A Hawaii man is accused of killing his mother and stuffing her decapitated head and dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the refrigerator freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared.
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second degree murder, and he was expected to make his initial appearance in court Monday.
According to the state's complaint filed against Gong, he called police April 11, saying, “I killed my Mom.”
When officers arrived and couldn't find his mother, he told them she was “in the fridge,” the complaint says.
An officer looked in one of the bags in the freezer and found the body parts.
Gong told officers that he accidentally killed his mother in September after she became angry when the 26-year-old said he didn't want to go to school.
Men with that salt-and-pepper hair have a certain charm to them, don't they? As easy on the eyes grays are, a new study is about to change your mind about them: Research from the European Society of Cardiology, presented at EuroPrevent 2017 by Dr. Irini Samuel, a cardiologist at Cairo University, Egypt, links gray hair with an increased risk of heart disease in men.
Atherosclerosis, a disease in which plaque builds up inside the arteries, is caused by high blood pressure, smoking, or high cholesterol. As atherosclerosis has some of the same mechanisms as hair graying, such as impaired DNA repair, oxidative stress, inflammation, hormonal changes, and weakening of functional cells, the research assessed the prevalence of gray hair in patients with the disease to determine whether it was an independent risk marker.
A “hair whitening score” was given to each of the 545 adult men who participated in the prospective, observational study. Men with pure black hair were awarded a score of 1; men with more black hair than white hair were awarded a 2; men with equal amounts of black and white hair were awarded a 3; men with more white hair than black hair were awarded a 4; and men with pure white hair were awarded a 5. According to the researchers, a hair whitening score of 3 or higher was associated with increased risk of coronary artery disease, independent of chronological age and established cardiovascular risk factors.
goodluz/Shutterstock
Nesochi Okeke-Igbokwe, MD, MS, attending physician in Internal Medicine at NYU Langone Medical Center, believes more studies are necessary to investigate the relationship between heart health and graying of the hair. “Individuals with an abundance of gray should not go into immediate panic mode based on the study findings,” she says. “When it comes to heart health, incorporation of routine exercise and maintenance of a well-balanced diet is crucial and can contribute to improved health outcomes. Gray haired and non-gray haired individuals alike should adhere to healthy lifestyle choices promoting heart health.” (Here are 30 heart health tips, straight from cardiologists.)
But this isn't the first time gray hair has been found to be a warning sign. “There are several studies dating from the 1990s that have shown a link between gray hair and cardiovascular disease markers such as heart attacks and arterial thickness,” says Allison Larson, MD, assistant professor of dermatology at Boston Medical Center. “From a dermatological perspective, hair turns gray because there are fewer pigment-producing cells in the hair follicle. However, other factors can be related to hair graying, such as smoking and obesity, both of which are also known to be associated with heart disease. The reason for the association with heart disease is not fully understood. In the meantime, gray-haired people should have regular check-ups with a primary care provider, maintain a healthy weight with diet and exercise, and avoid smoking.”
These are the sneaky reasons your hair is going gray too soon.
A California couple is trying to cash in on the ultimate stoop sale.
Two years ago, married real estate investors Michael Cheng and Tina Lam quietly bought one of San Francisco's swankiest streets after the city put it up for auction because the neighborhood homeowners' association had failed to pay its $14-per-year property tax for decades.
"It was a public notice by the county. They post these notices when they have properties that are up for auction," Cheng told NBC News. "We saw it in the newspaper ... so we showed up."
The San Jose couple outlasted several other bidders and purchased Presidio Terrace in April 2015 for $90,100, chump change for a gated, private street that encompasses 35 sprawling homes and a golf club. California Sen. Dianne Feinstein and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi are former Presidio Terrace residents.
Street signs are seen at the intersection of Presidio Terrace and Arguello at the entrance to the Presidio Terrace neighborhood, Monday, Aug. 7, 2017, in San Francisco. Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP
The purchase gave them the rights to all the common spaces in the enclave, including the sidewalks, boulevard strips, and grass.
While hardly anyone took notice of the sale in April 2015, surprised homeowners have since found out about it. And they're not happy.
Many learned on May 30 when a title search company reached out to them, asking if they wanted to buy the property back from Cheng and Lam, according to the San Francisco Chronicle, which was the first to report on the street sale. The homeowners are now suing the city.
According to the Chronicle, an attorney for the Presidio Homeowners Association said in a letter to the city that a misunderstanding led to the years of outstanding taxes: the bill was being mailed to an address of an accountant who stopped working for them in the 1980s.
That address is now a pilates studio, NBC Bay Area reported.
A construction worker stands in front of a gate leading into the Presidio Terrace neighborhood Monday, Aug. 7, 2017, in San Francisco. Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP
Cheng said that's no excuse.
"They failed to pay their property taxes for over 30 years," he said. "They're now complaining the city should have personally tracked each homeowner down, which no city ever does."
A spokeswoman for the city Office of Treasurer and Tax Collector told NBC Bay Area that everything was done lawfully.
"It's uniform in every county in California, how this happens, and it's really the property owners' responsibility to be up to date on their taxes," Amanda Kahn Fried said.
The homeowners have appealed to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, and a hearing is set for Oct. 31.
An overview of the Presidio Terrace neighborhood, Monday, Aug. 7, 2017, in San Francisco. Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP
Cheng says he hopes to meet homeowners and find a solution. But for now, he and his wife are continuing to explore ways to make a profit off their investment and are open to all ideas — including charging residents rent to park in front of their own mansions.
"It's an interesting space, and we're not in a rush to do anything with it yet," Cheng said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fundraisers in Kelsall have named this year's village May Queen during a charity gala to raise money for North West Cancer Research.
The Kelsall-based fundraising committee has held its spring gala for the past 39 years – raising hundreds of thousands of pounds for life-saving cancer research.
Last year it brought back one of the area's oldest traditions, the crowing of the May Queen and this year Ruby Wisbey from Kelsall Primary School was chosen to take the crown and lead the Gala's headline event the May Queen Parade.
Ruby was crowned by Professor Ross Sibson, a researcher based at the North West Cancer Research Centre at the University of Liverpool.
As well as the May Queen Parade the gala festivities included a six-a- side football tournament with local primary school teams, a space hopper race organised by Active Cheshire and a selection of stalls selling crafts, plant, vintage products and books.
Claire House Cup raises £250,000 for children's hospice
Held at Kelsall Primary School, this year's gala has so far raised £2,560 which will be donated to North West Cancer Research to support life-saving cancer research projects in the region.
The Kelsall Gala started as a garden sale nearly 40 years ago. Organised by Lillian Lightfoot, who lost her husband to cancer, it was a great success with the local community and ran for several years.
Lillian sadly died of cancer some years later, but determined to carry on the family legacy, her daughter Angela Harrop turned the garden sale into the charity gala it is today with the support for the Kelsall-based fundraising committee for North West Cancer Research.
Angela said: “The charity gala receives a lot of support from the Kelsall community every year. It's great to see my parent's legacy carry on and to raise so much money for cancer research.
“Bringing back the May Queen tradition has been brilliant; it really adds a sense of community spirit to the event and makes it something for all the family to enjoy. I'm sure Ruby will make a wonderful Queen this year and do us all proud.
“I want to say a big thank you to everyone who came along and gave so generously, to all our volunteers, to Kelsall Primary School and finally to the other members of the fundraising committee – without whom none of this would be possible.
“Cancer is something which affects so many people – I myself have lost both my parents to it – which is why every penny we raise to help support research into stopping cancer is so important.”
Yes, the traditional inland Minnesota fishing opener, a.k.a. "the walleye opener," is still three months away. But come March, anglers willing to travel and brave early spring's unpredictable weather are often fishing from boats chasing walleyes in various river systems across the Midwest. Whether you are a traveling early-spring walleye chaser, or content to wait for May, now is a good time to start preparing for spring. Here are some things you can do to be ready for open water fishing.
RELINE RODS AND REELS
One thing that makes fishing more fun is not having equipment hassles.
One of the most common equipment complaints I hear from anglers revolves around unmanageable fishing line. One way to prevent that is to start the season with fresh line spooled on your rods.
Particularly when using monofilament or fluorocarbon lines, line left on a spool for months often develops "memory," which can lead to tangles, coils and knots that can ruin a trip. With that in mind, now is a great time to get your open water rods and reels out, take off the old line, and re-spool with new line. Not only will fresh line be more user-friendly, but it also greatly decreases the odds of a line nick or fray that can cause the year's first walleye to break off during the fight.
RESTOCK TACKLE
Another great task to complete now is the re-organization of tackle boxes.
During the busy fishing season, tackle boxes often become unorganized, and favorite lures sometimes get lost or misplaced, often at the most inconvenient times! Now is the time to reorganize, take inventory, and restock those tackle boxes. Plus, most major fishing retailers have good supplies of open water tackle, new product included, that help insure that we can find what we are looking for. Not only is this a good task to complete now, but it is also one of my favorites because it's exciting to "scratch my open water itch" by spending time browsing and buying new fishing tackle.
PLAN TRIPS
Often during fall I look back on the nearly complete open water season and realize I missed out on a hot bite or bites because I got too busy or didn't plan well enough.
With that in mind, now is also the time when I look ahead at my calendar and think about some of my favorite fishing destinations and the best times to be there and make plans accordingly. For example, one of my favorite bites is the spring walleye bite on spot-tail shiners that occurs on Ottertail Lake and several other Minnesota lakes. Last year, I missed out on that bite because of other commitments. I've already made plans to not let that happen this year! Planning trips now, relining rods and reels, and restocking tackle boxes are February tasks that can make every open-water angler's fishing trips more successful.
As always, good luck on the water and remember to include a youngster in your next outdoors adventure!
Mike Frisch is a western Minnesota fishing guide and co-host of the popular Fishing the Midwest TV series. Visit www.fishingthemidwest.com or follow Fishing the Midwest on Facebook for more "fishy" stuff.
[December 12, 2017]
New Zealand Breast Center Chooses Sectra's Imaging Solution
LINKÖPING, Sweden, Dec. 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --
International medical imaging IT and cybersecurity company Sectra (STO: SECT B) has implemented its IT solution for breast imaging at St Marks Breast Centre in New Zealand. With Sectra's comprehensive solution, the radiologists at St Marks Breast Centre now have full access to all images and tools from a single workstation login.
"With Sectra's solution we are able to read all types of radiology images, such as mammograms, MRI, and tomosynthesis, all from a single workstation," says Debbie Van Ryswyk, General Manager at St Marks Breast Centre. "This means that we get a comprehensive solution that provides us with a full patient overview. Since implementation, we have seen improved time and workflow efficiencies."
The solution is sold as a service and includes migration of 80,000 studies from St Marks Breast Centre's previous system into the Sectra solution.
Sectra Breast imaging reading efficiency
Sectra PACS features world-leading functionality for efficient mammography screening and diagnostic breast imaging workflows. True vendor-neutral, multi-modality capabilities enable display of breast images from any modality—including digital pathology and breast tomosynthesis—side by side with the mammograms. This enables a complete patient overview for the reading radiologist. For four continuous years, Sectra PACS has won the customer satisfaction award "Best in KLAS" for US hospitals over 200 beds and for three years in a row the "Best in KLAS" for Global (Non-US) PACS.
For further information, please contact::
Dr. Torbjörn Kronander,
CEO and President Sectra AB,
+46(0)705-23-52-27
Marie Ekström Trägårdh,
Executive Vice President Sectra AB and President Sectra Imaging IT Solutions,
+46(0)708-23-56-10
This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com
http://news.cision.com/sectra/r/new-zealand-breast-center-chooses-sectra-s-imaging-solution,c2411564
The following files are available for download:
http://news.cision.com/sectra/i/sectra-breast-imaging,c2300589 Sectra breast imaging
View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-zealand-breast-center-chooses-sectras-imaging-solution-300569918.html
SOURCE Sectra
BERLIN — An activist group on Tuesday published a database of information on suspected chemical attacks in Syria , adding to a growing collection of videos and images documenting alleged war crimes during the seven-year conflict.
The Syrian Archive, which works with human rights groups such as Amnesty International, said it has verified 861 videos covering some 212 attacks — most of them believed to have been carried out by government forces.
The material comes from 193 sources and much of it was uploaded to social media by ordinary Syrians, the group's co-founder, Hadi al-Khatib, told an audience in Berlin.
Al-Khatib, who has lived in Germany since 2014, said the group wants to preserve sensitive material from disappearing , so that it might eventually be used to bring those responsible for war crimes to trial. But the team, which is spread across Europe and the Middle East, also wants to “add value” to the raw material, such as by determining the location where a video was taken and, most importantly, verifying that it shows what is claimed.
The Syrian Archive co-operates with the open source journalism site Bellingcat that has made a name for itself forensically examining footage from war zones.
While most of the chemical attacks documented by the group are alleged to have been carried out by forces loyal to President Bashar Assad, including most recently in the town of Douma near Damascus, a handful have been attributed to rebel forces and the Islamic State extremist group, said Abdulrahman al-Jaloud, one of the Syrian Archive's researchers.
Al-Khatib said he and fellow activists try not to get disheartened by the fact that efforts to bring those responsible for war crimes in Syria to trial have so far been unsuccessful.
“That doesn't mean we should stop,” he said. “We are looking forward to the day when we can use this material, because the reconstruction of Syria must include acknowledging, investigating and prosecuting crimes.”
The Burkhart Center is teaming with Cyclebar Lubbock for an indoor bike ride!
Biking for the Burkhart will be held on Saturday, April 29, at 2:30 pm
at Cyclebar Lubbock
7604 Milwaukee Ave
Lubbock, TX 79424.
Biking for the Burkhart will be a fantastic warm-up celebration for
the Burkhart Center's Annual Walk for Autism Awareness on Sunday, April 30,
at Texas Tech's John Walker Soccer Complex.
To participate and support the Burkhart Center's important work with autism spectrum disorders, please follow the link below, create an account, and choose your bike.
https://lubbock.cyclebar.com/class-detail/?apptid=2107482
All money raised from this event will go directly to the Burkhart Center
If you have any questions or would like more details on the ride, please contact Becca at rebecca.beights@ttu.edu.
LIVERPOOL, England — Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp says Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain likely sustained a “really bad” injury in the 5-2 win over Roma in Champions League on Tuesday, potentially jeopardizing his chances of playing in the World Cup for England.
The midfielder came off on a stretcher in the 18th minute at Anfield after injuring his right leg in a tackle on Aleksandar Kolarov.
Klopp says it was “probably a really bad injury. That is bad news for us. The squad doesn't get bigger at the moment so we need to be creative in the next few games.”
Liverpool is also currently without midfielders Emre Can and Adam Lallana.
Oxlade-Chamberlain has become an established member of England coach Gareth Southgate's squad after settling well at Liverpool following his move from Arsenal at the end of last year's summer transfer window.
Zhangjiakou should place emphasis on "local authentic specialties" when serving as a main venue hub for the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and Paralympics, an official has said.
The city is 200 kilometres from the Chinese capital but is due to host a number of sports at the Games, including cross-country, ski jumping and biathlon.
Snowboard and freestyle competitions are also set for Zhangjiakou but the location could leave athletes and visitors feeling isolated from other Games-hubs in Beijing itself and Yanqing.
Du Wei, the deputy director of the Beijing-Zhangjiakou Winter Olympics Research Institute, told ECNS that the city should use local knowledge "to impress Olympic guests instead of reproducing a cosmopolitan atmosphere like Beijing".
Zhangjiakou will be a key hub at Beijing 2022 but is 200km from the capital ©Getty Images
He made his comments during a China Ski Industry Forum in Chongli County.
Du added that this would allow legacy benefits to be felt in Zhangjiakou.
"It should be more than a Zhangjiakou in 2022," he told ECNS.
"The Olympics means a start for a long-term process toward a forever attractive Zhangjiakou."
China is upgrading transport links to connect Beijing with Zhangjiakou.
Welcome to the latest entry in our Bonus Round series, wherein we tell you all about the new Android games of the day that we couldn't get to during our regular news rounds. Consider this a quick update for the dedicated gamers who can't wait for our weekly game roundups, and don't want to wade through a whole day's worth of news just to get their pixelated fix. Today we've got a minimal logic puzzler, a beautiful 2D platformer, an arcade plane game, a space shooter, a trippy endless runner, and a hero collection game. Without further ado:
SiNKR
SiNKR is very reminiscent of the minimal puzzle game Hook. All of SiNKR's levels are handcrafted to give the player a sense of accomplishment, and the hook-based gameplay makes for some challenging logic puzzles that are a joy to solve. There is no timer or any other distraction to impede your progress. This way you get to play as casually as you like.
Monetization: $0.99 / no ads / no IAPs
--
SiNKR is a minimalist puzzle game. There is just you, hooks, pucks, and various contraptions you need to clean up each level. Sink all the pucks to advance to the next challenge. Each level is handcrafted. No scores, no timers, no text, no distractions. Responsive ambient music.
Ayo: A Rain Tale
Ayo: A Rain Tale is a beautiful platformer that takes place in sub-Sahara Africa. You play the part of Ayo, whose job it is to fetch the water for her family. You will gain skills, wisdom, and courage as you journey forth on your mission. For the most part, the platforming gameplay is pretty fun, though movement can feel a little stiff at times.
Monetization: $2.99 / no ads / no IAPs
--
Ayo: A Rain Tale sheds the light on a young girl who regularly carries her tough water-fetching duty with courage. Ayo's perilous struggle is shared by many girls in Sub-Saharan Africa who live in communities that have no access to clean water. The daily burden of fetching water is carried by women and children – who go on journeys to distant sources and return home shouldering 40-pound containers filled with water for their families.
Arcade Plane 3D
Arcade Plane 3D is a simple arcade game that tasks you with collecting stars with your plane on a revolving map of a city. The more stars you collect, the bigger the city grows and the more difficult the gameplay becomes. So it's a bit like an endless runner, as the level never changes. But the growing map and attractive design make for something that's a bit different yet still definitely enjoyable.
Monetization: free / contains ads / IAPs from $0.99 - $3.49
--
Endless flying fun. Arcade Plane 3D is fast, easy to play but hard to master flying game. Tap & hold to dive, grab stars to tank the fuel and survive as long as you can. Collect coins, build your city, buy new airplanes and reach the highest level you can. Simple 3D graphics = huge fun from flying.
GLOBE
GLOBE is a slick arcade space shooter and collection game that looks similar to a twin-stick shooter, though the controls are much more straightforward. Your primary goal is to collect all of the floating astronauts in orbit around Earth. Once you collect them all, you will move on to the next stage. There are also enemies that shoot at you and obstacles you can run into, so you have to pay close attention to where you are going.
Monetization: free / contains ads / IAPs from $0.99 - $4.49
--
An Alien invasion has been detected and the space station patrolling Earth has been attacked, all the astronauts have been dislodged into space. It is up to you to save all the astronauts and eliminate all threats before Earth is attacked. Level up your Pilot and become Supreme Commander of the Intergalactic force to complete trials of pure arcade madness.
Avicii | Gravity HD
Avicii | Gravity HD is a futuristic endless runner with some trippy graphics. Basically, you pilot a spaceship as it travels along a fixed path. You must collect triangles while plowing through breakable walls and rotating the path so that you won't run into any fixed obstacles. The music is fantastic, and the gameplay holds up. Just don't expect anything groundbreaking and you should find something here to enjoy.
Monetization: free / contains ads / IAPs from $0.99 - $5.49
--
Global hit music game AVICII | GRAVITY returns in a massive expansion, packed with brand new and boosted original content: Experience Avicii's music in a whole new way. Your performance affects how his hit songs are played out. Watch as the environment changes dynamically to reflect your progress.
Merge Kingdom!
Merge Kingdom! is the latest hero collection game to hit the Play Store. Unlike the majority of RPG-based hero collection games out there, Merge Kingdom! actually plays out as a puzzle game. You are tasked with merging objects in order to heal the land of your kingdom. Think of gameplay similar to Threes!, but on a grander scale and with a delightful fantasy-based hero collection theme.
Monetization: free / contains ads / IAPs from $1.99 - $69.99
--
Welcome to the world of Merge Kingdom., where everything can be merged, and your only object is to heal the land. You're the ruler of a vast kingdom, whose land has been struck by a terrible plague. In order to save your kingdom, you need to save the land - the only means of doing that, is by merging objects.
Be sure to check out our gaming coverage from earlier this week:
COLUMBIA, S.C. — South Carolina lottery officials say they will not pay $35 million in prizes won by players when a Christmas Day glitch in a game briefly made everyone a winner.
The South Carolina Education Lottery Commission voted Wednesday to reimburse players only the $1 paid for Holiday Cash Add-A-Play tickets.
Officials say a coding glitch made each of the 71,000 tickets bought for about two hours last Dec. 25 a winner.
The game generated trees on a tic-tac-toe grid, paying up to $500 when someone got three in a line. Lottery officials say trees were printed in all nine slots.
A statement from the lottery cited a South Carolina law that prizes resulting from a ticket printed in error must not be paid.
Two lawsuits have already been filed by players.
Inside the EHF
04.07.2018, 15:17
Clean anti-doping record revealed « Go back » Print Version
The European Anti-doping Unit has announced its results over the season and confirmed a focus on the education of young players in summer 2018
» Inside the EHF Channel Read more » The European Anti-doping Unit has announced its results over the season and confirmed a focus on the education of young players in summer 2018 Tweet
Clean anti-doping record revealed The EHF Anti-doping Unit has announced a clean record across its competitions since the start of the club season in September.
Over 270 tests were carried out at club and national team level, including out-of-competition testing of players.
Testing was carried out across all club and national teams competitions and events from the EHF EURO through to younger age category competitions and European Cup competitions.
Focus on education of young players
Following the positive tests of three Russian players at the Women's 19 EHF EURO in Slovenia last summer, the EHF Anti-doping Unit is now also concentrating on intensifying efforts to educate young handball players.
National federations have been obliged to carry out their own education activities and the EHF has requested that all players and officials make use of the ADeL e-learning tool provided by WADA, the World Anti-doping Agency.
ADeL is a free resource and provides comprehensive information for athletes, coaches, administrators and parents on anti-doping issues in sport.
The legal case and subsequent appeals involving the Russian players has now been dealt within the EHF legal system and the case is now closed.
EHF Anti-doping Unit
The EHF Anti Doping Unit (EAU) is responsible for the arrangement and carrying out of controls, the development of awareness for non-intentional doping, the education and information process for young athletes, the coordination with national anti-doping agencies in Europe, the handling of therapeutic exemptions and further anti-doping measures. The unit operates independently of the EHF. More information>>
TEXT: EHF/jjr
Share Tweet TEXT:
Sixteen children across the country died last week from the flu, more than twice the number who died in the previous week, bringing the total number of pediatric deaths to 53. Two of the new deaths happened in Florida. Miami Herald file
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Services for Eleanor L. Stevenson will begin at 10 a.m. Monday at Clark Shields Funeral Home in Forest with Pastor Kathleen Shuck. Interment will follow at Hueston Cemetery, Forest.
Friends may call 1-5 p.m. Sunday.
Memorial contributions may be made to First Lutheran Church, Gideons International, or the hospice of the donor's choice in care of Clark Shields Funeral Home, 301 S. Patterson St., Forest, OH 45843.
Visit www.Shieldsfh.com to send a condolence or share a story.
She died Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 at Bridge Hospice Care Center in Findlay surrounded by her family.
Login Login
Password
Signup Here
Lost Password
Subscribe to the Kenton Times to read the full story...
Get your Hardin County news in print AND online!
OR Try a 1-Day Access Pass for Only 99¢!
Are you a current subscriber to the Kenton Times?
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY!
If you currently subscribe the Kenton Times in print, then your access to the online content is INCLUDED in your subscription! Just verify your subscription to get started!
Here's some great news to start off your Monday: Opera is suddenly and abruptly killing off its Opera Max app. Opera Max was a free VPN service that aimed to compress data before it got to your device in order to lower data usage. Unfortunately, it is now no more.
In its blog post, Opera claims that Max is being discontinued because of its "substantially different value proposition than our browser products," and that it "represented a different focus for Opera." In other words, Opera wants to direct all focus to its bread and butter: browsers. Opera Max will not receive any more updates (the last one was around July 19th), and it's been taken off of the Google Play Store.
If you are an avid Opera Max user and want to continue using the service for as long as possible, the service will stay in place for existing users for an unspecified length of time, with more detailed information coming in "due time." And if you forgot what Opera Max is all about, you can still grab the latest Opera Max 3.1.42 APK over at APK Mirror.
(This is where I'd throw our app widget in, but I can't since the app's been delisted from the Play Store. Insert sad emoji here.)
MIAMI (AP) When the Miami Heat return home from their current road trip, the season will officially be half over.
It's already seemed like a marathon.
Barely seven months removed from being a game shy of the NBA's Final Four, the Heat were the first team this season to reach the 25-loss mark. Only Philadelphia and Brooklyn are keeping Miami from having the league's worst record, and it's a paper-thin buffer right now between the Heat and the cellar. Injuries have piled up as well, further adding to the struggle of rebuilding.
”It's not so much frustration,” Heat forward Justise Winslow said, talking about the team's collective mood. ”It's more just like sympathy.”
Banged-up and usually beaten, the Heat start a six-game trip in Phoenix on Tuesday night. The good news is that the first three games on this swing are against teams that are like the Heat, well below the .500 mark. The bad news is that Miami hasn't beaten anybody on the road in more than a month, and seems to have a different lineup every night.
Just in Sunday's loss to Detroit alone, the Heat were without Goran Dragic, Hassan Whiteside, Dion Waiters, Josh McRoberts and Winslow. Everyone on that list except McRoberts – out with a stress fracture in his foot – will likely play on this trip, perhaps as early as Tuesday if Waiters can get cleared for a return from a torn groin muscle that has kept him out since Nov. 26.
”We'll get guys back,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said.
At this rate, there will be a point where Miami starts thinking more about the future than the present. Plenty of trade talk in the next few weeks will involve the Heat, who have a ton of salary-cap space to use this summer and will undoubtedly hear from contending teams looking to add a player or two for the looming playoff runs.
And unless there's some seismic improvement, Miami's NBA draft lottery odds might look pretty good as well.
”I know this about Erik's teams: They're going to play really, really hard,” Detroit coach Stan Van Gundy said of Spoelstra, his longtime friend going back to when they were both part of the Heat staff.
He's right.
Just take some examples from Sunday's loss: James Johnson dove on the floor to salvage what looked like a sure turnover, setting up a 3-pointer. He leaped into the Detroit bench a couple minutes later to save a ball, and the Heat got another 3 out of that possession. Rodney McGruder thwarted a 4-on-1 Detroit fast break later in the game as well, though the Pistons wound up scoring on that possession.
That's sort of the theme for the Heat season so far. Even when things go right, it's not right enough.
”I'm seeing the guys out there diving on the floor, making winning plays, putting their bodies out there, putting themselves out there,” Heat captain Udonis Haslem said. ”That's how you become a championship team.”
Even with Whiteside's numbers looking good – averages of 17.3 points and 14.3 rebounds per game – he's far from a lock for the All-Star team, in part because there's no true center designation in the roster-choosing process. No one currently playing for the Heat has ever been an All-Star, and it's probably reasonable to think that won't change in the next few weeks.
For comparison's sake, last year's Heat lineup featured players with a combined 38 All-Star trips.
Dwyane Wade's now in Chicago, Joe Johnson is in Utah, Luol Deng is with the Lakers, Amare Stoudemire is in Israel and Chris Bosh is in basketball exile, sidelined by ongoing concerns about his blood-clot situations and only now seen with Heat teammates in photos from New Year's Eve gatherings.
”It is what it is,” Winslow said. ”Take it with a grain of salt. Not going to make any excuses. We're all basketball players. We get paid to do this. We get paid to show up on time, get paid to have your brother's back on the court.”
Revised plans for the redevelopment of a former primary school and existing community centre in Bury St Edmunds have been submitted.
The site, off St Olaves Road, on the Howard estate, is earmarked for 79 homes – 30 per cent of which would be affordable – a new community centre and children's centre.
The Newbury Community Centre, Carousel Children's Centre and former Howard Primary School will be demolished to make way for housing that will cover most of the costs of the new community hub, if outline plans are approved by St Edmundsbury Borough Council.
Councillor Paul Hopfensperger said: “I'm very excited about the whole project. The team of people behind it have put in exceptional effort and it is a fantastic project for the whole estate. We have engaged with the whole community on it and everything people have asked for we have put into it.”
The new community hub will include a multi-purpose hall, second large hall, social club, medical room to meet all NHS requirements, FA-approved changing facilities, bar and kitchen, as well as a children's centre with offices, play room and secure outdoor area.
The existing facilities will remain open while the hub is built to ensure a seamless transition.
The homes would comprise 21 one and two-bedroom flats and 58 two, three and four-bedroom houses, while the 2.78 hectare development would have 211 parking spaces, including 62 for the community hub.
A planning statement by development consultants Renew Planning said: “The proposed development would facilitate the viable and beneficial use of a largely redundant brownfield site for housing and the provision of a much-needed and greatly improved community facility.”
It is hoped the development will be completed by April 2019.
A quarter of men and 20 percent of women have the strain of HPV (human papillomavirus or human wart virus) that causes cancer, new government statistics show.
And 45 percent of men have some kind of genital HPV, the latest data from the National Center for Health Statistics show.
University of Miami pediatrician Judith L. Schaechter, M.D. gives an HPV vaccination to a 13-year-old girl in her office at the Miller School of Medicine in Miami, Fla. Joe Raedle / Getty Images file
For people under 25, there's a vaccine that can protect them from the strains of HPV that cause a range of cancers, from head and neck cancer to cervical cancer. For the rest of the population, the viruses continue to circulate.
"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is the most common sexually transmitted infection in the United States," the team at the NCHS, part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, wrote.
"Some HPV types can cause genital warts and are considered low risk, with a small chance for causing cancer. Other types are considered high risk, causing cancer in different areas of the body including the cervix and vagina in women, penis in men, and anus and oropharynx (mouth and throat) in both men and women."
Related: Michael Douglas Was Right. HPV Causes Throat Cancer
The team looked at large national health surveys, which included HPV tests, taken in 2011 through 2014.
In 2013 and 2014, 45 percent of all men aged up to 60 had some sort of HPV strain and 25 percent had one of the strains that can cause cancer. Close to 40 percent of women had any type of HPV and 20 percent had a cancer-causing strain, the researchers reported.
Related: HPV Cancers Are an Epidemic
About 4 percent of all adults had an oral infection with a cancer-causing strain of HPV.
"Men had a higher prevalence of oral HPV than women," the team wrote.
Some experts believe 70 percent of all head and neck cancers are caused by HPV, likely spread by oral sex. According to experts, by 2020 head and neck cancer will beat out cervical cancer as the most common HPV-related cancer.
Related: HPV Infections Plummet After Vaccination
There are 109 known different types of human papillomaviruses.
Two Food and Drug Administration-approved vaccines — Cervarix and Gardasil — prevent infection with the cancer-causing HPV strains 16 and 18. Gardasil additionally covers the wart-causing strains 6 and 11. A new form of Gardasil, approved earlier this year, adds five more high-risk HPV strains to its coverage, for even more cancer protection.
Both boys and girls are supposed to get two or three doses of the vaccine, starting at age 11 or 12.
A Syrian man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of seeking 180,000 euros ($190,000) from the Islamic State group (ISIS) to buy vehicles that he intended to use for one or several bomb attacks, authorities said Monday.
The 38-year-old, who came to Germany in late 2014 as an asylum-seeker, was arrested on Saturday in Saarbruecken, close to the French border. He is accused of collecting money to be used by him or someone else to carry out murder.
Prosecutors accuse him of contacting someone in Syria “who he knew was in a position to obtain ISIS money for terror financing” last month via the Telegram encrypted communication service.
The suspect allegedly asked for 180,000 euros so that he could buy and repaint vehicles that he intended to fit out with explosives before driving them into crowds.
The case against him was bolstered by an informant who went to Germany's Federal Criminal Police Office, chats on the suspect's smartphone and his own statements, “insofar as they can be followed,” prosecutors said in a statement.
The Syrian is alleged to have told the financier that each vehicle would cost 22,500 euros ($23,500), and that 400 to 500 kilograms (882 to 1,100 pounds) of explosives would be placed in each car, they added.
Police said in a separate statement that the man had sought ISIS financing for an “as yet unsubstantiated attack scenario with the help of prepared vehicles in Germany, France, Belgium and the Netherlands.”
In questioning, the man acknowledged that he had been in contact with ISIS, but denied “terrorist intentions,” prosecutors said.
Investigators have found no evidence that he already had vehicles fitted out to conduct attacks. Police said that a search of his apartment turned up no evidence of any concrete danger to New Year's Eve celebrations.
Germany saw three attacks last year claimed by ISIS and carried out by asylum-seekers — two in Bavaria in the summer, in which the assailants were killed and a total of 20 people wounded, and the Dec. 19 truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market in which 12 people were killed.
Duke's odds to win title skyrocket after Bagley commitment
If you're a sports bettor, hopefully you got your money in on Duke to win the 2018 national championship prior to Monday, because the price just went up.
High school star Marvin Bagley III announced on Monday night that he was reclassifying to the class of 2017 and that he would play for Duke.
In response to the news, one Las Vegas sportsbook instantly made the Blue Devils 3:1 favorites to win the title, a spike from where they began in April at 12:1.
The Bagley effect: Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook just made Duke 3-1 favorite to win 2018 NCAA MBB title. Duke had opened 12-1 back in April. — Steve Carp (@stevecarprj) August 15, 2017
Bagley, who played last season at Sierra Canyon High School in Chatsworth, Calif., is viewed as the No. 1 recruit in this year's class, and a strong contender to be the No. 1 pick in the 2018 NBA Draft. Some believe the 6-foot-11 forward may be the most valuable player coming out of high school since LeBron James.
Bagley's reclassification still needs to be approved by the NCAA. If the move is approved, Duke will end up with a good shot at winning their second championship in four years.
SAN FRANCISCO — As Uber attempts to move past a year of scandals, the company was walloped with a fresh bit of drama this week.
Former CEO Travis Kalanick is being sued by Benchmark, an early investor that owns 13 percent of Uber, in the hope of kicking him off the board of directors.
Benchmark is suing Kalanick over allegations of "fraud, breaches of fiduciary duty, and breaches of contractual obligation," according to a complaint filed in Delaware Chancery Court. Axios was first to report on the lawsuit.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick delivers a speech at the Third Netease Future Technology Conference on June 28, 2016 in Beijing, China. VCG / Getty Images
The venture capital firm alleges Kalanick "fraudulently" obtained the power in 2016 to name three additional members to the company's board of directors. After Kalanick resigned in June, he appointed himself to one of those seats.
Related: With Travis Kalanick Out, Uber Searches For a New CEO
The complaint alleges Kalanick's motive was to pack the board with allies, eventually paving the way for him to return as Uber's CEO. Two of those seats remain unfilled.
Benchmark said it never would have granted Kalanick control over the additional seats had it been aware of the "gross mismanagement of Uber and several other significant matters."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed From June: Uber's Scandal-Plagued 2017, Explained 1:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Benchmark has a 20 percent stake in the company's voting rights, according to the lawsuit. The privately-held Uber is believed to be worth approximately $70 billion.
A representative for Kalanick said the lawsuit is "completely without merit and riddled with lies and false allegations."
"This is continued evidence of Benchmark acting in its own best interests contrary to the interests of Uber, its employees and its other shareholders," the representative said. "Benchmark's lawsuit is a transparent attempt to deprive Travis Kalanick of his rights as a founder and shareholder and to silence his voice regarding the management of the company he helped create. Travis will continue to act in the interests of Uber and all of its stakeholders and is confident that these entirely baseless claims will be rejected.”
A representative for Uber declined to comment on the lawsuit. Benchmark could not immediately be reached for comment, though the firm has declined comment to other outlets.
Uber has dealt with several problems this year, including issues of gender bias and harassment in the workplace and a trade-secret-theft lawsuit from self-driving car company Waymo. A tape of Kalanick arguing with an Uber driver over falling fares was also released in February, prompting the CEO to apologize and admit that he needs leadership help.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Uber CEO Travis Kalanick resigns after pressure from shareholders 2:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Kalanick announced an indefinite leave of absence in June, following the recommendation of an independent report from former attorney general Eric Holder regarding the company's culture. Eight days later, under pressure from the board, he resigned.
Benchmark general partner Bill Gurley, a former Uber board member who helped lead the effort to oust Kalanick, struck a diplomatic tone in June about the resignation. The former Kalanick confidant was said to be one of the key people who urged for him to resign.
There will be many pages in the history books devoted to @travisk - very few entrepreneurs have had such a lasting impact on the world. — Bill Gurley (@bgurley) June 21, 2017
While he may be out as CEO, reports have been swirling that Kalanick may have been plotting a return to his old position. On Monday, after hearing "confusion" around the CEO search process, Uber co-founder and board member Garrett Camp said that won't be the case.
"It's time for a new chapter, and the right leader for our next phase of growth," he told employees. "Despite rumors I'm sure you've seen in the news, Travis is not returning as CEO. We are committed to hiring a new world-class CEO to lead Uber."
Yet another sign Uber is looking to move on to its next phase: Ryan Graves, an early Uber employee and the only other person to serve as the company's chief executive, resigned on Thursday as senior vice president of global operations. Graves said he plans to focus on his role as a member of the board, which includes choosing a new CEO.
Ousted AIADMK leader VK Sasikala's husband Natarajan Maruthappa has died at the age of 76 on Tuesday night in Chennai. According to sources, the husband of AIADMK reject passed away last night at 1:35 AM in Chennai's Gleneagles Global hospital due to multiple-organ failure. The 76-year old was earlier admitted to Gleneagles Global hospital due to a severe chest infection. The husband of expelled AIADMK supremo endured liver and kidney transplant last year in 2017.
Ousted AIADMK leader VK Sasikala's husband Natarajan Maruthappa has died at the age of 76 on Tuesday night in Chennai. According to sources, the husband of AIADMK reject passed away last night at around 1:35 AM in Chennai's Gleneagles Global hospital due to multiple-organ failure. The 76-year old was earlier admitted to Gleneagles Global hospital due to a severe chest infection. Maruthappa was said to have put on a ventilator when his health started declining. Natarajan remained in a conflict with his health as the husband of expelled AIADMK supremo endured liver and kidney transplant last year in 2017.
In a statement released by the Chennai hospital last week, Natarajan Maruthappa was hospitalized and was taken to the intensive care unit (ICU) on March 16 with a severe chest infection. The chief operating officer of Gleneagles Global in Chennai, Shanmuga Priyan had revealed that Natarajan Maruthappa was on ventilator support as his condition remained critical. Troubled AIADMK chief, who is currently serving her four-year prison in Bengaluru's central prison paid Natarajan Maruthappa a visit after her parole request for 15 days was granted. Sasikala and Natarajan Maruthappa remained together for 33 years. It was Sasikala's husband, who first introduced her to former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa.
ALSO READ: Endured all woes for Amma; merger with Palaniswami faction was PM Modi's suggestion: O Panneerselvam
Earlier today, the body of VK Sasikala's husband Natarajan Maruthappa was taken from Gleneagles Global Health City Hospital to their residence in Chennai, news agency ANI reported. In January, M Natarajan had surrendered before a CBI court in connection with a case involving evasion of duty on the import of a luxury car from Britain. The Madras High Court had in November upheld a trial court order sentencing Natarajan and three others in the case registered 23 years ago. In December 2017, the Supreme Court granted bail to Natarajan and asked him to deposit Rs 25 lakh each in its registry. He didn't appear in the past hearings citing poor health.
#UPDATE: Body of VK Sasikala's husband Natarajan Maruthappa taken from Gleneagles Global Health City Hospital to their residence in Chennai. pic.twitter.com/HpryTFg28D — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
ALSO READ: TTV Dhinakaran launches ‘Amma Makkal Munnetra Kazhagam' in Madurai; aims to bring back Amma magic
(With inputs from IANS…)
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Iceland's Kari Arnason, top right, jumps to celebrate with other teammates after scoring against Turkey, during the World Cup Group I'm qualifying soccer match between Turkey and Iceland in Eskisehir, Turkey, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo)
ESKISEHIR, Turkey (AP) — Iceland stayed on the path to becoming the smallest nation to qualify for the World Cup after beating Turkey 3-0 on Friday.
With Finland surprisingly holding Croatia to 1-1, and Ukraine taking three points from Kosovo after a 2-0 away win, the tightest group in European qualifying will have to be decided on Monday in the last round of matches.
Iceland tops Group I with 19 points, and Croatia and Ukraine are two points behind. Turkey is out of contention with 14 as well as Finland with 8.
Iceland is a clear favorite when it hosts Kosovo in its last qualifier, while Croatia has to travel to Ukraine for a tough encounter.
Keeping the momentum going from its inspiring run to the 2016 European Championship quarterfinals, Iceland withstood Turkey's early pressure before Johann Gudmundsson sent the ball high into the net past goalkeeper Volkan Babacan in the 32nd minute.
Jon Bodvarsson provided a precise cross from the left for the opening goal and seven minutes later he also set up the second for Birkir Bjarnason to shock the packed stadium in Eskisehir.
Kari Arnason added the third from close range four minutes into the second half after Aron Gunnarsson headed to him a corner kick.
CROATIA'S BLOW
Led by playmaker Luka Modric who made his 100th international appearance, Croatia had to wait till the second half for a goal despite holding the upper hand.
Striker Mario Manduzkic finally netted in the 58th after a defender deflected to him. That seemed to be a winner.
But substitute Pyry Soiri equalized in the final minute to stun the Croatian favorites.
Mandzukic also scored Croatia's lone goal in their previous meeting in Finland in October 2016.
KOSOVO'S LESSON
Kosovo produced some decent defending against Ukraine but it was Leart Paqarada who scored an own goal on the hour to give the visitors a lead. Andriy Yarmolenko added the second three minutes from time.
With the eighth straight defeat, Kosovo has been taught a lesson in its first qualifying for a major tournament. It sits at the bottom of the table with a single point in its maiden qualifying campaign.
Kosovo was accepted by UEFA and FIFA last year, and fast-tracked into World Cup qualifying.
The match was in Albania's Shkoder as Kosovo does not have a FIFA-certified stadium.
The Snapdragon 835 running the show here has a solid specification: it's got eight 2.45GHz cores, and it's paired with an Adreno 540 GPU, a 256GB SSD and 8GB of RAM.
There's more than enough power here to handle web browsing and run Google Docs, Word and Excel. It won't have any issues with Netflix, streaming services, movie playback, or music. However, the HP does run Windows 10 S out of the box, which is a concern, as it means you can only install apps from the Windows store.
Thankfully, upgrading to Windows 10 Pro is free, and accomplished within minutes. That brings more software to the table, but more Snapdragon-related problems arise. You'll notice stuttering and pauses as apps open, with those times extending when you try to use tougher apps or run several tools at once.
If you need more evidence of the Snapdragon's lack of raw power, look at the benchmarks. In Geekbench's single- and multi-core tests the HP returned results of 817 and 3,166. The Kaby Lake-based Intel Core i7-7Y75 used in the XPS 13 regularly outpaces those scores by a considerable distance.
The included active pen suffers similarly. It's good enough for casual use, but it doesn't have the responsiveness required for proper work.
The Envy x2 performs far more impressively in battery tests. HP claims 22 hours of battery life for this machine – and, remarkably, the Envy almost delivers.
During web browsing, media playback and low-intensity work tasks – and with the brightness toned down a little – the Envy lasted for almost 19 hours. That's fantastic – the Dell XPS 13 may have lasted for a day, but the HP can conceivably last through two.
Keep the brightness high or run tougher work tools, and battery life will decline – but you're still going to get more than a full day with plenty of juice to spare.
More Life, Drake's last release, was billed not as an album or a mixtape but a “playlist,” a nebulous designation that served in part to distance it from the bloated pomp of his dead-on-arrival fourth album Views. With Scorpion, he's not just back in album mode, but double-album mode, serving 25 tracks and 90 minutes of alternating swagger, sex, and self-pity. Given the bleary late-night atmosphere and his ongoing fascination with Caribbean culture, he could have called it Collie Weed and the Infinite Sadness.
But Scorpion is every bit the product of the streaming era that More Life was, old-fashioned format notwithstanding. Like many interminable marquee releases over the last two years or so, its length is a byproduct of a change in Billboard's chart-calculating rules, which now count streaming plays of individual songs toward album sales, encouraging artists and labels to pack their records with as many streamable songs as possible to help shoot them up the charts. (A trend that began, incidentally, around the time of Views, and reached a delirious recent apex with Migos's 106-minute Culture II.) Even devoted Drake fans might not listen to the whole thing through more than once, other than as a twisted form of self-abnegation. It's the length of Dr. Strangelove, of a strong runner completing a half marathon, of Views if you added another song as long as “Freebird.” Scorpion is not a playlist, then, but fodder for building your own, destined for chopping up and adding songs to mixes with names like “Summer Vibes.” On the morning of its release, Spotify included a photo of Drake on every single one of the 12 branded playlists on its homepage.
Fortunately, there's enough decent music here to also pare Scorpion itself down to a more reasonable duration. One possible truncated version goes like this: end the first disc with the bouncy but menacing “Mob Ties,” possibly the year's best Young Thug song despite not actually featuring Young Thug. Start the second disc with “That's How You Feel,” with a Nicki Minaj sample like the piped-in voice of God, which kicks off a strong run of slick noirish tunes, punctuated appropriately by a monologue from a quiet storm radio DJ. The long middle stretch you end up skipping contains a half-baked Jay-Z collaboration with an ill-advised shoutout to the late XXXTentacion, several syrupy sing-songs that drift uncomfortably close to Post Malone parody, and, to be fair, the undeniable ebullience of “Nice for What.” Swap that single in for its petulant counterpart “I'm Upset,” and voila: a solid hour of Drake music, eminently listenable if not entirely surprising.
Drake's personal baggage has always informed his music, and he's never had more than he does now: a Pusha T beef that was the only real threat to his credibility he's ever had, the apparent revelation that he is the father of a child. Message board sleuths will surely find plenty of subliminal shots at Pusha, but there's nothing explicit. There is plenty of talk of fatherhood, however. It starts with “Emotionless,” a song so rife with references to the last year of Drake's life and career that it's nearly impossible to judge on its own merits. In moments like these, Scorpion belongs in the lineage of recent would-be blockbusters from Drake's peers Kanye West and Jay-Z and Beyoncé, placing the performance of narrative on equal footing with the performance of music. These records are captivating not in the traditional manner of rap or pop music, but of prestige cable drama, relying on your knowledge of several seasons worth of plot points and dropped hints to propel their most emotionally charged moments. When Drake raps “I wasn't hiding my kid from the world, I was hiding the world from my kid,” it carries real poignancy, but it's hard to know how you'd receive it if you hadn't been following along with all the diss tracks and TMZ posts. You'd need a “previously on Westworld”-style highlight reel intro just to keep up.
Scorpion is stronger when Drake stops narrating the circumstances of his own life and simply writes more of the breezy, cocksure songs that seem to come so effortlessly to him. On “Blue Tint,” with an unbilled Future appearance, he rhymes a line about the “president doin' us in” with another about the color of the windows in his luxury car. For any other artist, this sort of glibness would be hard to forgive; Drake's superpower is that he can make it sound charming.
He even manages to experiment a little. “Nonstop” has the mumbling intensity of a rapper a decade Drake's junior. “Peak,” one of the aforementioned Post-y tracks, is almost saved by the presence of a glowing synth sound that cuts through the mix like a lightsaber. But the force of Drake's personality, his sheer overpowering Drakeness, is his greatest limit as well as his greatest asset. No matter the setting or the flow, he'll always sound like Drake in a new costume.
Because of that, your opinion of Drake has probably settled at this point in his career, and nothing on Scorpion will change it. The only truly new perspective here is on the album-closing pair of tracks, “Final Fantasy” and “March 14.” The first is an unabashedly sleazy ode to fucking like a porn star; the second is about the joys and struggles of being a single dad. (One follows the other, after all.) Taken together, they paint a complex picture of where Drake's at now, one that's funny, tender, and not always particularly flattering. These tracks succeed because they approach relationships and fatherhood as subjects for actual songwriting, rather than two more bullet points in the list of reasons why no one will ever understand or be like Drake. Getting to them can feel like a slog. But if you're smart, you'll just add them to a playlist.
0:43 Younger players breaking through at Central Pause
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
MONTREAL — The Florida Panthers are inching closer to a playoff spot.
Roberto Luongo's 28-save shutout lifted the Panthers to a 2-0 victory over the injury-riddled Montreal Canadiens on Monday night. It left them three points back of New Jersey for the eighth and last Eastern Conference playoff spot with two games in hand on the Devils.
“As a team we have to remember to just stay in the moment,” said Luongo, whose club is 10-2-1 in its last 13 games. “Right now we'll enjoy tonight but we have another big game (Tuesday night in Ottawa).
“Sometimes you get frustrated when you're trying to chase teams and they seem to keep winning, so we just want to focus on our job and make sure we put our best game forward on a nightly basis and that stuff will take care of itself in the end.”
Aaron Ekblad scored in the first period and Aleksander Barkov got one in the third for Florida (36-27-7), which had 41 shots but saw Montreal goalie Antti Niemi keep his team in the game with several glittering saves, including two stops on Evgenii Dadonov breakaways.
Montreal (26-34-12), coming off a 4-0 defeat Saturday in Toronto, was shut out for a second game in a row and a 12th time this season — three of them against Florida.
It was Luongo's third shutout of the season and the 76th of his career, tying the Montreal native with Ed Belfour and Tony Esposito for ninth place all-time.
“It doesn't mean much now,” he said. “Our goal is to make the playoffs and get some wins down the stretch.
“Not thinking about that kind of stuff now. Our goal is to be in the post season so 100 per cent of my focus is on that.”
Nearly half the Canadiens lineup was call-ups from the American Hockey League and they at times looked overwhelmed by the Panthers.
“To me it's evident — we don't have our team,” said coach Claude Julien, who is missing key pieces like defenceman Shea Weber and forwards Max Pacioretty, Phillip Danault and Andrew Shaw. “Right now we're not a good team.
“It's not that the players aren't good. We have a lot of injuries and even some of the players who aren't (inexperienced) are getting more ice time than they're used to.”
He added: “I'm confident that when we start next season we'll have better balance in our lineup than we have now.”
The opening 10 minutes saw two fights, one of which had Ekblad sparring with Nicolas Deslauriers.
It may have fired up the big defenceman because he stole a puck from Michael McCarron, deked past defenceman Jeff Petry and beat Niemi with a move to the backhand for an unassisted goal at 18:31.
Jacob De La Rose thought he had one back for Montreal 17 seconds later, but a video review showed Alex Galchenyuk was offside by a toenail and it was waived off.
Barkov got his 26th of the season at 6:23 of the third frame when his shot from the left side went in off Montreal forward Logan Shaw.
“There's a lot of confidence in this room,” said Ekblad. “Wins never come easy, but a lot of us are feeling very confident, making smart plays and doing the right things.
“It's a fun game to play.”
The Panthers are in a stretch with seven of eight games on the road.
Star goalie Carey Price returned to the Montreal lineup from a concussion suffered Feb. 20. He backed up Niemi, but may be ready to start when the Canadiens play Wednesday night in Pittsburgh.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park estate on April 21.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park estate on April 21.
(AP Photo/Chris O'Meara, File). FILE - In this Feb. 4, 2007, file photo, Prince performs during the halftime show at the Super Bowl XLI football game in Miami. Nearly a year after Prince died from an accidental drug overdose in his suburban Minneapolis...
(AP Photo/Jeff Baenen). This April 6, 2017, photo, shows cars parked outside Paisley Park Museum, former home and recording studio of the late megastar Prince in Chanhassen, Minn. Affidavits and search warrants were unsealed in Carver County District C...
By CARLA K. JOHNSONAP Medical Writer
Before his death, Prince abused opioid pain pills, suffered withdrawal symptoms and received at least one opioid prescription under his bodyguard's name, according to search warrants and affidavits unsealed Monday.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at Paisley Park on April 21. Nearly a year after his accidental overdose death at his suburban Minneapolis studio and estate, investigators still don't know how he got the fentanyl that killed him. The newly unsealed documents give the clearest picture yet of Prince's struggle with opioid painkillers.
___
WHAT DO AUTHORITIES SAY HAPPENED?
Investigators heard plenty from the people at Paisley Park when Prince's body was discovered. They told investigators that Prince was recently "going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication."
When authorities later checked a database set up to monitor who's getting prescriptions for controlled substances, they found nothing for Prince. But there was a prescription for the opioid painkiller oxycodone written for Kirk Johnson, Prince's bodyguard.
The prescription was dated April 14, 2016, the same day Prince was revived with an anti-overdose drug after falling ill on a plane. Dr. Michael Schulenberg, who wrote the prescription, told authorities he put the prescription in Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy, according to a detective's affidavit. Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, said in a statement that Schulenberg never prescribed opioids to Prince directly nor to another person with the intent of giving them to the singer.
Johnson's attorney, Clayton Tyler, said Johnson "did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death." An autopsy showed Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, another drug in the opioid family.
___
WHAT ARE POTENTIAL CHARGES?
Writing a prescription under another person's name violates state and federal law, said Ruth Martinez, executive director of the Minnesota Board of Medical Practice.
Martinez said she could not comment on whether the board is investigating Schulenberg's treatment of Prince. The agency's website on Monday listed no disciplinary or corrective actions taken against the doctor.
The board doesn't launch investigations unless someone makes a complaint. Complaints typically take 90 to 120 days to resolve, she said.
A person convicted under the law could be stripped of the ability to prescribe controlled substances by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and face other discipline from the state medical board.
___
WHY NO CHARGES YET?
A year might seem like a long time without charges, but criminal justice experts say the fact that no one's been charged doesn't mean no one ever will. They say it's a complex thing to track illegally obtained pills, and investigators and prosecutors want to build strong cases before interviewing witnesses who might provide useful information.
Although they can resort to subpoenas, the targets can exercise their right against self-incrimination - and the only way to get them to talk after that is by offering immunity. And, experts say, prosecutors and investigators don't want to lose a high-profile case such as Prince's - likely increasing their caution.
___
HOW OFTEN DO PRESCRIBERS USE FALSE NAMES?
Martinez of the Minnesota medical board said it's "quite infrequent" for a doctor to write out a prescription for someone in another person's name.
Two Los Angeles attorneys say it happens all the time in Hollywood. Celebrities frequently use aliases in hospitals and doctor's offices.
Laws against prescribing with a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo.
She represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
"They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced," Garofalo said Monday.
Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Harland Braun said there are good reasons for doctors to want to protect privacy with the insatiable appetite for celebrity gossip.
"Say you have a major male actor who has a prescription for Viagra, do you want that out on TMZ?" Braun said.
___
Amy Forliti and Doug Glass contributed from Minneapolis.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A new BBC drama is being filmed on location in Leeds today.
The cast of Kay Mellor's new series Love, Lies and Records have been spotted shooting at Leeds City Museum on Tuesday morning.
The Leeds-based writer's six-part drama tells the story of a registrar who juggles her personal life with the births, marriages and deaths she records and the impact they have.
Mellor was inspired to write the script by the experience of registering her mother's death at Leeds Town Hall. The City Museum - housed in the former Mechanics' Institute - will stand in for the Yorkshire County Register Office.
Lead character Kate Dickinson finds herself under pressure at work and home after being promoted to superintendent. She has to balance the demands of her teenage children with the threats of a colleague who wants to expose a secret from her past.
Mellor, who also acts as executive producer, told the BBC that register offices are places of 'laughter, tears and great drama' and that their staff are at the 'heart of life'.
Cast members confirmed include Ashley Jensen, Adrian Bower, Kenny Doughty, Rebecca Front and Mark Stanley.
Photo
Pressed by Congress and tax policy experts to prove the Trump administration's claims that its $1.5 trillion tax cut would pay for itself by stimulating economic growth, the Treasury Department's Office of Tax Policy released a one-page memo that shows it can't do it.
It projects a budget surplus created by 2.9 percent annual growth in gross domestic product over 10 years — that's more than 50 percent faster than the most recent forecast by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. Half of that growth would come from corporate tax cuts, the other half from other tax cuts and regulatory reform and from “infrastructure development and welfare reform,” neither of which has advanced past the talking stage.
Scott Greenberg, a tax analyst at the conservative Tax Foundation, called the one-pager “a thought experiment on how federal revenues would vary under different economic effects of overall government policies. Which is, needless to say, an odd way to analyze a tax bill.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
No other analysis — not from Congress, bipartisan tax policy groups, economists, past Republican Treasury secretaries — supports these claims. Instead, most experts say the bill would add at least $1 trillion to the debt.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In past administrations, the Tax Policy Office performed detailed work in analyzing proposed tax legislation, and its findings didn't always agree with the president's agenda. But career staff members have chafed under political pressure for months. While Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin was publicly claiming that more than 100 people in the office were “working around the clock on running scenarios for us” on the economic impact of the tax cuts, career tax experts inside the office said that they had been largely shut out of the process and that such an analysis didn't exist. James Mackie, the director of the Tax Policy Office's Office of Tax Analysis and a longtime Treasury employee, has announced plans to retire at the end of this year.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump's description of the climate on planet Earth doesn't quite match what data show and scientists say.
In an interview with Piers Morgan airing Sunday on Britain's ITV News, the president said the world was cooling and warming at the same time and that claims of melting ice caps haven't come true.
TRUMP: "There is a cooling, and there's a heating. I mean, look, it used to not be climate change, it used to be global warming. That wasn't working too well because it was getting too cold all over the place."
Ten different climate scientists contacted by The Associated Press said the president was not accurate about climate change. Rutgers University climate scientist Jennifer Francis responded in an email: "Clearly President Trump is relying on alternative facts to inform his views on climate change. Ice on the ocean and on land are both disappearing rapidly, and we know why: increasing greenhouse gases from burning fossil fuels that trap more heat and melt the ice. "
THE FACTS: The world hasn't had a cooler than average year since 1976 and hasn't had a cooler than normal month since the end of 1985, according to more than 135 years of temperature records kept by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
The last four years have been the four hottest years on record globally, with 2010 the fifth hottest year, according to NOAA. Every year in the 21st century has been at least three quarters of a degree (0.4 degrees Celsius) warmer than the 20th century average and in the top 25 hottest years on record, NOAA records show.
And while a good chunk of the United States had a frigid snap recently, most of the rest of the world was far warmer than normal, according to temperature records.
Zeke Hausfather of the Berkeley Earth temperature monitoring program — initially funded by non-scientists who doubt that the world is warming — said in an email: "The world has been warming steadily over the past 50 years, with 17 of the past 18 years being the warmest since records began in the 1850s. It is not accurate to say that the climate has been 'cooling as well as warming'."
___
TRUMP: "The ice caps were going to melt, they were going to be gone by now, but now they're setting records. They're at a record level."
THE FACTS: It is a bit more nuanced, but not quite right.
While a small number of experts a decade ago had predicted that Arctic would be free of summer sea ice by now, most mainstream scientists and the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change did not, instead they said Arctic sea ice would shrink, which it has, said Pennsylvania State University ice scientist Richard Alley. Most scientists, including the director of the National Snow and Ice Data Center, are predicting that the Arctic will be free of summer sea ice sometime around the 2040s.
The Arctic set a https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/2017/sea-ice-extent-sinks-to-record-lows-at-both-poles record for the lowest amount of sea ice in the winter, when sea ice usually grows to its maximum levels, in March 2017. In 2012, the Arctic set a record for lowest sea ice levels. Sea ice recovered slightly from that record and in 2017 in September, the annual low was only the eighth lowest on record, according to the National Snow and Ice Data Center. But the 10 lowest years of sea ice have been all in the last 11 years. Arctic sea ice is declining at a rate of 13.2 percent per decade, according to NASA.
Princeton University climate scientist Michael Oppenheimer said the Antarctic sea ice pack, less directly influenced by global climate change, varies from year to year. Antarctica hit a record low for sea ice in March 2017, the same month the Arctic hit a record winter low. Antarctic sea ice also reached a record high in 2014.
"Both of the large ice sheets of Greenland and Antarctica are losing hundreds of billions of tons of ice per year. Sea ice continues to decline significantly in the Arctic decade by decade, and the thickness of Arctic ice is now less than 50 percent of what it was 40 years ago," National Snow and Ice Data Center scientist Ted Scambos said in an email.
___
Associated Press writer Gregory Katz in London contributed to this report.
___
Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @borenbears . His work can be found here .
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Hundreds of cheering fans lined up Wednesday along downtown Pittsburgh streets for a parade to celebrate the Penguins' Stanley Cup championship.
Planners say as many as 500,000 people could turn out. That would surpass the estimated 400,000 who attended last year's celebration, which was the biggest for any of the team's five Stanley Cup championships.
Karla and Don Donahue drove 30 miles from Freeport to claim their seats, already three fans deep, behind a security fence along the right side of a stage erected in Point State Park. They arrived at 2:30 a.m. but were greeted by other fans who arrived Tuesday night.
“Somebody up there said they were here since 8 o'clock last night,” Don Donanue, 64, said. Other fans said they'd driven eight hours from New York to get seats, he said.
This will be the third victory parade for the Donahues, who also came downtown for celebrations after the team's Stanley Cup championships in 2009 and 2016. The team also won the Cup in 1991 and 1992 and became the first NHL team to repeat as champions since the Detroit Red Wings did it in 1997-98.
Karla Donahue, 60, said the couple never misses a game. If they're not at PPG Paints Arena, they're watching on TV.
“If we're somewhere else, it's on the radio. We haven't missed a game in years,” she said, proudly showing off her Kris Letang jersey, which is autographed by the star defenseman whose neck surgery kept him out of the playoffs.
The parade route streets were scheduled to close by 9 a.m. for the 11 a.m. parade. The parade will run along Grant Street and Boulevard of the Allies as it did last year. But this year, it will continue into Point State Park, where players, coaches and other dignitaries will take the stage and speak to the fans.
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6.
Mining Affected Communities Come Out In Support Of Xolobeni
Tuesday, 24 April marked the second day of the court proceedings between the Amadiba Crisis Committee (ACC), the department of mineral resources (DRM), and Australian mining conglomerate Transworld Energy and Minerals (TEM). The ACC, who are representing the Xolobeni farming community, are arguing that the community should have the right to decide how their land is used. Several hundred people gathered outside the court to show their support for the community and the #Right2SayNo campaign. The Daily Vox team was there.
Different mining affected communities from KwaZulu-Natal, North West, Mpumalanga, Limpopo, and Northern Cape gathered outside the court to show their support and solidarity for the ACC and the Xolobeni community. Inside the Pretoria High Court, the ACC, represented by lawyers from Richard Spoor Inc and the Legal Resources Centre (LRC) ,were arguing against the government's plans to issue a mining license to the Australian company.
The three day case which started on Monday 23 April would end on Wednesday 25 April. Keamogetswe Seipato from the Alternative Information Development Centre (AIDC) told The Daily Vox: “I stand to be corrected of course but I believe this is going to be an ongoing process. But I think the judge will have between three to six months to comment. After three to six months, she will let us know her judgement.”
Seipato said if things don't go their way they will take this further all the way to the Constitutional Court.
There were plans for several members of the crowd to head to the DMR to hand over a memorandum of demands as well as postcards. The postcards are a part of a series of photos compiled by Thom Pierce which features the words of the community with regards to what their land means to them and why they are saying no to any mining activity.
Adelaide Mokwena, an activist from Middelburg, said she had joined the solidarity action because land is an important resource. “Our grannies have the land but they don't get the water. We want them to find place for our people. They have to win the case because we don't want to struggle.”
Cromwell Monwabisi, a member of the Xolobeni community said: “We are here as the voice of the community so that we can fight for what is ours. Our land will always be our land and that is why we are here as the voice of the community. We demand our rights.”
Monwabisi said this case is important because there is another generation coming who they have to pave the way for so they can have the land. “It will be very important to [win this case] because it is what drive us from Eastern Cape to Pretoria. For us to be there, it shows us how important it is for us to have the right to say no. It will be very exciting as a community to win the case. If they grant us our right back, it will be very important,” added Monwabisi.
As for what it will mean for other communities, he said the Xolobeni community can be an example for them to say they fought for their rights and got them back.
Monwabisi says even if people aren't physically supporting the cause, they can support in spirit. “The land is very important to a human. Land is our right. Everybody has a right to live and our land is our right,” Monwabisi said.
Francine Nkosi from the Waterberg Women Advocacy Group said this case is important. “As communities they say we own the topsoil and the other soil is owned by the government. We want to change that because as communities there is nothing about us without us. We have the right to say no to that because we want to keep the land for the future generations,” she said.
Duduzile Mkwanazi from the South African Green Development Council was there to support the Xolobeni community because she knows the effects of mines first-hand. “As someone who grew up in the area where there are mines I know the effects of the mines on our communities, so I say no to mining,” she said.
Mkwanazi said that mines usually destroyed the land and this puts a greater burden on women who are forced to take care of their husbands who get sick from working on the mines. She said it will be a victory for all mining communities if the Xolobeni community wins the case.
Another supporter of the community, poet Siboniso Dlamini, said the victory of the Xolobeni community will mean a victory for all communities.
The case continues on Wednesday 25 April.
Featured image by Fatima Moosa
The post Mining Affected Communities Come Out In Support Of Xolobeni appeared first on The Daily Vox.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Daily Vox. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Panaji: Fisheries Minister Vinod Palyekar, on Thursday, announced to review fishermen's welfare schemes, which are being implemented through Fisheries Department.“It has been almost six months that I am holding the charge of fisheries department but today I came to know that there are 40 welfare schemes of the department. I will review all these schemes, and if required we will make necessary changes in the interest of for our local fishermen,” said Palyekar.“I have decided to start interaction with the traditional fishermen, and understand their problems. I will study all their issues and work towards finding solutions for the same,” he added.He said that he will meet the traditional fishermen by visiting their villages across Goa to know their issues.
“We are in the process of preparing a list of the villages, which I will visit along with my department officials, and interact with the fishermen and understand their problems and addressed them at the earliest. Despite their contribution to our state economy, they are deprived of their rights, and I feel while taking Goa forward we can't leave our fishermen behind,” he said.Meanwhile, Palyekar along with Sidharth Kunkalienkar, the vice-chairman of Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation, inspected floating jetty at Old Goa and Kala Academy jetty. Palyekar said that fisheries department is contemplating constructing floating jetties, by using the latest technology, wherever feasible in the state with the help of GSIDC. [NT]
“If the RGs tells us someone is dead, we take their word..,” Zec commissioner Netsai Mushonga said on her Twitter account.
Mushonga said no person would be removed from the voters' roll without any valid reason.
By end of April, there were at least 5 000 registered voters who died before the finalisation of the biometric voter registration (BVR) exercise, according to Zec statistics.
It is a legal requirement that all deaths are reported and entered into a register of deaths.
Before the current BVR exercise, the elections management body had been criticised for not deleting the dead from the voters' roll and allowing duplications to inflate the roll.
Nearly one-third of Zimbabwe's registered voters at the time were reportedly dead.
Anomalies in the voters' roll open the door for double voting and other rigging intentions.
Mushonga also allayed fears that Zec had set up “ghost polling stations for manipulation” after it emerged that the electoral management body would be adding additional polling sites for voters.
This comes as there are calls for Zec to gazette the names, location and number of polling stations in the interest of transparency.
“We are experts in election management and splitting one polling station into several with a thousand makes it easier for us to expedite your voting. Having 7 000 people in one room is a recipe for disaster!” she exclaimed.
“Our threshold is 1 000 voters so where there are more than 1 000 we will create more polling stations. We figure each polling station can process only 1 000 voters in 12 hours and not more. Simple!” DailyNews
The Award Section
OFFENSIVE PLAYERS OF THE WEEK
Aaron Rodgers, quarterback, Green Bay. In the 31-24 division-clinching win at Detroit on Sunday night, Rodgers was his great self: 27 of 39, 300 yards, four TDs, no picks, a 126.0 rating. Mediocrity seems like so long ago. Six weeks ago Green Bay was 4-6, and Rodgers had played his share of uncharacteristically shaky games. But he said that week he thought they could run the table and win the division, and who are we to doubt this crystal-balling genius? Since then the Packers are 6-0, and Rodgers has thrown 18 touchdowns and zero interceptions … and the Packers are making their sixth straight trip to the playoffs, and Rodgers has forced himself into a very tight race for the MVP.
Tom Brady, quarterback, New England. How incredible is it that Brady has created a contest for the MVP after missing the first four games? He may not be able to overcome missing a quarter of the season, but I doubt he cares much about that right now—not after capping one of the most memorable regular seasons of his life. Brady (25 of 33, 276 yards, three touchdowns, no picks) and the Patriots sprinted to a 20-0 lead at Miami on Sunday, and the only team in the AFC East fit to challenge them this year went down meekly again. For the season, Brady set the league record for best TD-to-interception ratio (28-to-2) and, at age 39, got set to put the team on his back for another postseason run.
DEFENSIVE PLAYERS OF THE WEEK
Damon Harrison, nosetackle, New York Giants. All season, Harrison has shown how valuable he's been to the Giants as a free-agent addition to a vastly improved defense. Sunday, in the 19-10 win at Washington that knocked the home team out of the playoffs, Harrison had four tackles plugging the middle of the line, helped limit Washington to 38 rushing yards, had a sack of Kirk Cousins, and even knocked a pass away in a surprisingly nimble pass-coverage play. What a great signing in free agency he was last March.
Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, cornerback, New York Giants. Fooling Washington on a disguised blitz and in coverage, Rodgers-Cromartie played a superb game, picking off Kirk Cousins twice and sacking him once in a game the Giants dominated on D. Rodgers-Cromartie, at 30, is showing no signs of wear or slowing down, and he'll be vital for the Giants if they're going to have a good shot to win in Green Bay on Sunday afternoon.
SPECIAL TEAMS PLAYERS OF THE WEEK
Tyreek Hill, punt returner/wide receiver, Kansas City. I've said it several times in the last half of the season: Kansas City will have a chance to beat anyone—even the Patriots in Foxboro—if Tyreek Hill can make a couple of difference-making plays, like the 95-yard punt return through traffic to ice the victory in San Diego on Sunday. What a weapon. Hill finished the season by winning the punt-return crown at 15.2 yards per return, a 3.6-yard edge on second-place returner Brandon Tate of the Bills.
COACH OF THE WEEK
Gary Kubiak, head coach, Denver. There is an adult in the room. Kubiak wasn't forced to quit his dream job, coaching the Broncos in partnership with GM and former teammate John Elway. But at 55 he knew he had some health issues he needed to watch—and he knew a job less all-controlling than this one would be best for his long-term well-being. He was unusually emotional with his players on Saturday night in his weekly pregame speech, and then when they woke up Sunday morning and saw Adam Schefter's report that this would be it for Kubiak, they went out and played the kind of game they knew would make him proud. The Broncos throttled the rival Raiders, 24-6. For his two-year run in Denver, Kubiak finishes 24-11, including a 3-0 playoff record and a Super Bowl title in Peyton Manning's last game. Yes, it was a very good run for Kubiak, who managed his Denver career at the end of it as well as he managed the team during it.
GOATS OF THE WEEK
Graham Gano, kicker, Carolina. Fitting. In game one this year, Carolina got off to a bad start in what would become a lost season: Gano missed a 50-yard field goal with four seconds left, and Denver held on to beat Carolina 21-20 in a Super Bowl 50 rematch. On Sunday, in game 16 at Tampa Bay, he missed field goals of 45, 58 and, with six minutes left, 36 yards. Bucs 17, Panthers 16.
The Buffalo kickoff return team. I have never seen this before. Has anyone? Seriously, has it ever happened that a team kicks off, the ball bounces and bounces and lands a yard deep in the end zone … and the return team stands over it watching as the kicking team recovers it for a touchdown? That's what happened when running back Mike Gillislee of the Bills decided not fall on the live ball on a New York kickoff, and the Jets flopped on it for a score. The lack of awareness by the Bills' return unit is the most startling faux pas by a team I've seen this year.
* * *
Right Combination of the Week
Mike McCarthy, coach, and Aaron Rodgers, quarterback, Green Bay. A month ago, when in Wisconsin for Green Bay Week at The MMQB, I had McCarthy on my podcast and suggested that there might be a mechanical flaw or something else wrong with Aaron Rodgers. It looked to me that Rodgers just wasn't playing at his typical high level of consistency this season, and he wasn't throwing the ball downfield as well as he usually did. There was a split second of a look from McCarthy, like, Man, you're crazy, and then he answered the question politely, while disagreeing firmly. That's the relationship with these guys—they've got each other's backs, as the saying goes. And though Rodgers' wasn't throwing the deep ball as accurately as usual, you'd never get a critical word publicly from McCarthy after all the greatness he'd seen from Rodgers. The right combination for Green Bay missed the playoffs in Rodgers' first year playing (2008) and never again. The Pack has made the postseason eight years running with McCarthy and Rodgers leading the way, capped by a 31-24 win at Detroit on Sunday night in the final game of the NFL's regular season that gave Green Bay another division crown.
* * *
Stats of the Week
I
Todd Gurley didn't have a 100-yard rushing game in 2016.
In his last 24 games, Gurley has exceeded 90 yards once.
II
The distance between the Patriots and the rest of the AFC East is not narrowing. It's not rare that this season's Patriots won the division they've dominated for 16 years (14 titles in that span), nor that they won it by four games. The aggregate two first halves between New England and second-place Miami this year: Patriots 44, Dolphins 10.
III
Quick: Name the player who had the best year of any player in the league at his position in 2016. It's subjective, obviously, because how can you tell whether the best guard was better than the best wide receiver or best cornerback? You can't. But it's my column, and I'll make this claim: Rams punter Johnny Hekker was the best player at his position in the NFL this year. Compare him to his peers.
• Net punting average: 46.1, and a huge edge over number two Sam Martin of Detroit (43.7).
• Punts inside the 20: 50. Number two: Dustin Colquitt of Kansas City (37).
• Average yards per return (on all punts, not just returned punts): 1.32. No other punter with at least 50 punts had less than 2.0 yards per return.
IV
So we've told you about the no-doubt the best punter in the NFL. Now for the best placekicker.
Justin Tucker of the Ravens missed one kick all season—that well-timed leap over center and block of a field goal by Shea McClellin of the Patriots in Week 14. Tucker's other 37 field-goal tries and 26 extra-point kicks … good.
While Tucker was missing one kick all season, the rest of the AFC North missed 24.
* * *
Factoids That May Interest Only Me
I
Horseshoe Twins Forever Dept.:
At 17 and 18 on the NFL's sack list are fitting names.
Player Seasons Age Sacks Seasons as Colt 17. Dwight Freeney 15 36 122.5 11 18. Robert Mathis 13 35 122.0 13
Also: Forced fumbles has been an official stat for just the past 25 years. According to StatsPass, Mathis (49) and Freeney (47) are numbers one and four on the forced-fumbled list since 1991.
Mathis retired after Sunday's game against Jacksonville. Freeney, now a Falcon, hasn't hinted at retirement.
II
Someone's going to have to coach Cam Newton hard in the offseason.
Last seven games: Newton was a 46.8 percent passer (109 of 233), with five touchdowns and 11 interceptions.
This article originally appeared on
The online team brings you a breakdown of the latest news of the day, live from the Māori Television newsroom.
Today on Rereātea the team profiles Guam pop star Pia Mia and her upcoming, one-off concert at the Stampede Bar in Papakura on Thursday. We look at the release of a motivational online video series for Māori youth which promotes and highlights Māori making their mark in the business world.
Facebook New Zealand also provided the Rereātea team with interesting social media statistics highlighting the most popular MP's on Facebook at the moment.
For more on these stories follow us on Facebook, Twitter and visit our website at Māori Television.com.
The Te Kāea team will have a variety of stories on Te Reo at 5:00pm and 6:30 on Māori Television.
The deadly New Year's attack on a ritzy Istanbul nightclub has brought more turmoil to Turkey and shown how the conflict in neighboring Syria easily can spill over to threaten Europe's stability.
The mass shooting's bleak coda came into sharp relief Monday: Islamic State militants claimed the “heroic soldier” who gunned down revelers with a high-powered rifle at the jam-packed Reina nightclub as one of their own as police tried to find the fugitive, who is believed to have escaped in the mayhem he caused.
The assault that happened in the second hour of 2017 bookended another holiday season terror in Europe — the Dec. 19 attack at a Christmas market in Berlin. Both IS-linked assaults were carried out with the simple, low-tech approach that seems to be gaining favor with extremists.
In Berlin, a Tunisian extremist drove a large truck into the crowded market, killing 12. The Istanbul gunman killed a police officer and security guard outside the nightclub, then opened fire with an automatic rifle inside, leaving a total of 39 dead and dozens wounded.
This is the reality facing Europe as the Islamic State group loses territory in Syria and Iraq, but maintains followers, returning fighters and sleeper cells in the West eager to launch attacks.
___
POSSIBLE REASONS FOR THE ATTACK
The Islamic State group has many countries in its sights, and has claimed credit for high-profile attacks on France, Germany and Belgium while threatening Britain time and again. Turkey, which shares a large, porous border with Syria, is an appealing target because it is a NATO ally of the United States that has attacked IS positions in both Syria and Iraq.
For IS militants facing the loss of territory that comprises part of their self-proclaimed caliphate, carrying out successful attacks in other countries is an important reminder that the group still is a force to be reckoned with — and feared. And it is relatively easy for IS sympathizers to infiltrate Turkey and to move around in densely populated urban areas.
The Reina nightclub might have been chosen because it is popular with an international clientele and well-to-do locals, including many from the worlds of entertainment and sports. It also serves alcohol, which is prohibited on IS-held territory. The Reina had a strong security detail, but the gunman opened fire on a policeman and a civilian outside the club and quickly gained entry.
Once inside, it was not difficult to claim many victims. But his ability to kill so many and still elude police is worrisome — and has left Turkey on edge.
___
TURKEY'S VULNERABILITY
Turkey's location as a crossroads linking Europe and the Middle East has made it susceptible to rising tensions and rival factions throughout the region and brought in a huge number of migrants trying to get to western Europe.
Before the nightclub shootings, the country already had endured attacks from Islamic State militants and Kurdish separatists. There were dozens of substantial attacks last year alone as extremists tried to spread instability and damage the important tourist industry.
The list reads like a primer on modern terror tactics: a coordinated attack on the Istanbul airport in June that killed 44, a January suicide bombing that killed 12 German tourists, an August suicide attack on a Kurdish wedding party that killed at least 51 celebrants, and many others.
The cycle of violence, and a failed military coup in July that claimed about 270 lives, has led President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to take a more authoritarian approach. The government is also seeking to crack down on websites and social media users who praise extremist actions.
___
HOW CAN EUROPE PREVENT MORE ATTACKS?
Shifting extremist tactics have created new challenges for security agencies. Police and intelligence agencies say that “soft” public targets like nightclubs and sporting events are virtually impossible to comprehensively defend; there are too many of them. And as the Berlin, Istanbul and earlier attacks in France and Belgium brutally illustrated, a person with an automatic weapon or a heavy truck is armed with deadly force.
Extra layers of security, and some impregnable physical barriers, were added at some European landmarks for New Year's Eve celebrations to prevent a repeat of the Berlin attack, but it would not be possible to protect every popular club in every city and town.
The potential targets are plentiful and symbolic: In Berlin, a Christmas market long part of the city's festive tradition, in Istanbul, a New Year's party that represents Turkey's partial embrace of Western-style revelry.
The Berlin gunman escaped the scene and managed to cross into France and then Italy, where he was shot dead by police in a confrontation near Milan. In Istanbul, police say they have the gunman's fingerprints and a general description. Turkish officials said Tuesday they are close to being able to identify him, but where he remains at large is unknown.
We Lost Our Heads Vs Liverpool, Says Roma Manager Eusebio Di Francesco
AS Roma's manager Eusebio Di Francesco said that his team lost their heads in the 5-2 defeat by Liverpool in their Champions League, semi-final, first-leg at Anfield on Tuesday but added that his team had to believe they could turn the tie around.
“We had an excellent start but then we lost our heads and the ability to stay in the game and so we got ourselves into difficulty,” he told reporters.
“We really weren't good for 50 minutes and we lost all the challenges and duels and couldn't even make simple five yard passes,” said the Italian whose team had been 5-0 down.
But two goals in the final nine minutes – an Edin Dzeko strike and a Diego Perotti penalty — gave Roma hope they could make an unlikely comeback at the Stadio Olimpico next Wednesday.
“We have to believe for the return game. You have to believe because in football everything is possible, even if it will not be easy,” said Di Francesco.
“I don't want to hear about ‘miracles' because it is about believing in your work and what we do. It is going to be different from the Barça game, it will be tougher. But whoever doesn't believe should stay at home,” he added.
The post We Lost Our Heads Vs Liverpool, Says Roma Manager Eusebio Di Francesco appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rop repeats as Firecracker champ
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-20', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 20', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-25', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 25', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-30', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 30', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-35', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 35', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-38', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 38', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
BETHEL — Glarius Rop began to distance himself from the rest of the field at the 53rd annual John DeMille Firecracker 8k road race by the second mile-marker. By the time he reached the Sycamore Drive-In Restaurant and the third mile-marker, he was so far ahead he could have stopped for a milkshake.
The 34-year-old Rop, a native of Kenya who now hails from Agawam, Mass., won his second consecutive Firecracker title in dominant fashion, finishing in 26:34 Wednesday.
“My goal was to take it easy at the beginning and see how much everyone else had at the end,” he said with a broad smile only moments after crossing the finish line in front of the Clifford J. Hurgin Municipal Center. Amazingly, he showed almost no ill effects of running roughly five miles at a machine-like 5:21 pace in excruciating heat and humidity.
Runner-up honors went to 28-year-old Kevin Hoyt of Newtown, who surrged late and finished in 27:12. He was followed by 20-year-old Christopher Rivas of Brookfield in 27:20 and 27-year-old Craig Hunt of New Milford in 27:47.
Hunt was the one runner who hung with Rop for the first couple miles before dropping back a bit. Rop stretched his lead on a downhill stretch at roughly the halfway point and ran alone from then on.
More Information 53rd-annual John DeMille Firecracker 8k July 4, Bethel Top 25 finishers 1. Glarius Rop, Agawam, Mass., 26:34; 2. Kevin Hoyt, Newtown, 27:12; 3. Christopher Rivas, Brookfield, 27:20; 4. Craig Hunt, New Milford, 27:47; 5. Hunter McIntyre, 29:22; 6. Ryan McNerney, Sandy Hook, 30:05; 7. Edward Soriano, Bethel, 30:25; 8. Rob Doyle, Bethel, 30:30; 9. Anna Shields, Harwinton, 30:37; 10. Nick Fraticelli, Danbury, 30:59; 11. Maria Moraes, Danbury, 31:36; 12. Joshua Cordeira, Bethel, 31:38; 13. Nick Kulhay, Brookfield, 32:48; 14. Auguste Smith, Bethel, 32:59; 15. Dillon Bell, Bethel, 33:27; 16. Eric Ciocca, Northampton, Mass., 33:40; 17. Manoel Leal, Danbury, 33:52; 18. Xander Goodwin, Bethel, 33:57; 19. Haroon Chaudhry, Hamden, 34:06; 20. Kayla Cohen, New Fairfield, 34:13; 21. Hazel Hudson, New Fairfield, 34:27; 22. Justin Krasovetz, Bethel, 34:36; 23. Jeff Zanchelli, Bethel, 34:57; 24. Mary Hartman, Danbury, 35:04; 25. Robert Burbank, Newtown, 35:08. Complete results available at FastTrackTiming.com.
“My competitor was really strong in the beginning, and I was getting concerned,” Rop said. “But I knew the race was a long way to go.”
The top female finisher was 27-year-old Anna Shields of Harwinton, who placed ninth overall in 30:37. The former cross-country and track and field standout at Lewis Mills High School in Burlington won the State Open titles in the 3,200 and 1,600 meters as a senior in 2008. Before that, she won her first Firecracker title in 2006.
“It's a great race,” she said. “It's hard, but it's fun. And there's always a great crowd.”
Runner-up honors in the women's race went to 44-year-old Maria Moraes of Danbury, who placed 11th in 31:36. She was followed by 16-year-old Kayla Cohen of New Fairfield, who placed 20th in 34:13. Cohen, a cross-country and track and field standout at New Fairfield High School, placed 15th at the State Open cross country championships last fall.
The heat, which steadily crept toward 90 degrees throughout the morning, was an added factor for every runner Wednesday.
“Throughout the race, you're just hoping you're not going to crack with the heat,” Shields said. “You're running through every sprinkler, and I was pouring water on myself. I knew when I hit a mile to go that I was good. There are some hills in that last mile, but it makes the finish feel even better.”
rgregory@newstimes.com; Twitter @DanburySports
WASHINGTON — Meteorologists say 2017 has been so wild the U.S. so far has tied a record for weather disasters that topped $1 billion in damages.
There have been 15 costly disasters through September, tying 2011 for the most billion-dollar weather disasters for the first nine months of a year. The record for a year is 16, and the hurricane season is not over yet.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration released the figures Friday that include hurricanes, wildfires, tornadoes, severe storms, drought and a freeze.
NOAA climate scientist Adam Smith says 2017 is shaping up to be an unprecedented year.
Experts blame man-made climate change and more people living in disaster-prone zones for an increase in billion-dollar weather disasters, which are adjusted for inflation.
Manchester United's Nemanja Matic, left, gets past West Ham United's Arthur Masuaku during the English Premier League soccer match between Manchester United and West Ham United at Old Trafford in Manchester, England, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Dave Thompson AP Photo
Steve Kerr reaffirms desire to coach Warriors ‘for a long time'
Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr is not going to let his health hinder his coaching.
Kerr confirmed Wednesday that he intends to keep coaching the Warriors despite the back troubles that kept him out for much of the playoffs.
“I'm planning to coach for a long time,” Kerr said, via ESPN. “This kind of stuff happens very rarely in the NBA where you get a group of players this talented who are together in their primes. It's so rare I know exactly how lucky I am.
“I love it, I love the group, I love coaching them every day, and this is what I want to do for a long time. That's the plan, so I just got to keep pushing forward.”
Kerr has made clear in the past that he intends to coach as long as he is able. That's good to hear, because it means that, at least for the moment, he's feeling good.
JERA acquires stake in India's ReNew Power
Japanese energy giant JERA has acquired a 10% stake in ReNew Power Ventures for $200m, to foray into the Indian energy sector.
JERA's equity investment values the Indian renewable energy firm, founded six years ago, at $2bn.
ReNew Power chairman and CEO said: “Their (JERA) belief and investment in us further reinforces our capabilities and commitment towards changing the future of India through transforming our country's energy landscape.
“ReNew Power will continue to focus on developing sustainable and innovative solar and wind energy solutions and investing in high-quality projects to create positive returns for our stakeholders.”
JERA's investment comes within one month of a $390m package granted by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) to ReNew Power for renewable energy projects in India.
ReNew Power was initially funded by Goldman Sachs which remains its majority shareholder. Other investors of the Indian renewable energy company are Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, Asian Development Bank and Global Environmental Fund.
Goldman Sachs private equity in Asia co-head Ankur Sahu said: “An investment from a preeminent organization like JERA is an important corporate milestone. From our first round of funding to found the company just six years ago, ReNew Power has successfully grown to become one of the largest, fastest-growing and well-funded renewable energy companies in India.
“As the company embarks on its next phase of growth, on behalf of all existing shareholders, we welcome JERA as our latest strategic partner.”
In April last year, ReNew Power became the first energy firm in India to achieve 1GW of operational wind and solar energy capacity. The company in November 2016 won a contract to install renewable energy capacity of 5MW throughout India for the Indian Railways.
A mysterious thumb turned up Monday in a yard near Lake Oconee in Putnam County. In this picture, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills holds the digit in question. Courtesy of Putnam County Sheriff's Office
Johnson & Johnson was assigned 67 percent of the compensation payout, with the rest distributed among other defendants.
Johnson & Johnson said it's disappointed in the decision and will appeal.
“We will continue to defend the safety of our product because it does not contain asbestos or cause mesothelioma,” Johnson & Johnson said in statement.
Anderson, 66, claimed Johnson & Johnson failed to adequately warn consumers that its powder contains asbestos and could cause cancer.
Johnson & Johnson “engaged in a multi-decade campaign wherein they hid testing data” from regulators, altered reports to make them more favorable and lied to consumers, said Chris Panatier, one of Anderson's trial attorneys.
Similar allegations have led to hundreds of lawsuits against the New Jersey-based company. Jury awards have totaled hundreds of millions of dollars.
Last year, a judge in Los Angeles tossed out a $417 million jury award to a woman who claimed she developed ovarian cancer by using Johnson & Johnson baby powder for feminine hygiene.
The judge granted the company's motion for a new trial, saying there wasn't convincing evidence that Johnson & Johnson acted with malice and the award for damages was excessive.
“Over the past 50 years, multiple independent, non-litigation driven scientific evaluations have been conducted by respected academic institutions and government bodies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and none have found that the talc in Johnson's Baby Powder contains asbestos,” the company said Thursday.
President Donald Trump made a series of cryptic remarks during a pre-dinner photo session with his top military advisers and their spouses Thursday night in the State Dining Room of the White House.
As photographers snapped pictures and recorded video, Trump asked reporters: "You guys know what this represents?"
“Maybe it's the calm before the storm,” he said, answering his own question.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump: 'Maybe It's the Calm Before the Storm' 0:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"What's the storm?" one reporter asked.
“Could be the calm before the storm,” he repeated.
It was not immediately clear whether Trump was referring to one of a handful of thorny military or foreign policy areas — North Korea, the fight against ISIS, Iran's nuclear program, or the recent deaths of three U.S. soldiers in Niger — or simply making a joke about the dinner to follow.
"We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that. And uh, we're gonna have a great evening, thank you all for coming."
"What storm, Mr. President?" NBC News' Kristen Welker asked again.
"You'll find out," Trump replied, before reporters were ushered out of the room.
NBC News has reached out to the White House for comment.
In remarks to military leaders at the event, Trump thanked them and spoke of “pressing national security issues facing our country,” according to an official White House transcript.
“Recently, we have had challenges that we really should have taken care of a long time ago, like North Korea, Iran, Afghanistan, ISIS, and the revisionist powers that threaten our interests all around the world,” Trump said.
“Tremendous progress has been made with respect to ISIS, and I guess the media is going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time.”
The mystery continued into Friday. Trump, asked again during a brief session with U.S. manufacturers what he meant the night before, said only that "you'll find out" and winked.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders wouldn't comment on what Trump meant either.
"As we've said many times before...we're never going to say in advance what the president is going to do," she said during a press briefing Friday. "You'll have to wait and see."
"You can take the president protecting the American people very seriously," Sanders added. "And if he feels that action is necessary, he'll take it."
San Antonio police investigators surround a Dodge Charger in the parking lot of AllStars Gentleman's Club, where an off-duty police officer was shot six times after a road rage incident. WOAI Video screenshot
Abubakar architect of Nigeria's current democracy – APC
Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, National Chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC), has described former Head of State, retired Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar, as architect of Nigeria`s current democratic dispensation. He stated this on Wednesday in Abuja in the party`s congratulatory message to Abubakar on his 75th birthday. The chairman said that Abubakar was a first-class nationalist, detribalised leader…
The post Abubakar architect of Nigeria's current democracy – APC appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Diego Costa set to sign £220,000-a-week deal at Chelsea
Chelsea striker Diego Costa is set to put speculation linking him with a transfer away from the club behind him by signing a new contract.
The Blues are ready to make the Spain international their best paid player by offering him a new deal worth £220,000-a-week, according to The Sun .
Costa, aged 28, will be handed a new five-year deal that will see him pocket £57m over the course of the contract. And that figure could rise to £65m will bonuses.
That will still be a lot less than the £30m-a-year offer he reportedly received from Chinese Super League side Tianjin Quanjin last month.
Costa was dropped for a Premier League game against champions Leicester City and trained alone for a week amid reports that he was keen to take up the offer of move to China.
Midfielder Cesc Fabregas – who is not a regular starter under head coach Antonio Conte – is currently Chelsea's highest paid player.
On Tuesday, June 14, the Coffee Break News crew brings you the latest Connecticut news, including a man shooting himself in a Milford park, a bank robbery in Darien and much more.
We also bring you the forecast and a Nutmeg Sports Update. Donald Eng will take a look back on this day in history.
Watch the Wednesday, June 14 show below:
Rodney McAree was on hand to kick off this year's BetMcLean.com League Cup competition.
McAree led Dungannon Swifts to the first piece of major silverware in last year's tournament following their 3-1 win over Ballymena United.
Dungannon Swifts manager Rodney McAree pictured with competition sponsor Paul McLean from BetMcLean and NI Football League Manging Director Andrew Johnston.
The Swifts boss helped out with the first round draw on Wednesday morning alongside Paul McLean of sponsors BetMcLean, and he was delighted to be back at the scene of his triumph again.
"I've some great memories from Windsor Park after the League Cup final, and it's great to be back here again for the first round draw," said McAree.
"It was a great occasion for Dungannon Swifts and one which we thoroughly enjoyed.
"We want to kick on again this season but we know it will be extremely difficult and we can't be overconfident.
"We have to understand what we have achieved over the last 15 seasons to maintain our position in the Irish Premiership, which all starts with hard work.
"We have to make sure we deliver that week in, week out."
The BetMcLean.com League Cup action kicks off with four first round fixtures on Saturday 4 August, with the introduction of the remaining teams, including the Danske Bank Premiership clubs, for the second round later in the same month.
NI Football League Manging Director Andrew Johnston said: “The vision and dedication of BetMcLean has helped us lift the competition's profile during the first year of sponsorship last season.
“We're a month away from the start of the season with the BetMcLean League Cup kicking us off and we wish all clubs competing in the competition the best of luck for the season!”
Competition sponsor Paul McLean from BetMcLean said: “Following such a positive season of last year, we're looking forward to another successful BetMcLean League Cup competition.”
BetMcLean League Cup – First Round Draw
Lurgan Celtic v Armagh City
PSNI v Banbridge Town
Dundela v Knockbreda
Queen's University University v Lisburn Distillery
Fixtures to be played on Saturday 4 August.
Twelve clubs received byes into the second round of the competition, namely: Annagh United, Ballyclare Comrades, Banbridge Town, Dergview, Dollingstown, Larne, Limavady United, Loughgall, Moyola Park, Newington YC, Portstewart, Sport & Leisure Swifts, Tobermore United.
Transcript for North Korea remains defiant after its failed missile launch over the weekend
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
[August 14, 2017] New Invention Delivers Knock-Out Punch To Cyber-Crime
WEST HILLS, Calif., Aug. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new, unique concept in computer systems is hack proof! Fundamental Solutions [FSC], has invented a computer system that will eliminate cyber-crime. The unique system, according to George Jerome, founder of Fundamental Solutions [FSC] "will virtually make it impossible for a hacker, or cyber-criminal to get into the data storage areas of a completely new concept in computer systems." Mr. Jerome went on to comment that "the cost of cyber-crime will reach $2.1 Trillion by 2019. This is a staggering amount of lost money and assets that the world's economy can ill afford." The company's invention is in the early stages of development and expects to roll out its first equipment in early 2019. Mr. Jerome recognized that adding security software to today's computers was the wrong approach to ending cyber-crime. It's the hardware - the computer itself that is fundamentally flawed. Add to that, flawed operating systems, and we have the disaster we now call "hacking." A unique, new approach to the computer, a new type of operating system, eliminates the need for large amounts of software to fight the efforts of hackers. Viruses? Gone. Ransomware? Gone. Worms, malware, etc All gone. Cyber-crime will simply stop wherever FSC equipment is installed because hackers will have no possible access to the critical data storage components of a computer. Saving the industrialized world $2 Trillion per year will put Fundamental Solutions on the map as the most sought-after company on Earth. Who is at risk from hackers? Every company that uses computers and the internet for their business is at serious risk; AND every single person who logs onto the internet. Companies lose the value of their inventories, like Sony corporation did in 2014; Ebay had 145 million customers information stolen; the Conficker Worm, 2008 still infecting millions of computers; Home Depot, 2014 - 50 million credit cards data stolen; LinkedIn, 2016 -164 million accounts stolen; Anthem Health Care, 2015 - 78 million medical records stolen, HBO, 2017 had 1.5 terabytes of data stolen. The world can no longer afford this massive crime.
Mr. Jerome has a long history of developing solutions to problems, with 5 patents under his belt, and three more currently in the patent pending stage. He is a pilot, writer, inventor and avid collector of Declaration of Independence artifacts. The company is currently seeking an investment of $20 million for development, and launch of the first generation production. The company forecasts sales of equipment to exceed $1.5 Billion by 2022, and $10 Billion by 2025. Isn't it time to just stop cyber-criminality, once and for all? Mr. Jerome says he can, and will do that. MEDIA RELATIONS CONTACT DETAILS
Name: Mr. George Jerome
Company: Fundamental Solutions
Email: 171964@email4pr.com
Phone: (818) 388-1836
http://www.fundamental-solutions.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-invention-delivers-knock-out-punch-to-cyber-crime-300503738.html SOURCE Fundamental Solutions
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
A service member in the U.S.-led coalition battling the Islamic State group has died in a “non-combat related incident” in Iraq.
A statement from the U.S. military said the service member was killed on Monday, without providing further details. It did not identify the individual or give a nationality.
According to the Pentagon, there are 4,815 U.S. troops in Iraq, including special operations forces. They are mainly providing logistical and other support to Iraqi combat forces, but have been operating closer to the front lines as part of a massive operation to retake the IS-held city of Mosul.
Shipping and Passenger Information
Shipping lists are useful for finding information about passenger and shipping arrivals into New Zealand. There are lists of resources which can be used whether the date and place of arrival is known or unknown.
You may never be able to find out what ship brought your ancestors to New Zealand. Many records no longer exist and many more are not indexed and are not readily accessible. In general, the earlier your ancestor arrived (say before 1875), the more likely it is that you will find a passenger list. After 1900, far fewer lists have survived.
Try these websites first:
New Zealand, Immigration Passenger Lists (FamilySearch Historical Records) covering the period 1839 to 1973.
Find My Past across Australia and New Zealand covering 1788 to the late 1800s.
Papers Past Digitised New Zealand newspapers and periodicals published between 1839 and 1945.
Passenger lists in the Aotearoa New Zealand Centre
Index of passenger lists available in ANZC [488 KB PDF]
The Family History Centre, Central Library Manchester holds some passenger lists, mostly on microfilm and microfiche. Some of these lists are indexed by passenger name and some by ship name.
The Documentary Research Centre at Canterbury Museum holds lists, indexed by passenger, for shipping arrivals at Lyttelton in the early colonial period and Archives New Zealand in Christchurch has photocopies of some of the material we hold on microfilm. Archives New Zealand also provides a Migration Reference Guide to help identify their holdings for New Zealand shipping, immigration and emigration information.
Organised emigration in the 19th century was carried out by different authorities at different times and this has implications for the location of particular passenger lists.
From 1839 - 1853, the New Zealand Company brought passengers to Wellington, Nelson and New Plymouth (1839-50).
From 1848 - early 1850s the Otago Association brought passengers to Otago.
From 1850 - 1853 the Canterbury Association brought passengers to Canterbury. Auckland migration was on an ad hoc basis in this period.
From 1853 - 1870, each provincial government was responsible for immigration. Passenger lists are located in the papers of the various provincial councils.
In 1870, the central government, under Vogel, took over control of immigration. Passenger lists are located among the papers of the government departments responsible.
Use the following headings to guide you in your search:
CUTS ABLE TO CUT RATES FOR BUSINESSES – The Irish Time reports that local authorities are to be given the power to significantly reduce commercial rates for businesses in their areas as part of a move agreed by the Cabinet.
The paper says the long-sought measures will allow councils to introduce rate-alleviation schemes and potentially reduce the bills for companies across the State.
The changes follow reports of business owners facing three or fourfold increases in their rates following valuations of their premises in the wake of the crash in property prices and sharp recovery of recent years.
Minister for Housing Simon Coveney last week secured approval to repeal the legislation governing rates and replace it with a more modern system.
***
FUEL PRICES FALL FOR FIRST TIME IN SIX MONTHS – Petrol prices at the pumps have dipped for the first time in six months - and diesel is at the lowest price so far this year, the Irish Independent reports.
Petrol and diesel prices have fallen by an average of 1.1c per litre across the country, according to the latest monthly fuel prices survey from AA Ireland, which tracks prices on an ongoing basis.
On average, a litre of petrol now costs 136.6 cents at the pumps, with diesel selling at 126 cents a litre. In March petrol averaged 137.7 cents a litre and diesel was retailing at 127.1 cents.
It is the first time since September 2016 the price of a litre of petrol has fallen, while diesel has now dipped to its lowest level since the beginning of this year.
***
US ADMITS TRUMP TAX REFORMS WILL BE HIT BY HEALTHCARE SETBACK – The Financial Times reports that the US Treasury Secretary has conceded that the administration's timetable for ambitious tax reforms is set to slip following setbacks in negotiations with Congress over healthcare.
Steven Mnuchin said the target to get tax reforms through Congress and on President Donald Trump's desk before August was "highly aggressive to not realistic at this point".
"It started as [an] aggressive timeline," the former Goldman Sachs banker said in an interview with the Financial Times.
"It is fair to say it is probably delayed a bit because of the healthcare."
Ahead of meetings with finance ministers and central bankers in Washington this week, Mr Mnuchin also rejected fears that the Trump administration may be embarking on a new round of currency wars over the strength of the dollar following the president's public fretting last week.
NEW DANCE PRACTICES COURSE IN SCHOOL OF MUSIC, Spring 2017
Dance Practices for Musicians
Spring 2017
MUSI 4000-004 (CRN 35952) / 7000-004 (CRN 35959)
MWF 8:00-8:50 a.m. Hemmle Recital Hall
Instructor: staff
Course Description and Purpose:
Dance Practices for Musicians is an integrated approach to various branches of dance and dance-related bodywork, including vernacular forms, improvisation, and body-mind awareness. The goal of the class is to deepen the qualities of attention and concentration, to enhance health and well-being, and to increase physical and mental stamina in music performance and practice settings. Students engage both physically and critically with dance forms from North America and around the globe, situating dance as communication, personal expression, and human culture. Includes relevant material and practices from: basic anatomy; yoga/Pilates; warmup, stretching and massage; Laban/Bartenieff (body organization); social and partnered dances; partnering (weight sharing); improvisation.
Meets MWF 8-8:50am, Hemmle Recital Hall stage, School of Music
Open to All Music Majors; other majors by permission (contact linda.gregston@ttu.edu)
No prerequisites
Limited Enrollment
Suggested Dance Supplies:
Yoga mat; loose comfortable clothing suitable for movement
Expected Learning Outcomes:
Students will be able to lead themselves through a home dance practice including warmup, stretching and massage; yoga and Pilates; basic footwork and combinations; etc. Students will have a basic understanding of the body mechanics and cognitive processes involved in dance movement (Laban/Bartenieff) and how that understanding can be applied to musical practice and performance, including both instrumental and vocal activities.
Grading based upon attendance and participation.
More information and to reserve a seat: christopher.smith@ttu.edu
Court quashes decision to lock Susan Kihika out of race
The Standard
High Court Judge George Odunga has ruled that Political Parties Tribunal erred and acted against the law by barring Speaker Susan Kihika from Nakuru senatorial race. George Odunga said that the tribunal had no jurisdiction to hear and determine the …
and more »
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
Egyptian police have arrested 12 people at a protest against the transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
Security officials say the Monday arrests were made around the Journalists' Union building in central Cairo, where dozens of people, mostly lawyers and journalists, had gathered to demonstrate. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to brief reporters.
Last Thursday, state media reported that President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi's government approved the maritime border agreement and sent it to parliament for ratification despite a court ruling the deal unconstitutional.
The transfer was announced alongside a Saudi aid package last year, leading critics to condemn it as a land sell-off. The April signing of the agreement set off the largest demonstrations of el-Sissi's two-year rule.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Jazz Unlimited for October 8, 2017 will feature “The Music of Mal Waldron.” Pianist Mal Waldron was one of the great accompanists in jazz, playing with nearly everyone during his over 50-year career, including Billie Holiday, Charles Mingus, Teo Macero, Steve Lacy, John Coltrane, Eric Dolphy, Terence Blanchard & Donald Harrison, Abbey Lincoln, David Murray, Judy Niemack and Anthony Braxton. He composed over 400 tunes and we will hear two of these played by our own Hard Bop Heritage group and Dizzy Gillespie. He also composed music scores for at least four films.
The Slide Show has my photographs of some of the artists heard on this show.
This video is by Mal Waldron (p) Jackie McLean (as) Herbie Lewis (b) and Eddie Moore (d) playing Waldron's song "Left Alone" in Tokyo in 1986.
19:19 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 'Jewish Home will divide us' Read more Kulanu MK slams Jewish Home party for pushing for passage of Overrule Clause to bypass Supreme Court. ► ◄ Last Briefs
LANDOVER, Md. (AP) Josh Norman walked around toward the end of the Washington Redskins' season-ending 19-10 loss to the New York Giants on Sunday wanting to thank fans for showing up for what should have been a playoff-clinching victory over an opponent with nothing to play for.
Instead, the Redskins came out flat, Kirk Cousins threw two costly interceptions and they blew their virtual win-and-in opportunity to join the Giants in the playoffs.
”You don't come out and lose and like that,” Norman said. ”That right there was just disgusting, it was despicable. … That right there, it's not football.”
With control of its playoff hopes, Washington (8-7-1) lost two of its final three games and four of six down the stretch with a combination of horrendous starts, ill-timed mistakes and lackluster offense. Cousins was picked off in the second half twice Sunday by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, the second interception all but sealing the result.
Cousins was 22 of 35 for 287 yards with a touchdown and those two interceptions in what could be his final game with the Redskins after playing this season on the franchise tag.
”This isn't my first time dealing with this,” said Cousins, who was sacked a season-high four times. ”Tough times don't last; tough people do, right? I sound like a broken record, but I'm going to keep saying that until I retire.”
Redskins players complimented the Giants (11-5) for being ”the better team,” which was jarring given that they were locked into the NFC's first wild card with nothing at stake. Eli Manning played the entire game and was 17 of 27 for 180 yards as New York employed a conservative second-half approach and still came away with the victory.
The Giants will visit Green Bay, which won the NFC North, next weekend.
Coach Ben McAdoo called it ”a physical, hard-nosed football game against a hungry team on the road where we ran the ball, we stopped the run, we took care of the ball, and we took the ball away.”
For the Redskins, it was the ultimate failure with their season on the line.
”They just made more plays to win the game, and that's what good teams do,” defensive end Chris Baker said. ”Any time you have the situation in your hands to make it to the next level and you don't capitalize on that, it's a disappointment.
NEXT EPISODE
Norman and Odell Beckham Jr. added another dramatic chapter to their always contentious and ever-eventful rivalry. The Redskins cornerback, who entered tied for the most penalties in the NFL, was flagged for two more Sunday.
Norman shoved Beckham out of bounds in the second quarter and slammed his facemask into the Giants receiver's facemask for an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty in the third.
”It's the game,” Norman said. ”You can't tell referees what to say, what to do, what to call.”
McAdoo said he used a ”coach's decision” to remove Beckham in the third quarter after five catches for 44 yards, while keeping Manning in.
BIG-TIME TAVARRES
Replacing Beckham in the third quarter, Giants receiver Tavarres King caught a 44-yard pass from Manning late in the fourth to set up Robbie Gould's 48-yard field goal. King came in with three catches for 19 yards in his career, and one for 6 yards this season.
”It was just what the doctor ordered,” McAdoo said. ”It was something we saw in the series before. We saw TK had an advantage.”
CLOCKED OUT
Despite being down 10-0 and not getting the ball out of halftime, the Redskins wasted a lot of time late in the second quarter. They didn't get the snap off before the two-minute warning and wasted 16 seconds by not calling a timeout when Chris Thompson slipped in bounds later in the drive. The series ended with a 57-yard field goal attempt by Dustin Hopkins that sailed wide left.
NOTABLE
Redskins kicker Dustin Hopkins claimed sole possession of the franchise record for field goals in a season in the third quarter with his 34th. … The Giants set a season high in rushing yards with 161. … Redskins linebacker Ryan Kerrigan left the game with a right finger injury.
UP NEXT
Giants: A wild-card playoff game next weekend.
Redskins: Preparing for the offseason.
—
AP Pro Football Writer Howard Fendrich contributed.
—
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
Talking about everything from his work and research with bonefish on the island of Eleuthera to his start in fly fishing in British Columbia, Travis van Leeuwen, PhD of the Cape Eleuthera Institute in The Bahamas, sits down for a two part interview on ChiWulff. His advice for anglers: “Get involved within your local communities, sponsor a children's fishing day and help educate the youth about fly-fishing and the possibilities associated with fly-fishing (travel, research scientist jobs, guiding, lodge owner etc.).”
Share
Schaeffler is the main sponsor of the Audi Sport ABT Formula E team, so the company has access to the appropriate hardware. It took four electric motors from the FE01 race car and stuffed them into the RS3. The motors produce a combined 1,180 horsepower. That makes the 400 hp produced by the RS3's stock 2.5-liter turbocharged inline-five seem positively timid.
Dubbed 4ePerformance, the electric RS3 can reach 124 mph from a standstill in 7 seconds, according to Schaeffler. The company didn't mention a 0 to 60 mph time, but we reckon the 4ePerformance can do the job a bit quicker than Audi's claim of 3.9 seconds for the stock RS3.
Besides the raw power, the electric RS3 should possess decent agility. Two motors power each axle, giving the car all-wheel drive (this is an Audi, after all) and gearboxes at both axles enable torque vectoring. This means power can be shifted side to side to help nudge the car around corners. Two battery packs with a total capacity of 64 kilowatt hours power the car, and Schaeffler appears to have used the bodywork from the Audi RS3 LMS race car as well.
Audi previously tried to build and market its own all-electric performance car, the R8 e-tron, but production ended after just a few examples were built. The German automaker is now focusing its attention on the more practical e-tron SUV, which is expected to launch later this year. Audi will likely introduce additional all-electric models after that as part of parent Volkswagen Group's electrification push.
Formula E is attracting more manufacturers. The field already includes the likes of Audi, BMW, and Jaguar, with Mercedes-Benz and Porsche set to join the series as well. Nissan will also replace its alliance partner Renault in Formula E. As automakers also launch more electric road cars, Formula E will likely grow in importance as a marketing tool.
Facebook's virtual reality company, Oculus, isn't having the best start to 2017.
First, the company lost a $500 million lawsuit stemming from allegations of intellectual property theft. And now, there are reports that as many as 200 Oculus demo stations will be closing at Best Buy.
Facebook founder and CEO,Mark Zuckerberg, demonstrates an Oculus Rift virtual reality (VR) headset and Oculus Touch controllers as the gives a demonstration during the Oculus Connect 3 event in San Jose, Calif., on Oct. 6, 2016. David Paul Morris / Bloomberg/Getty Images
While an Oculus representative said the closures were due to "seasonal changes," Business Insider reported an internal memo from a third-party contractor that said the changes were due to "store performance."
"We're making some seasonal changes and prioritizing demos at hundreds of Best Buy locations in larger markets. You can still request Rift demos at hundreds of Best Buy stores in the U.S. and Canada," Oculus spokeswoman Andrea Schubert told NBC News.
Related: Facebook to Pay $500 Million Over Virtual Reality Lawsuit
"We still believe the best way to learn about VR is through a live demo. We're going to find opportunities to do regular events and pop-ups in retail locations and local communities throughout the year," she said. Oculus still has 300 demo locations in Best Buy and various other opportunities around the U.S.
Too Awkward to Demo?
Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, said the shift doesn't necessarily mean there is a lack of interest.
"VR is in its infancy and you can segment it today into mobile, PC, and console," he said. Since Oculus is PC-based virtual reality, it is "the most real but the hardest to set up."
"I don't necessarily see this as evidence that consumers aren't interested in PC VR," said Moorhead. "I see this as Best Buy not necessarily being the best place to show off PC VR in its current state."
"We're always testing, trying and changing things in our stores to give our customers the best opportunity to experience and shop for technology," Best Buy told NBC News. "We'll continue to have Oculus demos at hundreds of stores across the country, and stores that no longer have demos will continue to have Rift headsets and Touch controllers available for purchase."
The Half-Billion-Dollar Lawsuit
While the shift may reflect the growing pains that come with an industry still in its infancy, Oculus faced a setback earlier this month when it lost a $500 million lawsuit over allegations of intellectual property theft.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified during the trial that he was not aware of intellectual property claims against Oculus when Facebook purchased the startup for $2 billion in 2014.
At issue was whether Oculus founder Palmer Luckey "commercially exploited" code and trade secrets from video game maker ZeniMax to build his product.
According to the lawsuit, the Oculus Rift headset was "primitive" until John Carmack — who founded a company owned by ZeniMax — began working with Oculus, where he was allegedly able to improve on the headset by using knowledge from his previous work under ZeniMax.
Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook's chief operating officer, told CNBC she was "disappointed in certain elements of the decision." She said Facebook was "considering our options to appeal," and the verdict was "not material to our financials."
Brighter Horizon?
While both incidents haven't made for the smoothest start to 2017, there is one big positive on the horizon for Oculus. Mark Zuckerberg recently announced he was hiring Hugo Barra, a former Google and Xiaomi executive, to head up virtual reality at Facebook.
"Hugo shares my belief that virtual and augmented reality will be the next major computing platform," Zuckerberg said last month. "They'll enable us to experience completely new things and be more creative than ever before. Hugo is going to help build that future, and I'm looking forward to having him on our team."
Zuckerberg also shared his excitement on Thursday, posting new photos of the technology being developed inside Oculus' research lab in Redmond, Washington.
"The goal is to make VR and AR what we all want it to be: glasses small enough to take anywhere, software that lets you experience anything, and technology that lets you interact with the virtual world just like you do with the physical one," he wrote.
Zuckerberg called Facebook's action "an enforcement error" and apologized, but that did little to quiet the broader narrative among some on the right that the platform silences conservative voices.
The success of conservative media on Facebook, however, paints a different picture.
According to a 2017 report from social media analysis company NewsWhip, conservative news organizations and commentators have done extremely well on Facebook. There are more than three times as many conservative publishers than liberal publishers on Facebook, and they receive more than 2.5 times the engagement on the social media platform than those who push opposing viewpoints.
"The organizations that are doing more sensationalist headlines are suffering on Facebook, but more conservative organizations like Breitbart and the Daily Wire have really passionate audiences who are sharing their content and that's bearing out in the data," said Gabriele Boland, NewsWhip's manager of content strategy and communications.
NewsWhip data shows that Breitbart, the Independent Journal Review (IJR), TheBlaze, Daily Caller, Daily Wire and Gateway Pundit — all conservative outlets — get significant engagement returns through their use of Facebook, often dwarfing similar liberal sites.
Many right-wing commentators have increased their personal brands most successfully on Facebook: more than 2.5 million people follow alt-right provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos on the platform and 1.7 million people liked the page belonging to InfoWars publisher Alex Jones.
More recently, conservative writers such as Ben Shapiro and Ryan Saavedra, who work at the Daily Wire, have seen incredible returns on Facebook, making them some of the most engaged reporters on the social media platform.
TORONTO — It was nearly a superhero feat for Toronto artist James Raiz ahead of Friday's opening of “Avengers: Infinity War.”
In only a month, he had to draw a towering mural and capture the entire creative process on video for an international, in-theatre “Avengers: Infinity War” art installation.
And he did it all in the basement of his home, where he lives with his wife and three children.
“I pretty much had the camera going 24 hours a day, no sleep,” Raiz, 39, said in a phone interview.
“In the end it turned out to be around 250 hours of work crammed into that month. A lot of work to put it together, for sure. I didn't leave the house for about a month.”
Measuring roughly five metres wide and five metres high, the installation has two sides and is in Scotiabank Theatre Toronto as well as cinemas in China and the U.S.
One side has screens showing him drawing the entire piece. The other is a mural representing characters in each of the 18 Marvel Cinematic Universe films.
“You can't do this project without being a fan,” Raiz said.
“To put all that work in a matter of a month, unless the money is insane, it's really hard to do.”
Raiz grew up in Brampton, Ont., and thought he would become a doctor, until he realized art was his passion.
“My mom was like, ‘Can't you just do that on the weekends, after surgery?”‘ he recalled with a laugh.
“So I made I deal with my mom: ‘Let me go to school for this, and if I can't find a job after I'll get back into medicine.”‘
Twenty years later, he's still working as a professional artist, focusing on comic-book characters that have a realistic, cinematic feel.
His YouTube channel, TheBoxOfficeArtist, has over 66,000 followers.
Raiz was commissioned to do the “Avengers: Infinity War” installation after creating a major “Star Wars” mural for his YouTube channel that got the attention of Marvel president Kevin Feige.
It was also praised on social media by some “Star Wars” cast members, including Mark Hamill, Peter Mayhew and Ian McDiarmid.
Raiz started the “Avengers” installation with hand drawings, using pen and ink on bristol board. He then scanned the images and coloured them digitally.
“They were really supportive in whatever I wanted to do,” Raiz said of Disney. “I would say this whole piece is almost completely my vision.”
One of the biggest challenges was trying to nail the facial features of the actors.
“I found that drawing Scarlett Johansson's face was a bit of a challenge for me, especially because I drew it small,” he said.
Then there was the “extreme pressure” of putting his work out there for fervent “Avengers” fans around the world.
“There are going to be people online who are going to go over everything with a fine-toothed comb,” he said with a laugh.
“It's always a worry but at the same time, I'm just happy that I got this opportunity to draw something like this for Marvel. If this is the last piece I ever do, I'm happy.
“To be able to touch every single movie, doing a big mural like this — what could possibly top this at this point?”
——
Online:
https://www.youtube.com/user/TheBoxOfficeArtist
A team of ecologists at the University of Toledo is getting some funding to study flagship species of the Oak Openings region.
The funding is part of a two-year, $400,000 state wildlife grant from Ohio and Michigan.
Their study will focus on the productivity and survival of red-headed woodpeckers, eastern box turtles and spotted turtles.
Work is set to begin this spring.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
At the outset of 2015, DJ Premier made a huge announcement. The iconic producer, DJ, and one half of Gang Starr had formed a new five-piece band. “When we put the band together, the key to any relationship is that you vibe together in a way that you can make magic happen,” explains Premier. “That's what happened to me and Guru, that's what must continue with anybody I connect with.”
In 2015, Premier & The BADDER Band; Brady Watt (Bass), Lenny “The Ox” Reece (Drums), Takuya Kuroda (Horns/Keys), and Mark Williams (Trombone/Keys) hit Japan for a national tour and premiered their first studio track and video with Rolling Stone.
With DJ Premier behind the turntables, mixer, and laptop, the band jammed out grooves, ranging from more obscure Preemo productions (Ill Bill, Skyzoo & Torae) to rarely performed relics (Jeru The Damaja, Lord Finesse), to hip-hop influencers (Curtis Mayfield). Now, that same energy, chemistry, and historic extension of DJ Premier's career will be on full display for 18-new cities.
The five-piece band improvises, often providing some nuances that vary sets from night to night. Having the band not only affords Premier the ability to honor cult-championed songs, but he showcases the musicality of Rap. “My addiction is turntables, drum machines, guitars, amps, and a lot of speakers,” Preem admits. “I have fun doing a whole bunch of different styles with the band, because they fall into place so well, with everything that we've brought into the picture, no matter what it is.”
Gang Starr is a backbone of the show. Honoring his longtime partner Guru, DJ Premier continues to wave the flag. “I miss that dude so much, and we have a long and undeniable track record,” says Premier. The new tour and expanded tour dates will enable Premier and The BADDER Band to play deeper cuts from the legendary duo, including the poignant Hard To Earn gem “Mostly The Voice.” While the fan favorites and hits are woven in, the sets allow deeper consideration. “I get to do rare Gang Starr records, not just ‘Mass Appeal,' and it works.”
Approaching 30 years crafting hip-hop's soundtrack, DJ Premier is invigorated through his band-mates. “I have to still preserve the sound of the city. Especially coming from Texas, that was my goal to gain acceptance in New York City, and I did that before money or tours.”
A quarter century since his debut album, one of hip-hop's unanimously heralded “nice guys” remains as fierce as ever with his craft. With his expansive listening tastes, Preemo has been a critical bridge in Rap's generation gap. He curates and provides the yearly BET Awards Cyphers, which have included Premier supporters ranging from Eminem and Kendrick Lamar to Joey Bada$$ and A$AP Mob and he also oversees and curates the music for the wildly successful NBA2K video game. In addition, Premier currently directs the score and serves as executive music producer for VH1's original hip-hop series, The Breaks, which received rave reviews and tremendous ratings.
In addition to ongoing rumors of a potential full album with Nas and his own blockbuster debut album Preemo will be deeply active in upcoming projects from some of his closest associates and longtime collaborators; including Compton O.G. MC Eiht (Premier produced 4 tracks and executive produced Eiht's forthcoming Which Way Iz West) and is also finalizing the debut project, Flow Riiot, from the latest addition to his roster—Torii Wolf—and the second installment for his collaborative group effort with Royce Da 5'9” (otherwise known as PRhyme).
DJ Premier and The BADDER Band will depart for a 16-city tour starting May 31st in Victoria, BC and concluding June 23rd in Philadelphia. “This tour with the The BADDER Band is a different approach to what my live DJ set brings to the stage” Premier exclaims. “It brings my fans a new outlook into a lot of songs that are not usually performed and it is a fun new ride witnessing how I blend turntable skill with live instruments; by adding a drummer, bass player, trumpet and trombone to the stage. You'll never forget what a great high energy show you saw after the curtain closes. We get busy!”
DJ Premier & The BADDER Band Tour Dates:
May.31 – Wed – Victoria, BC- Distrik Nightclub
June.1 – Thur – Vancouver, BC- Venue
June.2 – Fri – Seattle, WA- Nuemos
June.3 – Sat – Portland, OR- Star Theater
June.7 – Wed- Sacramento, CA- Harlow's
June.8 – Thur – San Francisco, CA- The Regency Ballroom
June.9 – Fri – Solana Beach, CA- Belly Up
June.10 – Sat – Los Angeles, CA- El Rey Theater
June.11 – Sun – Costa Mesa, CA- Constellation Room
June.14 – Wed – Denver, CO- Bluebird
June.15 – Thur – Kansas City, MO- Riot Room
June.16 -Fri – St. Louis, MO- Ready Room
June.17- Sat- Chicago, IL- Concord
June.18- Sun- Detroit, MI- Magic Stick
June.21- Wed- Montreal, Quebec- Astral
June.22- Thur- Boston, MA- Brighton Music Hall
June.23- Fri- Philadelphia, PA- Coda
Carlos Santana has angered the Beyhive.
The legendary guitarist seemingly dissed Beyonce in an interview with Australian media following the Grammys Sunday night when he said Beyonce was "very beautiful to look at" but "not a singer, singer."
Santana says he was only trying to congratulate Adele on her big win for Album of the Year when he made the statement.
In the interview, Santana told the Australian Associated Press, "I think that Adele won because she can sing sing...With all respect to our sister Beyonce, Beyonce is very beautiful to look at and it's more like modelling kind of music – music to model a dress – she's not a singer, singer, with all respect to her."
He added: Adele “doesn't bring all the dancers and props, she can just stand there and she just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why she wins.”
That statement did not go over well with the Beyhive.
"The fact that Carlos Santana said those comments after he's performed on stage with Beyonce at halftime and witnessed her talent is baffling," said one Twitter user.
"Carlos Santana is TRASH about those @Beyonce comments! Especially since he's one (won) all his Grammys for someone else's vocals!" said another.
Carlos Santana is TRASH about those @Beyonce comments! Especially since he's won all his Grammys for someone else's vocals!🚮 — Dominick Deveraux (@Sir_Deveraux) February 15, 2017
Santana clarified his stance on Facebook Tuesday , writing that his “intent was to congratulate Adele” and that his comment about Beyonce “was regretfully taken out of context.” He adds that he has “the utmost respect” for Beyonce.
"She deserves all the accolades that come her way."
-With files for the Associated Press
A man was cut free from his car after it collided with a lamppost in the early hours of today.
Firefighters from Durham Fire Station were called to the A690 and A1 roundabout at Carrville at 4.30am.
A 32-year-old man inside an Audi A3 was trapped in his vehicle following the crash, with cutting equipment used to free him from the wreckage.
He was not seriously hurt, but was taken to hospital by ambulance as a precaution.
House Agriculture Committee Chairman Mike Conaway, R-Texas, joined at left by Vice Chairman Glenn Thompson, R-Pa., announces the new farm bill, officially known as the 2018 Agriculture and Nutrition Act, at a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, April 12, 2018. The bulk of the bill's spending goes toward funding SNAP, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. J. Scott Applewhite AP Photo
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
1:51 Gardner pleased with her Mercer team
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
What was the last text you sent your spouse? "Have a good day." "Can you grab milk on your way home?" "I'll pick up the kids today."
It may be time to get your mind out of your to-do list and into the gutter.
As an out-and-proud sexter, I was curious whether others in my circle had the same penchant for swapping sexy texts with their partners. An informal poll of my own friends and Twitter followers revealed that I'm not alone: about 85 percent of them have sent or received a sexually explicit message. A much more formal study, published in the journal Computers in Human Behavior, found that 75 percent of young adults claimed to have engaged in sexting in general, while 62 percent said they had sent or received a sexually-explicit picture message.
Half of sexters report that it positively influences their sexual and emotional relationships with a partner. Half of sexters report that it positively influences their sexual and emotional relationships with a partner.
While sexting may seem like a flirty form of communication mostly used by people looking for a fling, it turns out that those who benefit the most from sending steamy messages are actually in long-term, committed relationships. The study revealed that both men and women reported greater “positive consequences” from sexting in committed relationships than in casual ones. Further, about half of sexters reported that it “positively influenced their sexual and emotional relationships with a partner.” Research also shows that those in a committed relationship who sent sexual pictures to their partners reported more positive sexual and emotional outcomes than those in casual relationships.
The data may be intriguing, but in reality, the act of sexting is much easier said than done. We're human: We fear rejection, we're protective of our reputations, and let's be real — talking and typing about sex (or sexy things) can make even the most confident among us blush. So, how do you know if it's right for you?
When Your Relationship Might Benefit From Sexting
While any couple can reap the benefits of spicing up their text messages, some may be more likely to feel it's positive effects than others. Studies show that while the majority of men can experience positive feelings as a result of sexting in both casual and committed relationships, most females need a higher level of emotional commitment to feel comfortable partaking. Experts hypothesize that women use sexting as a way to achieve emotional closeness, which explains why they feel most comfortable doing it in committed relationships — and why married couples may just be prime candidates for experimenting with some explicit messages.
“Just because you see your partner every day doesn't mean you shouldn't be sexting,” notes Gigi Engle, a feminist writer, educator and speaker, who teaches a Sexting 101 class in New York City. “It's a great way to get your partner jazzed up for when he or she gets home, and set the mood for a great night. The brain is our biggest sexual organ, and to get aroused in the body, you have to start in the mind!”
If you travel often for work, feel like the chemistry in your marriage has dulled, or feel disconnected as a couple, your relationship may also benefit from the emotional and sexual gratification of sexting. Kelley Kitley, LCSW, owner of Serendipitous Psychotherapy and author of “MY Self,” always recommends sexting as a method for increasing closeness with many of her struggling couple clients. “It helps them to stay connected throughout the day and increases lust for one another,” she says.
There's science to support the use of sexting as a tool to help mend marital issues, too. One study conducted on married couples found that sexting led to higher relationship satisfaction among those with high levels of avoidance in their relationships, and sending sexually explicit pictures improved satisfaction for men and women with attachment anxiety. Sexting may also be a gateway to a more open line of dialogue about your sex life, which a study published in the Journal of Social and Personal Relationships showed can improve your sexual and overall satisfaction in the relationship, especially for couples who had been together longer.
Convinced it's time to give sexting a try? Here are some expert tips for breaching the subject.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Panthers coach Ron Rivera says Cam Newton's apology for a sexist remark to a female reporter was “something that was needed to be said.”
“I think it was well said and well put,” Rivera said Friday. “I think it was well said and well put. I just it something we can move forward … and start again. It's a tough set of circumstances and hopefully this can settle things so we can go forward.”
Newton made his remarks during a news conference Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running. The quarterback laughed and said, “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny.”
Newton issued a nearly two-minute apology on Twitter Thursday night, saying, “What I did was extremely unacceptable” and that he has “really learned a valuable lesson from this.”
He hasn't directly apologized to Rodrigue.
The NFL had issued a statement Wednesday night calling Newton's comments at the news conference “just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalist who cover the league.”
Newton issued his apology more than 24 hours after making his remarks, during which time he lost an endorsement deal when Dannon severed ties with him.
“After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women,” the Panthers quarterback said. “To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offence to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you.”
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use his platform to inspire others.
He also said he takes ownership to everything that comes with that.
“What I did was extremely unacceptable,” Newton said. “I'm a father to two beautiful daughters and I try to instil in them that they can be anything that they want to be. The fact that during this process I have already lost sponsors and countless fans I realize that the joke is really on me. I have really learned a valuable lesson from this.”
Newton also took time to address young people, cautioning them not to do as he did.
“Don't be like me,” Newton said. “Be better than me. To the reporters, to the journalists, to the moms, the super moms, the daughters, the sisters all around the world I sincerely apologize and hope that you can find the kindness in your heart to forgive me. Thank you.”
Dannon, who makes Oikos yogurt, cut ties with Newton as its spokesman. However, the other companies who have endorsements deals with Newton such as Gatorade, Under Armour and Beats by Dre did not.
The Panthers (3-1) visit the Detroit Lions (3-1) on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger has called on Mesut Ozil to be the leader of his new Arsenal generation.
With Alexis Sanchez, Theo Walcott and Olivier Giroud all departing for pastures new during the January transfer window, Ozil bucked the trend by signing a new three-year deal.
The German World Cup winner is reportedly being paid £350,000-a-week at the Emirates Stadium - a record wage for an Arsenal player.
He is expected to line up with Henrikh Mkhitaryan - who joined from Manchester United in a swap deal for Sanchez - and summer signing Alexandre Lacazette when Everton visit on Saturday.
There could also be space in the side for club-record acquisition Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who came in on deadline day from Borussia Dortmund.
Aubameyang is more likely to start on the bench given his recent arrival and a bout of illness but Wenger - despite seeing his top goalscorers from the past five seasons depart - maintains an embarrassment of attacking riches.
Now the Frenchman wants to see Ozil, signed from Real Madrid for a fee now eclipsed by both Lacazette and Aubameyang, take control of the group.
"Many predicted that he will not commit and not sign for us," Wenger said of Ozil signing a new deal.
"When you look at the transfer market today, the fact that you can keep a player of that calibre is of course good news.
"The fact that he committed for a longer period shows as well that he will have to do that as well on the pitch and lead the team.
"It means he will be the technical leader of the team. Physically he is much stronger than people think. His distances are quite good. He can run. He is not a tackler. When he is angry he can."
Ozil could have left for free in the summer as his previous deal expired but, unlike Sanchez who was in the same position, he has stayed put.
Despite a seemingly huge leap in what Arsenal will now pay in wages, Wenger believes Ozil was the "cheapest" option as he would have had to spend a big fee, and a large wage, to sign a suitable replacement if the 29-year-old walked away for nothing.
"When you let a player go you have to buy somebody of the same calibre and if you add the transfer needed and the wages will be similar," he added.
"On top of that we have to pay a transfer. So overall I think Mesut for us was the cheapest option. On the other side all of our players are well paid. Very well paid. To feel sorry for them - I'm not sure that it's the most objective assessment."
Ice hockey players Mitchell and Lachlan Frear have been banned for two years by the Sports Tribunal of New Zealand (STNZ) as part of an investigation into the sale of performance-enhancing drugs to amateur athletes in the nation.
The brothers have become the first to be sanctioned as a result of the probe after website owner Josh Townshend was jailed for two years for advertising, possessing and supplying banned substances.
A database collected by Townshend, who ran the Clenbuterol NZ website, contains the names of around 100 athletes who used the service between 2014 and 2015.
It was initially thought that there were not any elite-level players on the list.
New Zealand Rugby Players' Association head Rob Nicol told Radio New Zealand, however, that they were supporting one athlete, who was not playing at the time.
Drug Free Sport New Zealand (DFSNZ) has begun investigating the database and has initiated disciplinary proceedings against those involved.
"To have identified approximately 100 athletes using a website selling these substances is extremely disappointing to us at DFSNZ, and should also be of great concern to the wider sporting community," DFSNZ chief executive Nick Paterson said.
The two brothers have become the first to be sanctioned as part of the investigation ©DFSNZ
"It's been previously stated that few, if any, of the prohibited substances available for purchase on the Clenbuterol NZ website were of pharmaceutical grade.
"Who knows what people were consuming or injecting themselves with."
"We have now invested in our intelligence and investigation capability and, coupled with the advances in science, drug cheats are going to find it harder and harder to go under the radar."
DFSNZ imposed the two-year sanctions on Mitchell and Lachlan Frear despite admitting there was little evidence they had taken the banned substance they had bought over the internet.
Both argued that they never received clenbuterol.
The brothers said they had bought the substance as it was advertised as a fat-burner.
DFSNZ ruled, however, that they were guilty of attempting to procure a substance on the prohibited list.
Their respective suspensions have been backdated to January 1 of this year.
PORT ARTHUR, Texas — A fire official says three children rescued from a burning apartment in Southeast Texas have died from their injuries.
Port Arthur Fire Marshal Paul Washburn tells KFDM television that firefighters arrived at the burning building a little after midnight Wednesday. First responders found the children and rushed them to a hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Washburn says the children were aged 2, 6 and 12.
Washburn tells The Associated Press the three children were the only ones inside the apartment when the fire broke out. He says their mother had taken another child to the hospital.
Washburn says they are investigating to determine the cause of the fire.
Sex-for-marks: Monica Osagie appears before panel – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As special counsel Robert Mueller continues his inquiries into Russia collusion in the 2016 election, new information continues to be added to the timeline of facts.
NBC News has gathered information starting as early as 2004 to help make sense of the convoluted series of events around President Donald Trump and his inner circle. The timeline will be updated as new information develops.
Sort by player or read the full timeline.
Film-wise, this was the best summer in recent memory (no thanks to “The Emoji Movie”). Here are the top five films worth watching if you didn't manage to catch them in the last few months, plus the ones you should steer clear of.
The Best:
“The Big Sick”: On a surface level, “The Big Sick” seems to contend with too many rom-com cliches (debilitating illness, cultural crosshairs and disapproving parents, to name a few). But the film, which tells the real-life love story of writer/star Kumail Nanjiani and his now-wife, Emily Gordon, never lags or feels derivative. Everything topical, from Uber to 9/11-generated stereotypes, is handled with the right dose of dark humor and heart from Nanjiani (and co-writer Gordon).
“Dunkirk”: Telling the story of the 1940 military disaster through the eyes of British soldiers and the passengers of a heroic civilian boat, “Dunkirk” is a wholly immersive experience. It's a sleek, high-pressure and fairly accurate account of what transpired at the titular beaches during World War II, and the cast provides a formidable foundation for Christopher Nolan's awards season bait. Even Harry Styles delivers a convincing performance as a young, conflicted British soldier (but don't see “Dunkirk” for him — the star is newcomer Fionn Whitehead).
“Baby Driver”: Colorful, fun, narrated by killer music and still maintaining a tearjerker backstory, “Baby Driver” is the epitome of what a summer movie should be. Written and directed by Edgar Wright, this punchy crimefest is a high-speed, nonstop delight. I haven't downloaded a movie soundtrack so quickly post-screening since “La La Land.”
“Wonder Woman”: “Wonder Woman” is, admittedly, impaired by a cheesy screenplay and questionable special effects (at least, in comparison to other superhero films of its caliber). But whatever it's lacking, the film compensates for with sheer, unadulterated feminine power. The film sets a high standard not just for future comic-book-inspired features but for all films in general; there should no longer be any doubt that females can kick ass at the box office, whether they're on screen (Gal Gadot) or behind it (Patty Jenkins).
Almost $13 trillion. That's the eye-popping figure for total household debt as of September 30, 2017, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. To put that in perspective, the former record was set in the first quarter of 2008, right before the onset of the financial crisis. Credit card debt, auto loan debt, student loan debt and mortgage debt are all on the rise (and while home equity loans and lines of credit decreased slightly, borrowing is projected to ramp up significantly in the next few years to come).
If you're one of the many resolving to get a handle on your debt in 2018, starting now could give you a significant head start. The good news: You don't have to do it the old-fashioned way. Here are some tech tools to help you reach your goal.
1. Make an actionable payoff plan: Unbury.Me
The aptly-named Unbury.I is a free online tool that allows users to create an account, list all of their debt and map out a payment plan to suit their needs. (The tool offers both the “avalanche” method (attacking the highest interest rate debt first, then moving to the second-highest and so on) and the “snowball” method (focusing on the lowest balance first, then the second-lowest and so on). The first technically saves you the most money in the long run, but the second could be the right choice if short-term wins increase your long-term motivation to funnel more money to your goal. The tool also demonstrates the effect of solely paying the minimum versus doubling up on payments one month, says accounting technologist Louie Balasny.
2. Attack debt subconsciously: Qoins
The team at Qoins focuses on rounding up each of your purchases to the nearest dollar (much like the investing app Acorns), then applying that cash to your student loan or credit card debt. Almost $1 million in spare change has been saved since the app launched in January 2017, and on a monthly basis, the average user saves roughly $50 to $55 (or $600 plus a year). To get started, you sign up, then link your financial account to begin saving. (Note: The app costs $1.99 a month, but it takes the fee out of your savings pool rather than charging your card.) For users who are patrons of smaller financial institutions that aren't supported, Qoins has an algorithm that analyzes your checking account and pulls out small amounts of money to save daily on your behalf (usually between 50 cents and $5).
(AP Photo/Gerry Broome, File). FILE - In this Friday, March 16, 2018 file photo, North Carolina's Luke Maye (32) shoots against Lipscomb's Rob Marberry (0) during the first half of a first-round game in the NCAA men's college basketball tournament in C...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this Monday, April 2, 2018 file photo, Villanova's Donte DiVincenzo (10) chases the loose ball against Michigan's Charles Matthews (1) during the second half in the championship game of the Final Four NCAA c...
By JOHN MARSHALL
AP Basketball Writer
PHOENIX (AP) - The deadline for college players to withdraw from the NBA draft has a widespread impact, from the individuals involved to their families to the teams who may select them in June.
The decisions made on or just before Wednesday's deadline also will have a lasting effect on the 2018-19 college basketball season. Teams losing key players will have to find replacements, possibly ending up in rebuilding mode. Teams who get their stars back will be eyeing NCAA Tournament runs.
A rundown of how some of the top teams fared at the NBA draft deadline:
WINNERS
AUBURN. Not only did coach Bruce Pearl pull together one of the nation's top recruiting classes despite the program being caught up in an FBI investigation, he will have three of his top underclassmen back. Bryce Brown, Jared Harper and Austin Wiley all opted to withdraw from the draft, possibly putting the Tigers in position to contend for an SEC title.
NORTH CAROLINA. Luke Maye, an AP third-team All-American, decided to come back after testing the NBA waters, giving the Tar Heels three returning starters to go with the program's best recruiting class in years. He averaged 16.9 points and 10.1 rebounds last season.
GONZAGA. The Zags could have been in a tough spot if Rui Hachimura, Killian Tillie and Zach Norvell had all decided to leave early. All three are back, putting Gonzaga in position for another deep NCAA Tournament run.
PURDUE. The Boilermakers lost four key seniors, but the return of Carsen Edwards, a Big Ten player of the year candidate, and Nojel Eastern leave them in good shape for 2018-19.
FLORIDA. The Gators faced the prospect of losing their leading scorer from last season when Jalen Hudson declared for the draft. He didn't hire an agent and announced Tuesday that he's coming back for his senior season, which should help Florida remain competitive in the SEC.
LOSERS
VILLANOVA. The 2018 national champions will have to defend their title without four key players who left early. The Wildcats knew they'd lose national player of the year Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges after both signed with agents. Final Four most outstanding player Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman joined them, both saying this week they will remain in the draft.
MARYLAND. The Terps knew they'd be without Justin Jackson after he signed with an agent. The return of Kevin Huerter could have softened the blow some, but the sharpshooting forward opted on Wednesday to remain in the draft, leaving Maryland without its top two players. At least the Terps will have Bruno Fernando, who decided to return for his sophomore season.
STANFORD. Reid Travis' decision was to withdraw from the NBA draft. That should have been good news for the Cardinal, but instead of being a top contender for Pac-12 player of the year in 2018-19 with them, Travis announced he would play elsewhere as a graduate transfer.
MIXED BAG
CLEMSON. The Tigers got good news when leading scorer Marcquise Reed and starting guard Shelton Mitchell decided to return. The backcourt duo helped the Tigers return to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2011 and reach the program's first Sweet 16 since 1997.
BOSTON COLLEGE. The Eagles took a big hit when Jerome Robinson, the ACC's second-leading scorer, opted to hire an agent and remain in the draft. His return would've given BC nearly its entire team back to pursue the program's first NCAA bid since 2009. The good news: Ky Bowman, the ACC's top returning scorer, decided to withdraw from the draft.
UCLA. The Bruins lost one of the nation's best players when dynamic guard Aaron Holiday declared for the draft and hired an agent in March. UCLA's big loss was offset, at least to a degree, by the decisions of Kris Wilkes and Jaylen Hands to return to Westwood. The Bruins are still waiting for freshman forward Cody Riley to announce his decision.
KANSAS. The Jayhawks lost Lagerald Vick and Malik Newman after both declared for the draft and signed with an agent. But Kansas got some good news on Wednesday when burly big man Udoka Azubuike announced he will return for his junior season instead of remaining in the draft.
MICHIGAN STATE. The Spartans will certainly miss Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges after both hired agents to leave school early. Michigan State received good news this week, though, when forward Nick Ward decided to head back to East Lansing.
___
AP Basketball Writer Aaron Beard in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Texas woman has died after she contracted a flesh-eating infection when she fell into Hurricane Harvey's floodwaters, officials say.
Nancy Reed, 77, died on Sept. 15 after falling in a flooded home earlier in the month in Houston's Kingwood neighborhood, the Harris County medical examiner said this week. She contracted necrotizing fasciitis, a skin infection that kills the body's soft tissue, through a wound she got from the fall, Houston Health Department spokesman Porfirio Villarreal said Thursday.
Necrotizing fasciitis is a rare disease caused by various types of bacteria, most commonly group A strep, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. While infections from group A strep are generally mild, in the case of necrotizing fasciitis, the bacteria spread quickly and can become deadly in a short period of time without prompt treatment.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Toxic floodwaters pose risk after Harvey 1:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Those with weakened immune systems and other health problems, like diabetes and kidney disease, are more susceptible to getting the infection, the CDC says. The agency says there are anywhere from 700 to 1,100 cases each year in the U.S.
A person walks down a street as residents begin the process of cleaning up the damage to their property after torrential rains caused widespread flooding during Hurricane Harvey on Sept. 1, 2017 in Houston. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi on Aug. 25, dumped around 50 inches of rain in and around areas of Houston and Southeast Texas. Scott Olson / Getty Images file
Villarreal was not aware of any other cases of the disease in Houston since the hurricane. However, in nearby Missouri City, Texas, first responder J.R. Atkins was also infected with necrotizing fasciitis earlier this month while he tried to rescue victims from Harvey's floodwaters, reported NBC affiliate KPRC. He recovered.
Reed's death is the county's 36th Harvey-related fatality, according to the Harris County Institute of Forensic Science.
Related: Mosquitoes, Medicine and Mold: Texas Battles Post-Harvey Health Issues
Harvey made landfall in August as a Category 4 storm. Health officials had feared its historic levels of rain would create a breeding ground for dangerous waterborne illnesses.
While the floodwaters have mostly receded, Villarreal urged Texans to still take precautions.
"A lot of people are working on their homes, and so it is important to clean up your home, but do it at a pace where you don't injure yourself," he said. "It's really important if anybody has a wound just to keep it clean and covered up with dressing and bandages, and make sure that those bandages and dressing are clean. That way, it doesn't become infected."
Mediterranean food: Garbanzo beans Pulses, a term encompassing all edible seeds of the legume family, are fiber-rich protein sources. Research published in Pulses, a term encompassing all edible seeds of the legume family, are fiber-rich protein sources. Research published in Nutrients found that garbanzo beans, aka chickpeas, have more fiber than most pulses. The " 1/2-cup Habit " campaign encouraging inclusion of pulses in your diet at least three times per week has inspired thousands to boost their fiber intake. And, chickpeas contain three times more folate, a vital B-vitamin, than kale! Pulses assist in weight control, too. And, these babies are as versatile as can be. Toss ½ cup into your salad or whip up a quick hummus for spreading on toast or dipping vegetables into. We also like them roasted with spices; dietitian Amy Gorin's crunchy garbanzo beans will soon be your favorite snack. Here are other beans you should be eating to drop pounds
Mediterranean food: Olive oil DUSAN ZIDAR/Shutterstock Obviously, olive oil is a staple in the Mediterranean diet, but do you know why it's so good for you? Monounsaturated fats, naturally present in olive oil, reduce risk of heart disease by lowering the bad (LDL) cholesterol levels in blood. Oleocanthal, a phytonutrient in olives, reduces inflammation and has been studied in Obviously, olive oil is a staple in the Mediterranean diet, but do you know why it's so good for you? Monounsaturated fats, naturally present in olive oil, reduce risk of heart disease by lowering the bad (LDL) cholesterol levels in blood. Oleocanthal, a phytonutrient in olives, reduces inflammation and has been studied in osteoarthritis breast cancer , and liver and colon cancers . These healthy fats also play a role in improving blood glucose control for folks with diabetes. Be careful not to overdo it, as all fats are calorie-dense. Replace sugary or salty processed salad dressing with a simple drizzle of olive oil and vinegar. Stir-fry your veggies in olive oil instead of butter or stick margarine. Check out these benefits of olive oil that have nothing to do with your diet
Mediterranean food: Farro Karissaa/Shutterstock Ancient grains are all the rage, and with good reason. Farro, freekeh, quinoa, kamut, teff, and millet are some examples of grains that have literally not changed much in centuries. Super fiber rich and abundant in niacin, Ancient grains are all the rage, and with good reason. Farro, freekeh, quinoa, kamut, teff, and millet are some examples of grains that have literally not changed much in centuries. Super fiber rich and abundant in niacin, magnesium and zinc, farro is a star in this category. With its nutty flavor and chewy texture, farro subs for barley perfectly in soups or chili. Top farro with your stir-fried veggies instead of rice. Farro mixed with berries and a splash of milk makes a nutritious and satisfying breakfast. Simple side dishes with farro and mushrooms, onions or garlic will impress your family. Find out more of our favorite ancient grains
Content continues below ad
Mediterranean food: Artichoke hearts Gaus Alex/Shutterstock Easy to find marinated in jars or frozen, artichoke hearts are a common ingredient in the Mediterranean diet. Artichokes win the prize for the highest amount of antioxidants of their vegetable relatives. What's more, they are rich in iron and vitamin B12, Easy to find marinated in jars or frozen, artichoke hearts are a common ingredient in the Mediterranean diet. Artichokes win the prize for the highest amount of antioxidants of their vegetable relatives. What's more, they are rich in iron and vitamin B12, challenging nutrients to get enough of for vegetarians . With the chronic disease prevention and reduced inflammation benefits, artichokes make a smart choice. Marinated hearts are delicious ingredients atop pizza, tucked into wraps and sandwiches, or in a veggie-based salad. Frozen hearts allow you to add the seasonings and flavors of your choice. Either variety perfectly mixes into a dip for crudités or tossed into pasta dishes. Check out these other healthy and delicious pizza toppings
Mediterranean food: Salmon Martin Gaal/Shutterstock Rich in the essential omega-3 fatty acids, EPA and DHA, salmon is the perfect protein to stock in your freezer. Higher EPA and DHA intake reduces inflammation, Rich in the essential omega-3 fatty acids, EPA and DHA, salmon is the perfect protein to stock in your freezer. Higher EPA and DHA intake reduces inflammation, decreases risk of heart disease , and boosts mood. Pre-packaged fillets are ready for use, or ask your butcher to take a huge steak and cut into pieces for you. This points to a delayed progression to type-2 diabetes. Salmon is delicious grilled, poached or baked with spicy, sweet, savory, or herbal seasonings. Or, buy it already smoked and enjoy it on your breakfast toast. Find out the nine ways you've been cooking your fish completely wrong
Mediterranean food: Lentils baibaz/Shutterstock Found to have the highest protein content of the pulses, lentils also boast high fiber and low fat amounts. Naturally gluten-free, lentils are quick-cooking and ready in significantly less time than regular dry beans. Their low glycemic index contributes to better glucose control in people with diabetes. Try replacing half of the meat in your tacos with cooked green lentils for a fiber boost, lentil soup is delicious on a cold evening, or, simply replace ½ of the oil in your chocolate chip cookie recipe with pureed red lentils. Your kids will never know they're eating a healthier treat! Find out Found to have the highest protein content of the pulses, lentils also boast high fiber and low fat amounts. Naturally gluten-free, lentils are quick-cooking and ready in significantly less time than regular dry beans. Their low glycemic index contributes to better glucose control in people with diabetes. Try replacing half of the meat in your tacos with cooked green lentils for a fiber boost, lentil soup is delicious on a cold evening, or, simply replace ½ of the oil in your chocolate chip cookie recipe with pureed red lentils. Your kids will never know they're eating a healthier treat! Find out even more health benefits of beans
Content continues below ad
Mediterranean food: Onions marcin jucha/Shutterstock This ever-present vegetable wins as a top pick for health benefits. Onions are naturally low in calories, but high in antioxidants. This ever-present vegetable wins as a top pick for health benefits. Onions are naturally low in calories, but high in antioxidants. Research shows that all colors are nutritious, but you'll find the highest flavonoids and antioxidants in the Western yellow onion. Multiple studies show the entire allium family, including shallots and garlic, prevents certain cancers (colon, stomach and prostate). My favorite trick to easily including onion in my family's meals involves chopping about five pounds of onions with a food processor, and then freezing them into small sealed plastic bags. They're ready to go in soups, pastas, stir-fries, tacos, and omelets. Fresh onions are the perfect match for a burger or sandwich. Here's how you can prevent tears the next time you chop an onion
Mediterranean food: Dates SMarina/Shutterstock Fewer folks are eating dried fruits, foundational in the Mediterranean diet, because of their reputation for higher calorie content than fresh fruits. While this is true, there are significant health benefits associated with dried fruits, including Fewer folks are eating dried fruits, foundational in the Mediterranean diet, because of their reputation for higher calorie content than fresh fruits. While this is true, there are significant health benefits associated with dried fruits, including better blood glucose and lipid levels . Dates, in particular, are incredibly rich in calcium and magnesium, both vital for bone health. Dates contain the antioxidant lutein-zeaxanthin, proven to enhance eye health for people at risk of macular degeneration and cataracts. Snack on dates straight out of the package, or chop them up to include in your breakfast smoothie. Puree dates with a little water, and use as a healthier swap for some of the sugar in your favorite baked recipes.
Content continues below ad
Andre Knott recaps the Indians 3-1 win over the Minnesota Twins with Michael Brantley.
More FOX Sports Ohio Videos Jensen says Indians pitching staff needs to find ways to get out of innings Arroyo: ‘It was a victory just get to get out there' Price after Arroyo's start: ‘I anticipate he'll be more crisp next time out' Welsh: Arroyo working on shaking the rust off Seth Jones was pleased with Blue Jackets rookie Gabriel Carlsson enjoyed his NHL debut More FOX Sports Ohio Videos
With the US Department of Transportation (DOT) dropping proposed rules that would have required airlines to disclose add-on fees—most prominently checked baggage fees—“up front,” there is a lot of finger wagging in the media and among politicians about “secret” or “hidden” airline fees.
First, it's worth noting that baggage fees made up 2.7% of US carriers' total revenue in the 2017 third quarter, according to DOT data. Base fares made up 75% of US airlines' total revenue. So while bag fees do help airlines earn money, they are not, by any means, a primary source of airline revenue—nor, as I've explained before, is there evidence the fees drive up the total price passengers are paying. Second, it is unclear how the “up front” disclosure would work—if one person searching for a fare has no intention of checking a bag and another person plans to check two or three, how do you include the fee in the fare on an airline website or a search engine? An average, splitting the difference between the total cost paid for no checked bags and three bags checked? Should the cost of a beer or a glass of wine on a domestic flight be included in the “up front” ticket price as well?
Finally, there is little secret about airline checked baggage fees, which have been around for a decade now in the US. How many people really show up at the airport and are stunned to pay a bag fee? The specific fees are there for anyone to see on airline websites, not hidden from public view.
As a thought experiment, think about add-on fees in commercial aviation much the same way you'd think about “fees” in other commercial industries. For example, are popcorn and soda “fees” hidden by movie theaters? Why not disclose popcorn charges “up front” by including them in the movie ticket price? How about a beer and a hot dog at a baseball game? Why not include two $8 beers in the price of a bleacher ticket at a baseball stadium? How about the satellite radio or heated seats in a car? Why aren't these included in the sticker price? So on and so on. We pay added “fees” all the time that are not included in the base price of a product or service.
Airlines do include taxes in flight ticket prices; hotels do not, even though every guest has to pay them. When you see a hotel room price online, you know it is $20 or so low because the taxes are not included. Nor is the cost of breakfast room service.
The fact remains that some air travelers almost never check bags, some check one and others check multiple bags. Why should each of these passengers pay the same total price?
Southwest Airlines, of course, has made “no fees” a central part of its brand. And consumers can choose to fly the carrier for this reason. But the only reason this is such a distinguishing characteristic is that everyone knows every other US airline charges so-called “hidden” baggage fees.
Aaron Karp aaron.karp@informa.com
20 Liberal Calls For Violence Against Conservatives in Quotes
My latest Townhall column is called, 20 Liberal Calls For Violence Against Conservatives in Quotes. Here's an excerpt from the column.
After Republican Rep. Steve Scalise was shot yesterday, many liberals on Twitter CELEBRATED and said things like,
“The Only Good Fascist is a Dead One.”
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
“That's a Shame but babies blown to bits at Sandy Hook was worse and Scalise takes money from the @NRA”
“If the shooter has a serious health condition then is taking potshots at the GOP leadership considered self defense?”
“If KKK support Steve Scalise dies, the shooter deserves a holiday, true leadership. Now the trumps, kush, & miller need to be transitioned.”
Is it any wonder? The most prominent liberals in America regularly accuse conservatives of being racist, sexist, Nazis, fascists who want children to die and are killing the planet and ruining the environment all because of their hate of the poor and minorities. Liberals today aim a nastier stream of propaganda at Republicans than America did at the Nazis; so is it any wonder that some people take the next logical step and become violent?
Once again, you can read it all here.
If you wanted an indicator of how far the US has fallen in the regard of global opinion, Cancun would be a good place to be this week.As one speaker on a panel on protectionism said, “it's going to get a lot messier in world free trade”.... More
Picture it, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt, 2005 (pulling my best Sophia from Golden Girls imitation): It's just one month before I would have the epiphany that would cause me to change my life and a couple of months before I would start writing Baggage Reclaim. I'm on holiday with one of my best pals and we're looking for a club to go to after spending time in a bar dancing to Gorillaz' ‘Dare' (epic tune) and giggling at two guys who were wearing matching trainers that made them look like they were wearing flippers.
Anyway… I digress…
So, we walk along the strip and after checking out a few places, we stop at this club with a plasma screen outside that was playing what we thought was live footage of the jam-packed club inside. The guy was doing a hard sell, and to be fair, the footage was pretty compelling and he made out like he was doing this amazing deal for us. You can guess what happened next–we got inside to discover that we were two of about eight people in the bloody place! We were fuming!
With the benefit of the 20:20 vision that is hindsight, it would have served us well to ask if the video was live footage of what was going on inside and actually, it was quite obvious that he was doing a hard sell.
Now, the thing is, I see this whole inviting-plasma-TV-outside-a-club scenario all the time in dating and relationships.
When we've just met someone or we're in the early stages of dating, or we're setting out on our new relationship, we sometimes get what we think is a dazzling preview of the amazingness to come.
They're so full-on and are painting this picture of being The Perfect Potential Boyfriend/Girlfriend TM or The Perfect Potential Spouse, that we reason that this is what we can expect from them in the future.
When days (yes, really), weeks or months down the line, they seem to do a complete u-turn on who they presented as or what they promised, we're baffled, wounded and stuck on this notion that we just need to get things to go back to how they were ‘in the beginning'.
This spot of what I call Future Faking (building up and faking a future so they can get what they want in the present) and Fast-Forwarding (being emotionally, physically etc., intense to speed you through the early stages of dating), messes with our heads.
The people pleaser in us cannot help but blame it on us having done something to scare them away as if character and intentions leave a person as quickly as they can drop their drawers to the ground. We then try to overcompensate for what will undoubtedly be becoming an unfulfilling partnering and feel as if we're getting increasingly diminishing returns in a relationship where it used to be so ‘easy'.
The whole experience can erode our confidence and cause us to be skittish about subsequent involvements and prone to settling for less than what we need. It's as if we reason that if we go low in terms of expectation that it's safer than going ‘high' and getting disappointed, only you'd be amazed how when we lower our expectations into crumb territory that not only can we be disappointed, but it wounds us even more.
Jaysus, how much lower do I have to go to get some love up in here?
Expectations are our strong beliefs about what we think will and should happen.
We believe that we have experience of them meeting our expectations so we don't understand why they can't go back to how it was ‘back then'. The thing is, they weren't meeting our expectations in the beginning—it was a brand-new involvement where we did not know them.
They didn't change; you just got to know them.
In some cases, it's not they changed but more that we got to know them a teeny bit more that they were in very real danger of us seeing past the pomp and bluff.
In the early days, they could pretty much tell us anything and as long as it was positive and fitted with our picture of how things should and could be, we'd go along with it.
They also go so hard at it in trying to woo us and win us over that instead of wondering why they have to be so frickin' OTT, we allow ourselves to create this unrealistic expectation that someone could blow in on the wind and make a bunch of inferences and promises without having really got to know us, and that they'll deliver it from now until forever.
Of course, that's why we feel so wounded because ‘in the beginning', they didn't know us so ipso facto, it must be ‘knowing' us that caused them to do a u-turn.
But, like the guy outside the club displaying a plasma screen of dated footage that probably didn't even take place in his own club while doing a hard sell on getting us in there, isn't it time that we acknowledge that actually, it's a fundamental lack of integrity and maturity?
That, and yes, we can stand to ask more questions or to quite simply know our pace and what we want so that we can't be bulldozed by someone into going at a pace that doesn't match our values.
Dodgy club guy knew that he was pulling a fast one.
And, I hate to break it to you, but people who go all super intense on you at the beginning and try to speed through the getting to know, have form for their behaviour. It's not the first time they've behaved this way and they're stuck in their own getting high on romance Groundhog Day while avoiding the true intimacy of taking one's time.
You also, if you've been in this situation, have to acknowledge a fundamental truth: that you don't like what you got to know or that it's certainly not what you want(ed).
Sure, you can take responsibility for allowing you to get swept up in their shenanigans and you can acknowledge anything that influenced those choices, but what you must stop doing is blaming your worth or something you said/did on their lack of integrity and maturity.
Even if my friend and I had asked whether the footage that was being shown on the screen was live, it wouldn't change the fact that he was trying to screw us over in the first place.
Your thoughts?
Save
Make note of the name Etzanoa, a long-lost city. Donald Blakeslee says he's found it.
The discovery could put south-central Kansas on the map as the second-biggest settlement of Native Americans found in the United States, Blakeslee said. And it's now, finally, the known location of a 1601 battle pitting outnumbered Spaniards firing cannon into waves of attacking Indian warriors.
Etzanoa has remained a mystery for 400 years. Archaeologists could not find it. Historians thought reports of a permanent settlement with 20,000 Native Americans in it were exaggerated.
But here in Arkansas City, at the confluence of the Walnut and Arkansas Rivers, Blakeslee, an anthropologist and archaeologist at Wichita State University, has found evidence of a massive town stretching across thousands of acres of bluffs and rich bottomland along two rivers. What clinched it was the discovery, by a high school kid, of a half-inch iron cannonball.
He even found a still-functional water shrine, depicting communication with the spirit world, carved into a limestone boulder in Tami and Greg Norwood's backyard.
It's a good story, all true, Blakeslee said: A lost city, a forgotten mythology — and the story of the once-great Wichita Nation, decimated by European diseases, then pushed aside by American settlers and the United States Army.
Amazed by the size
With the discovery, Arkansas City leaders are hoping to turn their town into a tourist destination.
“We always knew we once had a whole bunch of Indians living around here, because we had found way too many artifacts to think otherwise,” said Jay Warren, an Arkansas City council member. “But we had no idea until Dr. Blakeslee came along about how big it was.”
Etzanoa might have been comparable in size to Cahokia, Blakeslee said. That alone should bring world attention.
The Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site in western Illinois, with its pyramid Monk's Mound, is the biggest Native American urban complex ever built in the United States. It showcases the 14.4-acre mound that was the centerpiece of the ancient city, along with the outlines of the city, enclosed by fortress walls and filled with shrines of a powerful mythology and culture outside St. Louis.
Cahokia — the remnants of the largest pre-Columbian settlement north of Mexico — attracts 400,000 visitors a year, a fact that gets the attention of Arkansas Citians. If Etzanoa was bigger, “and it might have been,” that will rewrite American history, Blakeslee said.
“The Spaniards were amazed by the size of Etzanoa,” Blakeslee said. “They counted 2,000 houses that could hold 10 people each. They said it would take two or three days to walk through it all.”
But for four centuries, the story of a big Native American town in Kansas made no sense to historians.
When French explorers came in the 1700s, 100 years after the Spanish battle, they met only migratory bands of Kanza, Wichita, Pawnee, Kiowa, Cheyenne and Apache tribes.
So historians read the Spanish accounts and raised questions: If there were a permanent mega-site named Etzanoa, where was the huge accumulation of pottery shards?
And where did those tens of thousands of people go? Twenty thousand, as the Spaniards estimated in 1601, is equivalent to modern-day Derby, Liberal or Hays.
And how could Plains hunters feed tens of thousands day after day? Bison are dangerous. The Wichita had no horses and hunted on foot.
And where were the Spanish cannonballs, fired by outnumbered and terrified Spaniards?
The battle
For years, Blakeslee, 73, had read the accounts of soldiers who served under the Conquistador Juan de Onate, the founding governor of the colony of New Mexico. Onate's soldiers said they fought a battle 60 years after Coronado, somewhere in the Great Plains.
The battle reports said Onate led 70 soldiers from New Mexico and found a vast town at the junction of two rivers.
Warriors on the outskirts threw dirt into the air as the Spanish approached, signaling they were ready to fight. “The Rayados,” Onate called the Wichitas — “The striped ones,” from the way they painted and tattooed their faces.
The Spaniards entered the town, and the Wichita fled, thousands evacuating to the north.
Onate sent armed patrols into the empty town.
What his soldiers saw unnerved them. They told Onate they'd counted 2,000 big beehive-shaped homes — clusters of these homes surrounded by cornfields. Nervous about the size of the place, they turned around. Indians told them later that the settlement extended for miles past where the Spaniards stopped, meaning the true population might have been higher than the 20,000 Spanish estimates.
Onate turned his men south — and came face to face with hundreds of warriors, firing arrows and charging at Onate's small Spanish troop.
The attackers were Escanxaques, a tribe enemy to the Wichita. They had come to attack Etzanoa — and now attacked the Spanish.
Sixty of the 70 Spaniards were wounded. Their four cannons saved them, clusters of iron bullets fired from cannon-like shotgun blasts, whistling into trees and boulders. The Escanxaques, stunned, regrouped in a rock-lined ravine, but then charged repeatedly uphill to attack before finally backing off.
Cannonballs confirm
It was a high school kid, Adam Ziegler, who made the link that cinched the verification of Etzanoa.
Blakeslee says artifacts he and Ziegler found in the past two years show the old stories were true, and that between the years 1450 and 1700, at least 20,000 ancestors of today's Wichita Nation thrived in and near what is now Arkansas City.
Blakeslee realized the confluence of the Walnut and Arkansas rivers could be the one described by the Spanish. He found traces of houses and granaries. He's walked over much of Arkansas City and saw that the ravines and bluffs fit the Spanish accounts.
After locals like Hap McCleod told him people had been digging up “literally tons” of flint tools and clay pottery shards for generations, Blakeslee dug up his own shards, flint arrowheads, knife blades, hide-scrapers and awls.
Two years ago he found a rock-lined ravine in McLeod's backyard that matched the Spanish account of where the Escanxaques regrouped under fire to attack. He took a metal detector there, along with Ziegler, a Lawrence Free-State High School freshman.
“They couldn't find anything that day,” Ziegler recalled. “Dr. Blakeslee said I could use his metal detector. An hour or two later, I found the little ball, buried four inches deep.”
Blakeslee found two more Spanish cannonballs.
That did it, Blakeslee said. The old story was true.
Tough beyond belief
Blakeslee says the Wichita were wronged by fate, disease epidemics and war. He's going to try to set right what he can.
Smallpox and other illnesses killed probably tens of thousands after 1600, he said.
War and relocation forced survivors to Oklahoma reservations. The tribe lost most of its culture. The tribe's last fluent speaker of the Wichita language, Doris McLemore, died last year.
The Wichita were organized, cultured — “and tough almost beyond belief,” he said.
They and their Wichita cousins in Quivira, in Rice County, built a trade network with ancestors of the Pueblo Indians in New Mexico. They strapped 50-pound packages of dried meat and hides to themselves and their pack dogs, and walked 550 miles to the Pueblos. They'd then walk back, bringing home cotton fabric, obsidian and turquoise.
They had no horses. The women and children likely helped hunt bison, Blakeslee said, forming lines and waving hide blankets while driving bison toward warriors carrying bows and arrows. “Think of the courage that took,” Blakeslee said.
They cultivated beans, maize (corn), pumpkin and squash. They slaughtered bison meat and hides on an industrial scale. The men likely scouted, walking miles a day, shadowing herds. The women used flint hide-scrapers to thin down bison hides. “From doing that all day, they probably had the toughest fists,” Blakeslee said. “You'd never want to get in a fistfight with a Wichita woman.”
Intrigue, concern
Modern-day Wichitas number about 3,000, based now in Anadarko, Okla., said Gary McAdams, who has held several leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes.
The Wichita are intrigued — and concerned — by what might come next, McAdams said. Blakeslee has consulted with them for years, telling what he's found, inviting them to visit sites at Arkansas City and at the 160-foot-long serpent symbol still visible in the pasture grass in Rice County. Wichitas have helped on some of his digs.
“We would have some concern about how they go about developing their thinking about Etzanoa as a tourist center,” McAdams said. “We are supportive of any respectful endeavor they want to pursue there — but would want to provide our input.”
Jay Warren, a city council member, says the town will explore development.
Cahokia, in Illinois, attracts 400,000 visitors a year, but mostly because of how striking the 100-foot-tall Monk's Mound looks, and because it's located next to St. Louis and Interstate 70.
Arkansas City, in contrast, has pastureland.
But Civil War battlefields don't have a Monk's Mound either, Warren said. “And yet they attract thousands of visitors by doing a great job with walking trails and signs that explain step-by-step what was going on.”
If Arkansas City with its 12,000 people could attract 20,000 students, archaeologists and tourists a year, it would give the city a boost, said McLeod, in whose backyard Adam Ziegler found that cannonball. McLeod now runs the Etzanoa Conservancy, and has worked for two years to polish ideas. “We're really proud that all this history happened here, and we want to share it with the world,” he said.
“We're not talking about putting together a one-day wonder,” Warren said. “We're looking at creating something that could be great for the region, and for 50 years and more down the road. We're talking with (Unified School District) 470 about how it could enhance education. And we think the site could also be a hands-on field training facility for archaeologists from all over the world.”
They could build an interactive visitor center, he said. They could build reconstructions of the grass houses and granaries the Wichita used. They could employ flint-knappers who could show how skilled craftsmen made arrowheads and knife blades.
Etzanoa would have been beautiful, McLeod said. The river bluffs south of Arkansas City look like picture postcards. The bluffs and hills pour out clear spring water from dells and nooks.
McLeod drove up recently to the tallest point in Arkansas City — where the city's golf course clubhouse sits.
Blakeslee had told him that's where Caratax, the Wichita chief in 1601, probably kept his home.
“You can see 360 degrees in any direction from here,” McLeod said.
“And it's all beautiful.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A hidden waterfall in the village of Kritou Terra in Paphos is well worth a visit. The water here never stops flowing, creating a lush, verdant environment. It was once the site for four water mills providing the locals with water. When you get to the village follow the signs and you can park your car at the small picnic area which is near the waterfall and walk another 1,5km along a beautiful but in some points difficult trail until you get to your destination.
Praxia Aresti
Photos by Courtesy Council of Kritou Terra
Ryan Tannehill, Miami Dolphins quarterback, talks to the media about how the offense needs to convert third downs to stay on the field longer for the team to improve over last season.
KINSHASA, Congo — In the deadliest single attack on a United Nations peacekeeping mission in nearly 25 years, rebels in eastern Congo killed 15 peacekeepers and wounded over 50 others in an assault on their base that was launched at nightfall and went on for hours.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres expressed "outrage and utter heartbreak" and called the attack a war crime, urging Congolese authorities to swiftly investigate. The State Department's Bureau of African Affairs said it was "horrified."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed UN chief condemns DR Congo attack on peacekeepers 0:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
U.N. peacekeeping spokesman Nick Birnback said it was the deadliest attack on a U.N. peacekeeping mission since June 1993, when 22 Pakistani soldiers were killed in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu.
The peacekeepers killed Thursday were from Tanzania. Tanzanian President John Magufuli expressed his shock and prayers for the wounded, three of whom are in critical condition. At least five Congolese soldiers also were killed in the attack Thursday evening that has been blamed on one of the region's deadliest rebel groups.
Three peacekeepers were missing, the U.N. said. More than 20 were evacuated for medical treatment in the regional capital, Goma.
Birnback, the U.N. peacekeeping spokesman, called the assault "a determined and well-coordinated attack by a well-armed group."
It was not clear when military reinforcements arrived after the attack, the U.N. said. Conditions in the region are "very, very challenging," said U.N. peacekeeping chief Jean-Pierre Lacroix, who said the attack followed a recent increase in activities by various armed groups. He called the assault a response to the U.N. mission's own "increasingly robust posture."
"We are disturbing them," he said. "They do not like it."
U.N. peacekeepers in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2016. Eduardo Soteras / AFP/Getty Images file
The peacekeeping base is about 45 kilometers (27 miles) from the town of Beni, which has been repeatedly attacked by the Allied Democratic Forces, or ADF, rebel group. The ADF is suspected of being behind Thursday's assault. The base is home to the U.N. mission's rapid intervention force, which has a rare mandate to go on the offensive against armed groups in the vast, mineral-rich region.
The U.N. mission in Congo is the largest and most expensive in the world. It has also been a high-profile target of the Trump administration's cost-cutting efforts. The mission has a budget of $1.14 billion and over 16,500 soldiers. Nearly 300 peacekeepers have been killed since the mission arrived in 1999, according to U.N. data.
Members of the U.N. Security Council, which authorized the peacekeeping mission, stood in silent tribute to the victims at the start of a meeting Friday afternoon on a five-nation force in Africa's Sahel region.
Later, the council condemned the attack "in the strongest terms," underlined that deliberate attacks targeting peacekeepers may constitute war crimes, and called on Congo's government to ensure that the perpetrators "are swiftly brought to justice."
"This attack, the worst on U.N. peacekeepers in recent years, is a reminder of the extraordinary sacrifices made by these brave women and men every day," the council said.
Birnback said U.N. flags will fly at half-staff Monday all over the world in memory of those killed or injured.
Congo, the size of Western Europe, has seen immeasurable cruelty and greed as a result of its mineral resources while more than 80 percent of the population lives below the absolute poverty line of $1.25 a day. The nation suffered through one of the most brutal colonial reigns ever known before enduring decades of corrupt dictatorship. Back-to-back civil wars later drew in a number of neighboring countries.
Many rebel groups have come and gone during the U.N. mission's years of operation, at times invading the regional capital.
One of the greatest threats now comes from the ADF. While the fighters are mainly Muslim, experts say there are no proven links between the rebels and other extremist organizations in Africa.
The ADF "has an agenda both ideological and extremist in nature, but also focused ... on exploitation of illegal resources," Lacroix said. He accused the rebels of preying on the local population.
The rebels once aimed to overthrow President Yoweri Museveni's regime in neighboring Uganda. By the 1990s, they had established themselves in Congo.
Human rights groups say at least 1,000 people have been killed in the last three years as the ADF intensified attacks in Congo. About a dozen rebels have been sentenced to death on charges related to participating in an insurrection movement.
The U.N. mission in 2006 helped carry out Congo's first free and fair elections in 46 years. Since then, the winner of that vote, President Joseph Kabila, has become entrenched in power. Anger has grown as presidential elections originally set for late last year have been repeatedly delayed. The government has blamed insecurity for the delays.
The U.N. secretary-general in October warned that without real progress toward elections, Congo "is likely to enter a period of extreme volatility."
Everyone knows that festivals aren't about real camping - just like playing Rock Band VR isn't the same as headlining Glastonbury.
Instead, it's a battle against mild discomfort and your own rusty survival skills. Oh, and depending on where you are, some highly inconvenient weather.
Of course, there's nothing quite like the smug satisfaction of being more prepared for festival life than your camping cohorts, so we've rounded up this year's best accessories for surviving the mild dangers ahead.
The headliners might be strong, but your gadget line-up will be even better...
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
A legal expert, Dr Raymond Atuguba
A legal expert, Dr Raymond Atuguba, has pulled stitches out of the government's proposed Office of Independent/Special Prosecutor, describing it as an illegality that will not pass the test in the Supreme Court if Parliament goes ahead to pass the Bill into law.
In a fiery delivery of his opposition to the Bill, the law lecturer said the office was null and void in the absence of a constitutional amendment.
“Under our current constitutional dispensation, no prosecutor in Ghana can be legally independent. Again, under our current constitutional dispensation, no prosecutor can be legally special.
“Any attempt to pass a law that establishes the Office of the Prosecutor that purports to be special or independent does not only do violent to Article 88 of the Constitution but will not pass constitutional master in the Supreme Court,” he said at a public forum on parliamentary oversight and good governance in Accra last Wednesday.
Forum
The forum was organised by the Centre for Social Democracy (CSD-Ghana) in partnership with the Political Science Department of the University of Ghana with support from Friedrich Ebert Stiftung (FES).
It was to critically examine the oversight function of Parliament within the context of promoting good governance, as well as key factors that hinder the effective performance of these functions. It was also to make recommendations on how Parliament can be more effective in promoting good governance.
Wrong path
Going into what made the independent special prosecutor unconstitutional, Dr Atuguba, who served as former President Mahama's Executive Secretary, said Parliament was allowing the Executive to take the country on a wrong path as the nation sought to right the wrongs of corruption.
The government is counting on the Office of the Special Prosector as a specialised agency to investigate specific cases of corruption involving public officers and politically exposed persons in the performance of their functions, as well as persons in the private sector implicated in the commission of corruption.
Hitting a snag
A Bill to that effect was sent to Parliament but hit a snag as the House determined through the recommendations of the Committee on Constitutional, Legal and Parliamentary Affairs that the Bill for its establishment was not of urgent nature.
The committee recommended that the Special Prosecutor Bill, 2017 be taken through the usual legal legislative procedure.
That procedure would involve stakeholder consultation, preparation and presentation of a report to Parliament, second reading, amendments to provisions in the Bill, third reading before passing it.
Financial loss
But Dr Atuguba said Parliament must be bold enough to tell the Executive that wasting time and resources on backing a bill that would be dead on arrival amounted to causing financial loss to the state.
“Every prosecutor in Ghana is within the meaning of Article 88 of the 1992 Constitution under the prosecutorial discretion, direction and control of the Attorney-General.Such a prosecutor is dependent on the Attorney-General and can never be independent.
Article 88(1) stipulates that there shall be an Attorney-General of Ghana who shall be a Minister of State and the principal legal adviser to the government. Clause (3) further states that the Attorney-General shall be responsible for the initiative and conduct of the prosecutions of criminal offences.
Drawing from that, he said every prosecutor in Ghana was given a charter by the A-G who had over the years vested the power in institutions including Forestry Commission, Social Security and National Insurance Trust (SSNIT) and the Northern Electricity Company (NEDCo.)
He argued that “The so-called independent prosecutor is dependent and ordinary. The 1992 Constitution is the fundamental law of the land. That law has vested all the prosecutorial powers in the Attorney-General.”
Dr Atuguba noted that Parliament itself was constitutionally constrained from giving prosecutorial powers to an independent special prosecutor, arguing that “It cannot do that. Those powers have already been vested in the Attorney-General.”
He, therefore, called on Mr Osei Kyei-Mensah-Bonsu, the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, who also doubles as Majority Leader, to stop the bill from coming back to Parliament.
He, however, commended the legislators for sending the bill back to where it came from, insisting that it would be a fruitless effort.
Rubber stamp?
Ghana's Parliament has often been described by political connoisseurs as a rubber- stamp institution for laws, policies and programmes emanating from the Executive without the spine to hold the Executive to account.
The Constitutional injunction on the President under Article 78 of the 1992 Constitution to appoint the majority of ministers has also been cited by experts as crippling as Members of Parliament either become appendages to the Executive or behave in a manner that would catch the President's eye to be appointed.
Weak committees
Speaking to those observations, the Majority Leader agreed with that appointing ministers from Parliament affected the work of the House and added that the system dealt mortal wound to the committees of Parliament.
“We have a situation where the President would take his crème from Parliament. Some people say the remnants, I would not say so, are made the chairs of committees.
“That situation inflicts a mortal wound on the committees because the committee chairs are powerful and set the agenda. If we take them as collective and all of them are ruling party members, then from the word go, it weakens the performance of Parliament,” he said.
He said by far, the most structured method of oversight of the Executive was the parliamentary committees, explaining that Parliament was as strong as its committees.
He argued that unlike in established democracies where the chairmanship of committees were shared among the parties in Parliament, in Ghana, apart from the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) which was by statute headed by the minority party and Subsidiary Legislation Committee by convention, all other committees were headed by the Majority.
He said the practice in Ghana's Parliament was wrong as the function of overseeing the Executive was on Parliament and more so a strong opposition.
Waterford selector Dan Shanahan has confirmed that the Déise will do everything in their power to free up Conor Gleeson to play in the All-Ireland final.
Gleeson was sent off just before the end of Sunday's dramatic 4-19 to 0-20 win over Cork, earning himself an automatic one-game suspension.
Unless Waterford can get the red card overturned, which could take a long fight and with no guarantee of success, he will be forced to watch the 3 September showdown with Galway from the stands.
"He's distraught, absolutely distraught, we have said we'll do what we have to do to get him back," said Shanahan, who played in the 2008 All-Ireland final defeat to Kilkenny.
"He's a man-marker. He's been man-marked himself playing football before. He's a good corner-forward in football and he's been man-marked by men and he knows how to mark fellahs. He's leggy, he's saucy, he's everything you don't want to be on and that's what he's all about.
"If Conor's not there, please god he will be, Tadhg is back and we'll just have to drive on."
The Tadhg in question is Tadhg de Búrca, who was suspended for the semi-final following his red card against Wexford and who Waterford unsuccessfully tried to get off with a last-ditch visit to the GAA's Dispute Resolution Authority, a case that ran until the early hours of Friday morning.
A lot of his teammates had the digit ‘5' written on the back of their hands, his jersey number, as inspiration.
Waterford also face an anxious wait before they learn the fate of current Hurler of the Year Austin Gleeson, who may be in line for a sanction for a first-half incident against Cork where he appeared to grab Luke Meade's face mask.
@"Up for the Match will be different anyway" - Derek McGrath looks forward to a unique All-Ireland final pairing #SundayGame pic.twitter.com/6ZomVTjvPw — The Sunday Game (@TheSundayGame) August 13, 2017
With a first-time All-Ireland final meeting between these two counties, and a first final since 1996 not involving at least one of Kilkenny, Cork or Tipperary, Waterford manager Derek McGrath jokes that the best thing will be a new song on RTÉ's Up for the Match.
The Déise haven't been in an All-Ireland senior final since their '08 trouncing back the Cats.
Derek McGrath, who marked Galway manager Micheál Donoghue in the Tribesmen's 1992 All-Ireland minor final win, was in Croke Park as a fan for that final nine years ago with his wife Sarah, who is the sister of John Mullane, one of Waterford's mainstays in those days.
It was said at the time that Waterford failed to deal with the occasion, though this wasn't the case according to McGrath, who also insists that his players will be playing the game and not the occasion when they face Galway on the first Sunday in September.
"I remember John in the run-up to the game saying everything had gone well," he said. "So when I read things about Waterford got it so wrong in the rung-up to the '08 final, I am surprised because I know how detailed Davy (Fitzgerald, manager) would be - every detail would be spot-on.
"I remember going to the final, Waterford were very aggressive in the approach early on but I remember the very start of that game, Barry Kelly throws the ball in and Cha (Kilkenny's James Fitzgerald) actually catches the ball from the throw-in and from that minute, that second Kilkenny were just…
"Are there lessons to be learnt? I'm not sure. This group will play; they will play well. I think we will try to get the balance right between embracing it and cocooning ourselves away. If you go the route of locking yourself up for three weeks, I am not sure that this will work for this group.
"This group pride themselves on their humility and the modesty of their approach. That will see us in good form ahead of the game if we can get just the balance right, everything for me hinges on one word, balance, in terms of their approach."
ZTE is rebranding its smartphones into two categories: The Blade budget series, and the flagship Axon series. It's easier for regular people to understand, but what about the ZMax brand? Last year's $100 ZMax Pro was our favorite budget phone. Jeff Yee, vice president of Technology Planning and Partnerships at ZTE, told Digital Trends that 3 million people bought it on MetroPCS and T-Mobile, and it's why the company is hesitant to rid the ZMax brand. The result? The ZMax Pro's successor is called the ZTE Blade Z Max .
The ZMax Pro was so popular, ZTE altered its design and put it on other wireless carriers under new names, such as the Max XL. This new Blade Z Max is successor to the original ZMax Pro and is available to T-Mobile/MetroPCS customers first.
Grippy design, big display
The Blade Z Max keeps the massive 6-inch screen size as its predecessor, but the design is quite different.
Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends
Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends
There's now a grippy, rubber-like textured material covering the rear, as opposed to a soft-touch back. Like the 2016 phone, the ZTE logo sits in the center with a circular fingerprint sensor above, but the camera and flash are now on the top left side instead of in the center. There's a dual-camera setup, which ZTE first introduced earlier this year on the Blade V8.
The SIM card slot still remains on the left side, and the volume rocker sits above the power button on the right. The front of the phone looks almost exactly the same, with the speaker grill now an oval cutout, rather than three separate holes.
This is a phone that requires two hands.
The headphone jack is now on the bottom, next to the same USB Type-C charging port. Also on the bottom front of the phone are three capacitive buttons for navigating the Android user interface.
The design change makes sense; a 6-inch smartphone is tough to handle, so a grippy back should help. It certainly is less slippery, but it still is difficult to reach the other edge of the phone with your thumb. Even for people with large hands like myself, this is a phone that requires two hands.
The 6-inch display itself offers a 1,920 x 1,080-pixel resolution. It is a sharp screen; its colors look fairly accurate; and it can get bright enough to see outdoors.
Decent performance and a standard interface
The Blade Z Max sadly doesn't use a Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 series processor , but instead opts for the Snapdragon 435 system-on-a-chip. While the Snapdragon 435 is newer and offers better connectivity, the Snapdragon 617 (which is on the ZMax Pro) offers slightly better performance. The Snapdragon 435 is paired with 2GB RAM, as well as 32GB of internal storage. There's a MicroSD card slot, so you can expand your storage up to 128GB.
In our brief usage with the Blade Z Max, performance was reliable. Apps opened with ease, and moving through the recent apps menu and home screens was fast. Apps like Facebook and Twitter did stutter while scrolling quickly, even more so when multitasking with split-screen mode.
Pleasantly, the Android 7.1.1 interface is almost exactly like Google's default version of Android, with Google Assistant on board. The software is easy to use, with only a few MetroPCS apps pre-installed, and it looks great. The August 2017 security patch was installed, and we hope ZTE will continue to keep up with Google's monthly security updates.
ZTE has fitted a massive 4,080mAh battery in the Blade, which is a lot bigger than last year's 3,400mAh in the ZMax Pro. We'll have to do more testing, but we haven't had to charge it for three days with light usage, which is amazing.
We haven't had much of a chance to test the cameras yet, but the rear dual-camera setup has 16-megapixel and 2-megapixel cameras, which offer features such as monocolor and a portrait mode. The front camera features 8-megapixels, but no flash.
Availability and price
With ever-increasing competition in this price tier from the likes of Motorola's Moto E4, we'll have to do more testing to see how the Blade Z Max stacks up and if it's worth the $130 price tag.
ZTE Blade Z Max Compared To
The ZTE Blade Z Max will be available only at MetroPCS on August 28 for $130. Expect different versions of this device to crop up over the course of the following year to other carriers such as T-Mobile, Boost Mobile, and Sprint. You can pre-order the Blade Z Max now.
Hillary Clinton takes on Trump administration, rebukes Spicer during California speech
Hillary Clinton took on the Trump administration in one of her first public speeches since the election. Clinton faulted the administration for its abandoned health care policy and lack of female representation in top jobs. She also rebuked White House press secretary Sean Spicer for chiding a black female journalist for shaking her head during a daily news conference.
Project Fi may have many fans—after all, it gives you service across three US carriers plus international roaming at an affordable pay-as-you-go rate—but one thing subscribers don't enjoy is the lack of selection when it comes to phones. Fi hears that, and to make up for it, it's adding the Moto G6, LG G7 ThinQ, and LG V35 ThinQ to its lineup. The affordable G6 is even available to pre-order today.
It's official—we're welcoming the moto g6, LG G7 ThinQ, and LG V35 ThinQ to Project Fi.https://t.co/OKTVfzjeGM pic.twitter.com/EdyPAUw3MV — Project Fi (@projectfi) May 30, 2018
The two LG phones won't be arriving at Fi until "next month," though you can sign up to be notified for each at the listings on Project Fi's site.
For more information on details like specs, you can check out our prior coverage for the Moto G6, LG G7 ThinQ, and LG V35 ThinQ. The V35 was only just announced today, but if you're familiar with past LG V30 phones, you'll get the gist.
Pricing for each cover the low and high-end, with the G6 priced at $199 on Project Fi, while the G7 is $749, and the V35 is a whopping $899. Fi might be bringing more choices, but the price-points may leave something to be desired.
New subscribers can also take advantage of occasional discounts for Fi (like our $20 referral credit), so if the new pricing stuns you a bit, odds are discounts will be coming.
While none of the documents during a three-year period when Kushner was CEO bore his personal signature, they provide a window into the ethics of the business empire he ran before he went on to become one of the most trusted advisers to the president of the United States.
"It's bare-faced greed," said Aaron Carr, founder of Housing Rights Initiative, a tenants' rights watchdog that compiled the work permit application documents and shared them with The Associated Press. "The fact that the company was falsifying all these applications with the government shows a sordid attempt to avert accountability and get a rapid return on its investment."
Kushner Cos. responded in a statement that it outsources the preparation of such documents to third parties that are reviewed by independent counsel, and "if mistakes or violations are identified, corrective action is taken immediately."
"Kushner would never deny any tenant their due-process rights," it said, adding that the company "has renovated thousands of apartments and developments with minimal complaints over the past 30 years."
New York City Council members are calling for an investigation into the AP's report.
The falsified documents allowed the Kushner Cos. to escape extra scrutiny during construction projects that the watchdog group said led to harassment of rent regulated tenants.
Mary Ann Siwek sits in her apartment in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan on March 15, 2018. Jared Kushner's family real estate company routinely filed false documents with New York City claiming it had no rent-regulated tenants in its buildings, including the one where Siwek lived, when it actually had hundreds. Mary Altaffer / AP
For the three Queens buildings in the borough's Astoria neighborhood, the Kushner Cos. checked a box on construction permit applications in 2015 that indicated the buildings had zero rent-regulated tenants. Tax records filed a few months later showed the company inherited as many as 94 rent-regulated units from the previous owner.
In all, Housing Rights Initiative found the Kushner Cos. filed at least 80 false applications for construction permits in 34 buildings across New York City from 2013 to 2016, all of them indicating there were no rent-regulated tenants. Instead, tax documents show there were more than 300 rent-regulated units. Nearly all the permit applications were signed by a Kushner employee, including sometimes the chief operating officer.
Had the Kushner Cos. disclosed those rent-regulated tenants, it could have triggered stricter oversight of construction crews by the city, including possibly unscheduled "sweeps" on site by inspectors to keep the company from harassing tenants and getting them to leave.
Instead, current and former tenants of the Queens buildings told the AP that they were subjected to extensive construction, with banging, drilling, dust and leaking water that they believe were part of targeted harassment to get them to leave and clear the way for higher-paying renters.
"It was noisy, there were complaints, I got mice," said mailman Rudolph Romano, adding that he also bristled at a 60 percent rent increase, a hike the Kushner Cos. contends was initiated by the previous landord. "They cleaned the place out. I watched the whole building leave."
Tax records show those rent-regulated units that numbered as many as 94 when Kushner took over fell to 25 by 2016.
In Kushner buildings across the city, records show frequent complaints about construction going on early in the morning or late at night against the rules, improper or illegal construction, and work without a permit.
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner attend a meeting held by President Donald J. Trump with members of his Cabinet at the White House in Washington on March 8, 2018. Michael Reynolds / Pool via Getty Images
At a six-story walk-up in Manhattan's East Village that was once home to the Beat poet Allen Ginsberg, the Kushner Cos. filed an application to begin construction in late 2013 that, again, listed zero rent-regulated tenants. Tax records a few months later showed seven rent-regulated units.
"All of a sudden, there was drilling, drilling. ... You heard the drilling in the middle of night," said one of the rent-regulated tenants, Mary Ann Siwek, 67, who lives on Social Security payments and odd jobs. "There were rats coming in from the abandoned building next door. The hallways were always filled with lumber and sawdust and plaster."
A knock on the door came a few weeks later, and an offer of at least $10,000 if she agreed to leave the building.
"I know it's pretty horrible, but we can help you get out," Siwek recalls the man saying. "We can offer you money."
Siwek turned down the cash and sued instead. She said she won a year's worth of free rent and a new refrigerator.
New York City Council member Ritchie Torres, who plans to launch an investigation into permit applications, said: "The Kushners appear to be engaging in what I call the weaponization of construction."
Rent stabilization is a fixture of New York City that can bedevil developers seeking to make money off buildings. To free themselves of its restrictions, landlords usually have to wait until the rent rises above $2,733 a month, something that can take years given the small increases allowed each year.
Submitting false documents to the city's Department of Buildings for construction permits is a misdemeanor, which can carry fines of up to $25,000. But real estate experts say it is often flouted with little to no consequences. Landlords who do so get off with no more than a demand from the city, sometimes a year or more later, to file an "amended" form with the correct numbers.
Housing Rights Initiative found the Kushner Cos. filed dozens of amended forms for the buildings mentioned in the documents, most of them a year to two later.
"There is a lack of tools to go after landlords who harass tenants, and there is a lack of enforcement," said Seth Miller, a real estate lawyer who used to work at a state housing agency overseeing rent regulations. Until officials inspect every construction site, "you're going to have this incentive for landlords to make life uncomfortable for tenants."
New York City's Department of Buildings did not comment in general about the false filings by the Kushner Cos., but said it disciplined a contractor who filed false documents while working on two of the Queens buildings, which are currently under investigation by a tenant-harassment task force. It added that the department is also ramping up its monitoring of construction, hiring 72 new inspectors under city laws recently passed to crack down on tenant harassment.
"We won't tolerate landlords who use construction to harass tenants — no matter who they are," spokesman Joseph Soldevere said.
Exactly how much money the Kushner Cos. earned from the buildings mentioned in the documents is unclear. Of those 34 buildings, only the three in Queens and a fourth in Brooklyn appear to have been sold. The company also likely made money by reducing the number of rent-regulated tenants and bringing in those who would pay more.
Jared Kushner, who stepped down as CEO of the Kushner Cos. last year before taking on his advisory role at the White House, sold off part of his real estate holdings as required under government ethics rules. But he retained stakes in many properties, including Westminster Management, the Kushner Cos. subsidiary that oversees its residential properties. A financial disclosure last year showed he still owns a stake in Westminster and earned $1.6 million from the holding.
Back in Queens, the mailman Romano was one of the few rent-regulated tenants who fought back.
He hired a lawyer who found out he was protected from the 60-percent rent hike by law, something Romano did not know at the time. And he said his rent, which was set to increase to $3,750, was restored to $2,350.
Romano is still in the building where he has lived for nine years, with his wife, four children and his guests from the construction days — the mice.
"I still haven't gotten rid of them."
Glenville State College held a picnic and community fair, Sunday, specifically aimed at helping incoming freshmen get acclimated to life on campus. The 2-hour event included booths promoting various campus activities and initiatives, as well as a meal.
Jodi Walters, director of student activities, coordinated the event, and was eager to welcome new students into the Glenville State community.
"It's important to have these events so students can have the opportunity to get to know other students that are on campus. They get to meet, mingle, see faculty and staff and they get a real sense that we are a family here and that's what's important," said Walters.
Walters reached out to community members to express the college's desire to extend its family.
"I send out letters to all of our community members, and even those outside of our community, to come in and say 'we're here for you and for the students to come get to know us. Come to our church, come to our business, and that way it's a big family, and we want to embrace walking them into our community and into our homes."'
All of this week, the college is holding multiple student activities events per day. The events include a stand-up comedy show, a paint party and more.
Learn more about all of the Glenville State events offered in the coming days, here.
Southern Power, RES to jointly build 3GW of wind projects in US
Southern Company subsidiary Southern Power and Renewable Energy Systems Americas (RES) have signed an agreement to jointly develop and construct approximately 3,000MW of wind projects in the US.
The joint development agreement for across 10 projects is part of Southern Power's renewable development strategy.
The projects are expected to enter service between 2018 and 2020.
Southern Power president and CEO Buzz Miller said: "Southern Power has a long-standing history of partnering with major equipment manufacturers and developers while growing one of the nation's largest wholesale green energy portfolios.
"We now have priority access to a robust, visible development pipeline and a supply chain for turbines from two premier technology providers, reinforcing our focus on wind energy investments over the next several years."
Additionally, Southern Power agreed to purchase wind turbine equipment from both Siemens and Vestas for installation at the planned facilities.
Southern Power said that the wind turbine equipment from both Siemens and Vestas will be used to secure current tax benefits for the identified projects.
As part of the deal, RES will be the lead developer and balance-of-plant provider for projects while Southern Power will serve as co-developer for future projects.
Recently, Southern Power has acquired two new wind power plants in Texas, US, from UK-based renewables development company EDF Renewable Energy.
The two facilities include 174MW Salt Fork Wind Facility and the 126MW Tyler Bluff Wind Facility.
Image: The new wind development agreement is a part of Southern Power's renewable development strategy. Photo: courtesy Southern Company.
Karim Benzema has backed Eden Hazard's potential move to Real Madrid by saying the Chelsea star would be a good signing for the European champions.
Hazard has reportedly emerged as a target for Madrid as he continues to star for Premier League leaders Chelsea this season.
The Belgium international has scored 14 goals and assisted five in the league and Madrid forward Benzema would welcome him at the Santiago Bernabeu.
"[Hazard] is a very good player, what can I say?" Benzema told Telefoot.
Most WhoScored MotM awards in Europe's top 5 leagues this season:
🥇L. Messi - 13
🥈E. Hazard - 12
🥉A. Gomez - 10 pic.twitter.com/dYOXAehuk1 — WhoScored.com (@WhoScored) April 17, 2017
"I have not seen the rumours, but it's obvious that he would be a good signing."
Benzema's Madrid are top of LaLiga following their come-from-behind 3-2 win at Sporting Gijon on Saturday.
The France international was absent for the trip as Madrid stayed three points clear of titleholders Barcelona.
Frank Lampard paid tribute to the "greatest defender in Premier League history" following news that John Terry will leave Chelsea at the end of the season.
The 36-year-old will end a 22-year association with the Blues when his contract expires, having won 14 major honours at Stamford Bridge since making his first-team debut in 1998.
Most of that silverware was won alongside his "great friend" Lampard, who did not understate Terry's contribution to the club.
The former England midfielder said on his Instagram page: "The last man standing of an incredible era for @chelseafc.
"What a pleasure to play with the greatest defender in the @premierleague history. In fact, I'd put him up with any defender in world football of any era. He led the club both on and off the pitch from the moment he made his debut.
"He set standards for everyone, whether it was demanding excellence in training, fighting for every win or respecting how fortunate we were to play for such a great club.
"He was, and is, a legend, not just for his talent but just as much for his desire to get the best out of himself and others around him. That's what made him the most successful captain in the club's history.
"Off the pitch a great friend to not just me but so many at the club and outside of it. The countless things I've seen JT do to help people outside of the game, things that not many sees, are what defines him as a man.
"@johnterry.26 you deserve every accolade you get over the next weeks and beyond and I hope you get what you deserve and lift two massive trophies at the end of the season (just to add to the tally).
"Whatever you do next I know everyone will respect your decision and I know that the Chels will always be your club. Absolute respect."
News of Terry's imminent exit from Stamford Bridge comes at a curious time, 24 hours after Chelsea were beaten 2-0 at Manchester United, a result which opens up the Premier League title race.
Terry's former England team-mate Gary Neville questioned the timing of the announcement and believes the 36-year-old still has a part to play this season.
"The news of Terry leaving is incredibly strange timing, I don't get it at all," Neville told Sky Sports' Monday Night Football.
"I'm not really sure who it suits, maybe John Terry a little bit, but I'm not even sure about that.
"It may be a distraction for the dressing room, the club and the fans will be sad today especially after the big game they lost yesterday. Maybe he's signed a pre-agreement with somebody and they couldn't keep it quiet any longer."
Neville added: "They haven't kept a clean sheet for quite a bit now and I think he could be quite useful for them.
"If they needed someone with experience in this last month to get them over the line, he might be the man they need to call on.
"He's got the experience, the resilience, the robustness and that toughness which would get his team-mates over line. He may be Chelsea's most important player in the next few weeks."
By Tim Stannard
1) Ronaldo faces 12-match ban after referee rumble
Well, season nine of Team Messi versus Team Ronaldo got off to quite the opening episode. It was the football equivalent of an army being torched by the mother of dragons mixed in with a zombie horde chasing after Kellyanne Conway. Spain's show-runners are to be congratulated.
For those still in the dark, spoiler alert.
Cristiano Ronaldo entered the action in the Spanish Super Cup final against Barcelona in the Camp Nou in the 58th minute on Sunday. Easily the best player on the world scored the greatest goal ever seen in the world, celebrated spontaneously by taking his shirt off, showing off the greatest body in the world.
But the evil-doing ref handed out a yellow card. Cristiano then won a penalty but not only was the spot-kick denied but the referee booked CR7 for diving, which resulted in a sending off. Insult to injury.
Under this most incredible provocation from the fake news, failing match official, Ronaldo gave him the lightest of taps of camaraderie which has just seen him handed a five-match ban for both the red card and the push.
One thing is dominating all of the day's front pages...@realmadriden's Camp Nou win!
👇👇👇https://t.co/5iIZ52D6QO pic.twitter.com/gyL1Msrwm7 — MARCA in English (@MARCAinENGLISH) August 14, 2017
Or…..Ronaldo scored an admittedly nice goal to put Real Madrid into a 2-1 lead, took off his shirt to both mock Leo Messi, bait the Camp Nou crowd and also give in to his base narcissistic urges to put himself ahead of his team by flexing his pecs and abs for the world's media. Ronaldo then dived to try and win a penalty and launched a brutal assault on the referee in an act of petulance.
Those are the two narratives dominating the Team Messi v Team Ronaldo scene and a topic sure to dominate the return of the Locker Room at 7:30PM ET / 4:30PM PT.
2) Barça sign up Paulinho after career snooze
Despite Ronaldo's meltdown, the mood in the Barcelona camp was none too chirpy after the 3-1 defeat that had the local papers calling for new signings straight away. And one has been delivered – a midfield anchor in the form Paulinho who is set to sign on for four years costing $47m.
The Brazilian's recent career has largely been spent in football backwaters where soccer success was very much an after-thought to just getting by for the money. But enough about Paulinho's spell at Tottenham. The footballer arrives hot-foot from Chinese Super League club Guangzhou Evergrande and is set to be presented on Thursday. Hats in the air stuff for Barcelona fans.
In Philippe Coutinho news, the want-away Liverpool man has been left out of the team's squad to play Hoffenheim in a Champions League qualifier.
Tune into the XTRA at 7PM ET / 4PM on whether Paulinho is the player that Barcelona need for the upcoming campaign.
3) Diego Costa's criminal complaints
Continuing on a rebellious Brazilian theme and Diego Costa has been on the warpath at his treatment by Chelsea. Yes, technically speaking the footballer is Spanish but he was Brazilian for about 25-years of his life. In exile at the EPL team, told via text that he was not wanted Antonio Conte, the striker now finds himself kicking his heels with the transfer window closing in two-week's time.
Diego Costa driving past Stamford bridge 😂😂 pic.twitter.com/1RcnVrid3b — Danny Welbeck (@WelBeast) August 12, 2017
Costa is currently refusing to train with the reserves – or leave Brazil apparently - and is being hit with fines. “I'm not a criminal. I don't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that. I am not in the wrong here,” said the forward whose team lost their opening match against Burnley this weekend. At home.
All the footballer wants, apparently, is a move to Atletico Madrid. Who cannot play him until January were he to move due to a transfer ban. Life is tough, sometimes.
4) Chelsea and Spurs to make Monday moves?
In other transfer news, Fiorentina are set to sign Genoa striker – and also Diego Simeone's son – Giovanni Simeone. That should then kick off the move of Fiorentina striker, Nikola Kalinic, to Milan.
Chelsea is now being linked with Southampton's sulking centerback, Virgil van Dijk. Funny that. And Tottenham might actually sign a footballer in the form of Lazio man Keita Balde, who was left out of his team's 3-2 Italian Super Cup win against Juventus on Sunday.
Southampton watching the Watford v Liverpool match adding £10 million more onto Van Dijk pic.twitter.com/FD7dmXJXr9 — G-G-G-G-Greg (@_GregJamison) August 12, 2017
Remember to head to beIN SPORTS Facebook page at 12:30PM / 9:30AM for the daily Transfer Tracker show.
WHAT IS SPORTS BURST?
The life philosophy of Sports Burst is that if you are not upsetting someone, then you are not trying hard enough. SB is a daily trawl and troll through the morning's sports news to bring you fact-nuggets to make you both smile and swear. Hopefully at the same time.
See Billy Graham's visit to South Carolina, including USC football stadium and Ft. Jackson
1:46
HONG KONG — The video shows students at the so-called "female morality school" in northeastern China getting up at 4:30 a.m. to scrub floors and being taught not to resist if their husbands beat them.
Shot with a hidden camera and posted on a popular Chinese video website, it sparked a storm of criticism of the school and highlighted complaints that the status of women is deteriorating under the rule of a Communist Party that promised them equality.
In the recording, students at the Fushun Traditional Culture School were shown being told to put aside career aspirations and, in one instructor's words, "shut your mouths and do more housework." One group of students was shown practicing bowing to apologize to their husbands.
"Don't fight back when beaten. Don't talk back when scolded. And, no matter what, don't get divorced," a female teacher says in the post on Pear Video, a Beijing-based online platform for short videos.
"Women should just stay at the bottom level of the society and not aspire for more," another teacher says.
Students study at a female morality school in Haikou, China. Women Awakening via AP
Such schools appear to be growing in popularity, though it is unclear how many China has, according to researchers and women's rights activists.
Their emergence reflects the erosion in the status of women since the launch of economic reforms in the 1980s that reduced the ruling party's focus on social equality, said Feng Yuan, a prominent women's rights activist. "Archaic ideas about gender equality still have a market in today's society," she said.
Deng Xichan, a 21-year-old nurse, said she and her mother attended a female morality institute in the southern city of Changsha, enticed by its offer of free classes, lodging and vegetarian food.
Students were taught to obey men because it would bring their children good fortune and that sex before marriage would bring bad luck, Deng said. Every evening, she was required to bow in front of a statue of Confucius and participate in group confessions, she said.
"Many of the students truly believed that their life was hard because they had premarital sex, or because they cheated on someone, so they would kowtow and confess," Deng said.
At many of the programs, students are closed off from the outside world — and from each other.
"The front door was locked and our phones and cash were taken away from us," said a woman in her twenties who attended a seven-day course in the northwestern city of Yinchuan. "We were also not allowed to chat with each other, so all you can do is bear with it."
"I got scared because it was so isolated," added the woman, who asked to be identified only by her surname, Chen, because she didn't want her former employer, a real estate company that signed her up for the program, to know she had spoken to the media about the experience.
The Fushun school was founded in 2011 by an ex-convict who had served time for murder and was approved by local authorities as a "public welfare organization," according to Chinese news reports. It charged no tuition and was supported by students' donations. The school had more than 200 volunteer workers and took in as many as 40 students for each 20-day "female virtue" course, according to an online report by the Yangcheng Evening News, a major local newspaper.
After the video came out in November, hundreds of people criticized the school on internet message boards and blogs, prompting an investigation. The school was shut down in December, according to the official Xinhua News Agency. The local education bureau concluded it violated "socialist core values" and called for similar programs to be investigated.
The Fushun school and several others across China contacted by The Associated Press refused repeated requests for comment.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is briefed on Hurricane Harvey at the Texas Department of Public Safety building on September 1, 2017, in Austin, Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas - Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is set Wednesday to unveil his plan to enhance safety at Texas schools.
Abbott has scheduled a 10:30 a.m. news conference for the announcement.
The plan comes after a series of roundtable discussions he held on the topic in the days following the May 18 massacre at Santa Fe High School.
A gunman's half-hour rampage killed eight students and two teachers at the school.
Click2Houston.com plans to offer a livestream of the news conference.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
The Lincoln City Council Monday approved three projects aimed at increasing the appeal of the downtown area, and one aimed at improved safety and convenience along Cornhusker Highway.
Four natural gas powered trollies will be purchased to operate as shuttles throughout downtown. They will replace the buses currently running Route 55, “The Star Shuttle” according to Star Tran Manager Mike Davis. “Ridership has been increasing and the shuttles seem to be working well” Davis told the Council.
Also approved Monday is establishment of a Bike Share Network. The Council approved a contract just slightly over $750,000 for 100 bikes and 18 rental stations which will be spread throughout downtown. The Public will be able to rent and return bikes at any of the stations.
The downtown area will also have small transmitters for wireless internet service mounted on light poles. Along with making internet available throughout the area, the “small cell technology” will allow connection to vehicles, and prepare for the arrival of unmanned vehicles.
The Council also took the next step in a plan to re-build the intersections of 33rd, and 35th and Adams, with Cornhusker Highway and remove the need for vehicles to cross railroad tracks at both.
A Republican lawmaker is pushing to add Oklahoma to the list of states in which so-called chemical castration is an option for certain sex offenders, albeit an option that rarely gets used.
State Rep. Rick West, a first-term lawmaker from Heavener, said he filed the bill at the request of a constituent and that he fully intends to push for its passage, though it's likely to face strong opposition, even in a conservative state with a tough-on-crime reputation.
If approved, Oklahoma would join at least seven other states that have laws allowing courts to order chemical treatments that reduce male testosterone for certain sex offenders, although experts say the punishment is rarely carried out and one described it as a “half fantasy” version of criminal justice.
“When I knocked on that guy's door when I was campaigning, he said: ‘I'll vote for you if you'll run this bill,”‘ West said.
West, who has introduced a measure that would allow tobacco back inside state prisons, said he's confident his constituents would support efforts to prevent sex crimes, especially against children.
Under the bill , anyone convicted of a sexually violent offence could be required as a condition of release to take the drugs designed to reduce a male offender's testosterone and sexual libido. A second offence would require the treatment unless a court determined it wouldn't be effective.
It's hard to imagine this couldn't be considered cruel or unusual
California became the first state to pass such a law in 1996, and since then at least six other states have passed laws allowing it in some form, including Georgia, Florida, Louisiana, Montana, Oregon and Wisconsin, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Texas allows repeat sex offenders to voluntarily elect to be surgically castrated.
It's unclear how often the procedure is used, but it appears to be rare. For it to be used in California, a judge would have to issue an order as part of a convict's sentence. Only a couple of parolees are currently required to receive the treatment every year, said prisons spokesman Luis Patino. Prison officials in Montana and Louisiana are aware of only one case in each state in the last decade in which a judge ordered the treatment.
Oklahoma's American Civil Liberties Union chapter is concerned about West's proposal, saying that requiring unwilling offenders to undergo such treatments likely violates the Constitution's 8th Amendment.
“It's hard to imagine this couldn't be considered cruel or unusual,” said chapter spokeswoman Allie Shinn, who added there's little scientific evidence to suggest such treatments are even effective.
“I don't want to place too much faith in the Oklahoma Legislature to avoid blatantly unconstitutional proposals, but we're hopeful this bill, as written, is just too extreme to move,” Shinn said.
While drugs used to diminish an offender's sex drive can be effective, they are mostly successful with offenders who want to change their behaviour and take them as prescribed, said Frank Zimring, a law professor at University of California at Berkeley and an expert on sex crimes.
But he said the laws are generally about good politics since sex offenders are an easy target, and not necessarily about sound criminal justice policy.
“Chemical castration is half advertising slogan, half fantasy,” Zimring said. “There are chemicals which are supposed to, if dosages are maintained, reduce sex drives. That isn't castration.”
The Oklahoma Legislature has over the years entertained various bills involving the castration of sex offenders. In 2002, a measure allowing chemical or surgical castration of sex offenders made it all the way to the desk of Republican Gov. Frank Keating, who promptly vetoed it and derided it as “silly.”
CLOSE Center for Government Research Associate Principal Paul Bishop presented the Center's study on the Village of Van Etten's potential dissolve to residents Tuesday night at Spencer Van Etten Elementary. Village residents can vote on the referendum on November 13th. Sarah Mearhoff / Ithaca Journal
Buy Photo Spencer-Van Etten Elementary School. (Photo: Kristen Parker/Correspondent Photo)Buy Photo
After months of discussion and even a postponement, residents of the village of Van Etten finally voted Monday by a narrow 103-76 to dissolve the village and merge it with the town of Van Etten.
Thanks to the dissolution and merge, village homeowners of median-valued homes could potentially save up to $284 per year in local taxes, according to a study completed by the Center for Government Research in October. These potential tax savings would be from the thanks to consolidating village and town services into one, and a New York state incentive that would provide an additional $92,000 in state aid to the town.
Even after CGR's study and much town (and village) talk, the vote was dragged out another month, postponed from Nov. 13th to Dec. 11th after a village resident pointed out that the village only advertised the election for three weeks, and New York state requires such elections be advertised for four.
“I'll be honest, I want to see this put to bed one way or the other,” town councilmember Fred Swayze, Jr. told The Ithaca Journal in November just after the announcement of the postponement. “It's causing a lot of stress on a lot of people and we're getting into the holidays and people don't need any more stress.”
Now that villagers have voted to dissolve, the village board is required to develop a dissolution plan within the next six months. Once it is complete, village residents will have another opportunity to vote for the board's exact plan.
If they vote 'no' on that plan, it will be another four years until the village can again consider dissolving. If they vote 'yes,' the village will officially begin the planned dissolution process to merge with the town.
Follow @sarah_mearhoff on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://ithacajr.nl/2jv7sqI
A Texas city commissioner who used a racial slur to describe two African-American prosecutors resigned on Friday.
Brownsville city commissioner at-large Cesar De Leon in a letter thanked his staff, Mayor Tony Martinez, and the City Commission, saying it has been "an honor to serve the people of Brownsville and to represent our community."
De Leon did not mention the remarks in the letter announcing his resignation, although he has in the past apologized but said he would not step down. "I was informed of a conflict of interest between my legal practice and the city Brownsville. I have decided to continue with my profession," the letter reads.
Brownsville City Commissioner Cesar De Leon apologizes to the citizens of Brownsville during a public city commissioners meeting at the Brownsville City Commission Chambers on Oct. 3, 2017, after a recording surfaced of De Leon making derogatory statements. Miguel Roberts / The Brownsville Herald via AP
De Leon's resignation comes nearly three weeks after a recording of De Leon using the n-word and f-word to describe the prosecutors was posted on social media.
"They are f---ing ... and I would say this, that I would never dare use that word, but you know what, yes, there are a couple of n-----s in there that think that all of us are f---ing taco eaters," De Leon said according to The Brownsville Herald.
After receiving backlash from city officials and members of the community, he publicly apologized for the remarks in a city hall meeting Tuesday night. He said he made a "terrible mistake," but that he wouldn't resign.
Related: Texas Lawmaker Says He Won't Resign Over Racist Remarks
Veronica Sanders, one of Brownsville assistant district attorneys De Leon mentioned in the recording said she is relieved that De Leon resigned and can now move forward.
"When a person is in his position, it is their job to represent the city and the last thing to do is call people names," Sanders told NBC News Friday. "He put on one face in public and another in private."
In an apology letter to Sanders in September, De Leon said that in a moment of frustration he wasn't thinking about his words. “Hopefully one day I will be able to right my wrong," read the letter, a copy of which was seen by NBC News.
De Leon was elected in May 2015 and his term would have expired May 2019.
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Share
Bethesda Game Studios has spent the last day teasing something Fallout-related, and we now know the project is not a remastered game from the past. Instead, the developer is working on Fallout 76 — though we don't yet know what that happens to be.
Fallout 76 was announced alongside a teaser trailer set to “Take Me Home, Country Roads,” which offers few details on what the game actually is. We see Vault-Tec gear sitting on a bed, and a poster in one room makes it clear that the game takes place in 2076 — a year before the Great War that destroyed much of the world.
Vault 76, where these rooms are located, is in pristine condition. A small soccer field is located on the first floor, and a colorful diner — complete with a Vault Boy mascot — is located on the top.
“In Vault 76, our future begins,” a voice says as the trailer ends.
More information on Fallout 76 will be provided at Bethesda's E3 showcase on June 10, but it doesn't appear the game will be a full-scale single-player title like Fallout: New Vegas. According to Kotaku, the game will feature some degree of online connectivity, though it remains to be seen what that actually means. It's reportedly in development at Bethesda Game Studios' original Maryland location, as well as in its Austin, Texas, location, which was formerly called BattleCry Studios.
Bethesda's E3 Showcase is shaping up to be one of the most exciting this year, because we don't know much about what the company is bringing. Rage 2 was recently announced with a gameplay trailer, and Bethesda has confirmed the game will be shown at the event, but the rest of its lineup remains a mystery. With Doom being more than two years old at this point, we expect that a sequel will be shown, and we're crossing our fingers for any information on the Elder Scrolls series.
If you're new to the Fallout series, you can purchase Fallout 4: Game of the Year Edition right now for less than $40. It comes with the original game and its DLC, and if you want even more, Fallout 3 on Xbox 360 is backward compatible with the Xbox One.
Jordan Henderson has told Liverpool not to follow in Barcelona's footsteps and allow Roma to complete a second-leg comeback in their Champions League tie.
Jurgen Klopp's side looked to be cruising into the semi-finals after racing into a 5-0 lead at Anfield inside 68 minutes, with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino netting twice and Sadio Mane also on the scoresheet.
But Roma gave themselves hope ahead of the return fixture, with Edin Dzeko's strike and a Diego Perotti penalty - both of which came in the final nine minutes - ensuring the match ended at 5-2.
The result means Eusebio Di Francesco's side will reach the final if they can repeat the performance against Barça in the quarter-final second leg, when they overturned a 4-1 first-leg loss with a 3-0 victory in the return.
And Henderson, despite his confidence in Liverpool's attack, admits they must learn from the Catalans' mistakes if they are to avoid a similar fate.
"I felt as though we were in full control and we basically gave them two goals," he told BT Sport. "You can't really do it in the Champions League.
"At the same time, we've played well, we've won the game and we'll go there with a three-goal advantage, but it'll be difficult. As you've seen in the last round, they came back against Barcelona, who are one of the best teams in the world.
"It'll be a really tough challenge for us but we've got to be confident after the performance.
"I felt we were still in control of the game, maybe we didn't play football as much in the last 20 minutes. I feel we gave them the Dzeko goal, which put up a few nerves, maybe, I don't know why.
"The penalty I thought was harsh, I thought his [James Milner's] arms were by his side, but we've got to stay confident. It was a good performance for 70 minutes.
"Some of the runs and some of the balls in behind were brilliant. We were disappointed not to score more, to be honest. But we've got to be positive. We knew it wouldn't be easy and it won't be easy over there, it'll be really tough, as Barcelona found.
"We'll need to be at our best but I'd fancy us to go there and score, with the forward players we've got. It'll be a challenge but one we've got to look forward to."
"We're doing something we haven't done before," actress Emerald Fennell tells us
Call the Midwife is known for tackling sad and serious issues, but season five is focusing on one in particular: Thalidomide.
Advertisement
Thalidomide was a drug first marketed in the late 1950s as a sleeping pill but it was found to help nausea and morning sickness, so the medication was soon prescribed for pregnant women.
During 1960, doctors began to worry about the drug's side effects, after long-term users reported nerve damage. But soon the extent of the side effects were clear.
Thalidomide was found to harm the development of unborn babies and cause serious birth defects, especially if taken in the first four to eight weeks of pregnancy. The drug led to the arms or legs of the babies being very short or incompletely formed. Other side effects also included deformed eyes, ears and hearts.
In the late 50s and early 60s over 10,000 children were born with thalidomide-related disabilities worldwide. Around 40% of affected babies are reported to die at or shortly after birth.
Call the Midwife is known for tackling sad and serious issues, but season five is focusing on one in particular: Thalidomide.
“The sense of responsibility with covering something so big and so important as Thalidomide was felt by everybody at all levels in the production,” actor Stephen McGann tells us.
“For the actors, it was very easy for us to see just how much this meant, how much care needed to be taken and everybody has to step up for that,” McGann, who plays Doctor Turner, added. “We still feel that because with the theme of Thalidomide there is still more of the story to be unfolded.”
Thalidomide was a drug first marketed in the late 1950s as a sleeping pill but was prescribed to help nausea and morning sickness in pregnant women. The medication was later found to harm the development of unborn babies and cause serious birth defects, with over 10,000 children born with thalidomide-related disabilities worldwide in the early 1960s.
Scenes involving babies with severe birth defects were “very emotional” to film, Emerald Fennell, who plays Nurse Patsy, tells us. But when it came to tackling the actual births of these babies affected by Thalidomide, there were practical issues to contend with too. “It's logistically quite complicated,” she explains.
Call the Midwife normally uses real newborn babies under 10-days-old (with pregnant mums being booked before they even go into labour) to film their birth scenes – lesions or wounds are added using the magic of CGI – but these births called for “a lot of moving prosthetics.”
“It's quite complicated because we're doing something we haven't done before,” Fennell tells us.
“The prosthetics are great because they're designed to weigh the same as real babies. They take a bit of getting used to because they look so real; you have that moment when you first see them and think it's a real baby. You end up holding them like a real baby,” she admits.
Creator Heidi Thomas shares Fennell's sentiment, revealing that they even named the prosthetic babies. “She was called baby Susan… They handed her to me and I just looked down at this little thing in the crook of my arm – and it did choke me, it really did,” she told Radio Times earlier this year.
“There are various degrees with the thalidomide prosthetics. Some have smaller limbs than others,” adds Fennell. “They're amazing because our makeup department operate them to make them breathe. It's very moving and sort of awful to see because they really do look like real babies. All the art department have been amazing.”
When it came to Thalidomide, it was important for the show to strike a balance between upsetting and uplifting moments, says Fennell: “People went on to live amazing lives as campaigners and have rich family lives, so we're very careful to show that it's a bad thing, but good can come out of it. It's a bittersweet balance.”
Whatever Call the Midwife has achieved so far this series, they seem to be getting it right, with last Sunday's episode drawing in over 7.5 million viewers. When it comes to reactions from fans, McGann reveals that the cast and crew have “been overwhelmed” too.
Advertisement
“We are very lucky, we are very privileged, very fortunate that we can do this to such a big audience,” he says.
A big-game hunter from Argentina died Saturday when he was trampled by an elephant he was preparing to shoot. AP file photo
Click to email (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Today's episode of NASCAR America airs from 5-6 p.m. ET on NBCSN and looks back at the weekend's racing at Auto Club Speedway.
Rutledge Wood hosts with Jeff Burton, Kyle Petty and Dale Jarrett from the “Big Oak Table” at NBC Charlotte.
What to expect from the show.
Martin Truex Jr. flashed his championship form from last year and earned his first win of the 2018 season Sunday in Fontana. We'll recap the last race of NASCAR Goes West from around the “Big Oak Table” at our NBC Sports studios in Charlotte. Plus, Rut and the gang will hand out the West Coast awards, honoring the best moments from the Vegas-Phoenix-Fontana run.
NASCAR is a sport built on families, and it's seen lots of kids grow up at the track through the years. We'll spend time discussing the next generation to catch the racing bug – including Harrison Burton, son of our Jeff Burton.
If you can't catch today's show on TV, you also can watch it via the online stream at http:/nascarstream.nbcsports.com.
If you plan to stream the show on your laptop or portable device, be sure to have your username and password from your cable/satellite/telco provider handy so your subscription can be verified.
Once you enter that information, you'll have access to the stream.
Click here at 5 p.m. ET to watch live via the stream.
HOUSTON — The Latest on the health of former President George H.W. Bush (all times local):
12:10 p.m.
A family spokesman says former President George H.W. Bush is still “responding and recovering” as doctors treat him for an infection that's spread to his blood.
Bush has been hospitalized since Sunday, a day after attending the funeral of his wife, Barbara.
Family spokesman Jim McGrath issued the update Tuesday. He says previous updates also still stand, in that the 93-year-old former president is responding to treatments and appears to be recovering.
Bush has a form of Parkinson's disease along with a history of pneumonia and other infections. He's being treated at Houston Methodist Hospital.
——
3 a.m.
A spokesman says former President George H.W. Bush is eager to get well so he can get to his summer home in Kennebunkport, Maine.
Jim McGrath says the 93-year-old Bush is “the most goal-oriented person on this planet.”
Bush has been hospitalized in Houston with an infection, just after attending the funeral of his wife, Barbara. McGrath said Monday that Bush is “responding to treatments and appears to be recovering.”
McGrath says he was admitted Sunday morning to Houston Methodist Hospital after an infection spread to his blood. He wouldn't elaborate on the 41st president's condition Monday night, saying updates will be issued “as events warrant.”
Bush uses a wheelchair and an electric scooter for mobility after developing a form of Parkinson's disease.
Barbara Bush was laid to rest Saturday.
(Animal Adventure Park via AP). In this photo provided by Animal Adventure Park in Binghamton, N.Y., a giraffe named April kisses her new calf on Saturday, April 15, 2017. Her birth was broadcast to an online audience with more than a million viewers.
(Animal Adventure Park via AP). In this photo provided by Animal Adventure Park in Binghamton, N.Y., a giraffe named April stands with her new calf on Saturday, April 15, 2017. Her birth was broadcast to an online audience of more than a million viewers.
HARPURSVILLE, N.Y. (AP) - The long-awaited arrival of April the giraffe's baby in upstate New York has made Animal Adventure Park the second most live-viewed channel in YouTube's history.
YouTube says April's livestream had more than 232 million live views and 7.6 billion minutes of live watch time since February, second only to League of Legends eSports, which has been around since 2012.
The not-yet-named male baby giraffe was running around with its mother within three hours of birth Saturday at the private zoo in Harpursville, a village 130 miles (210 kilometers) northwest of New York City.
Animal Adventure Park owner Jordan Patch says the baby is healthy and April is recovering "perfectly."
April and the baby will be introduced to the public when the park opens for the season next month.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
We may still be basking in the bliss of a new year, but we can't fully say goodbye to 2017 until we take care of one crucial task: filing our taxes. Tax season officially opened on Monday, meaning that you can start filing for the 2017 tax year now. Some of us may be grateful to get the oft-dreaded task over with, but many will wait until the last minute. According to a TurboTax survey, 20 to 25 percent of all Americans dally until the last minute. This doesn't help us with the stress of it all, which can be mighty — a 2017 report by the American Psychological Association found that Uncle Sam's demands weigh heavily on our minds, with 28 percent of adults in the U.S saying that high taxes are a source of stress.
“I think one of the best things you can do is just get started ASAP,” Andrea Coombes, an investing specialist at NerdWallet, tells NBC News BETTER. A great way to start is to use a tax estimate calculator online. H&R Block has one, as does NerdWallet and TurboTax. Here's how to get the most out of this tool and understand the basics so that by the time the April 17 deadline comes, you'll have this all far behind you.
Make Sure You Have All Your Forms — Including From Your Bank
Before you start with the calculator, make sure that you have not only all your W-2s and 1099s (employers have until today to get everything to you in the mail), but also a 1099-INT from your bank. “This is for your interest income,” says Jackie Perlman, principal tax research analyst at The Tax Institute at H&R Block. “And it's where a lot of people make a mistake: they leave this income off their return.”
It's an easy error to make because if the interest you earned is under $10, you may not receive anything from your bank. So make sure you look through all your monthly bank statements, and/or request a 1099-INT from your bank so you don't end up possibly getting in trouble over a few bucks or less.
28 percent of adults in the U.S say that high taxes are a source of stress. 28 percent of adults in the U.S say that high taxes are a source of stress.
Assess How Much Was Withheld: This Impacts Your Refund (Or Your Bill)
How much do you really owe the IRS? This is the main question the tax calculator will establish, but the answer largely depends on what kind of withholdings you chose when you filled out your W-4 way back when (unless you're self-employed, which is an entirely different conversation, unfortunately). Depending on the type of calculator, you'll want to enter both your salary sans taxes and the amount that your employer withheld from your paychecks (this information will be on your W-2).
“I see a lot of people put fewer allowances on their W-4, which means more is withheld, and then they get a bigger refund, some put more allowances so less is withheld and they end up owing,” says Perlman, adding that system is set up this way so that ideally you'll break even when it comes tax time, but of course, it never quite works that way.
Girls Taking up the Gauntlet
Laudable step in the fight against early marriage
Feb 2 2018 (The Daily Star, Bangladesh) - The commendable initiative of a group of girls combating early marriage in Trishal, as reported by The Daily Star on Thursday, shows how social problems like child marriage are best handled: through greater community involvement. The girls are working to raise awareness of the consequences of early marriage among local people and girls/women themselves so that they can resist any such attempts on their own, without recourse to administrative measures and other such interventions. In the last two months alone, encouraged by the local UNO and community leaders, they prevented 10 early marriages.
The fight against early marriage in Bangladesh is not an easy one, given the complex socioeconomic reality, lack of awareness, and loopholes in child marriage laws which allow for exceptions in “special” cases. The country has the highest rate of early marriage under the age of 15, yet its policy responses and administrative actions to stop the practice have been quite inadequate. There is a sense that the issue is not being dealt with enough urgency. But the initiatives taken by the girls in Trishal, and others in various other districts in the country, show that the fight against early marriage is not a losing battle and that there have been encouraging gains at the community level despite the dispiriting national figure.
That said, there is no alternative to a coordinated effort for a better outcome. The fight against child marriage will be a lot easier if the community initiatives are backed by sustained administrative support and legal intervention, especially in places that have proved to be resistant to such attempts.
This story was originally published by The Daily Star, Bangladesh
Former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar, who is currently suspended from competition, has informed the promotion his professional fighting career is over.
UFC officials confirmed the news to ESPN.com on Tuesday, following an initial report by MMAFighting.com.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) also confirmed it was aware of Lesnar's retirement. Due to the retirement, Lesnar is no longer included in USADA's testing pool, under the UFC's anti-doping program.
Last month, Lesnar, 39, was handed a one-year suspension from USADA due to a pair of failed drug tests in 2016. The Nevada State Athletic Commission also suspended Lesnar for one year. The suspensions do not affect his professional wrestling career in WWE.
Lesnar would have been eligible to return to active competition in July, but his USADA suspension freezes with this announcement. Should Lesnar (5-3) opt to resume his UFC career at any point, he would be required to fulfill the remaining five months of that suspension.
Lesnar has not commented publicly on his retirement.
A former NCAA Division I national champion wrestler, Lesnar came out of a nearly five-year retirement to face Mark Hunt at UFC 200 last July in Las Vegas. Lesnar won the fight via unanimous decision, but it was later changed to a no-contest after the positive tests were revealed.
Lesnar tested positive for the anti-estrogenic substance clomiphene. He denied knowingly taking the banned substance.
I love Paris in the springtime, sang Father Ted famously, before being cut down mercilessly by Mrs Doyle.
But the last howls of winter are more evident in the French capital than any sprigs of the first season of the year.
It's cold, it's wet, and the brief rays of sunshine serve only to blind and barely take the edge off the bitter wind.
The weather forecast for Saturday's game is overcast with a probability of rain.
The day should brighten up at Nigel Owens' final whistle when Ireland claim victory over Les Miserables, otherwise known as the France national team.
Outside the hotel in Saint Michel a street dancer is bopping to some rave beat. I warn him, ‘keep moving with that level of enthusiasm and Jacques Brunel is likely to come by and hand you a cap'.
The Ireland fans we meet in the narrow streets around the sixth arrondissement are boisterous and full of expectation.
They are not used to this feeling of superiority but, encouraged and loosened by vin rouge, they are hopelessly optimistic, this is the year, they feel.
Meanwhile, police and army troops patrol a city still on high alert, a remnant of recent terror attacks, one at the stadium in Saint Denis back in 2015.
So vast is the city that the area that we stay in has barely any suggestions that France are playing a Six Nations game.
One woman says she thinks France and Ireland are playing rugby, and nothing more.
An early morning stroll under the grey Paris sky and along the cobblestone streets ends with a café au lait and a petit dejeuner in Le Depart, a roadside café jammed with a few too many tables
Christoph, my friendly waiter, waves me in and later produces the smallest glass of orange juice ever served with a straight face.
"You are here for the rugby, no?" he asks. "For you, I say, Ireland will beat France."
They are not very good, he signals with a thumbs-down. He's not wrong.
The early rising pet detectives among the travelling Irish supporters are beginning to emerge, desperately seeking the hairs of the many dogs that bit them last night.
Other, more mature fans take their teenage children on tour to see some of the many sights the city has to offer.
I spot just one Bleu jersey as the game continues to pass the majority by for the moment.
Shortly, we'll jump on the RER train and go non-stop to Stade de France where the Irish hordes hope soon to have one more reason to love Paris in the springtime.
Meek Mill released from Prison
American rapper Meek Mill has just been released from prison custody, a statement on his Twitter page confirms.
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania made the decision to release him following a long legal battle challenging his conviction. The court's decision overruled Judge Genece Brinkley, who has been criticised for the sentence, even after prosecutors said that it be overturned because of a corruption case against his arresting officer Reginald Graham.
Brinkley had denied Meek Mill bail last week and set a hearing for 60 days later. That decision was overturned today. The court also said that Brinkley may decide to remove herself from the case, according to TMZ.
The rapper was earlier arrested for popping wheelies on a dirt bike and getting into a fight, both of which violated his probation from a 2008 gun and drug case. He was then sentenced to 2 – 4 years in prison in November 2017, for violating his parole.
Since his conviction, celebrities and social media users have been protesting his imprisonment using the #FreeMeekMill hashtag.
In his tweets, Meek Mill said:
I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorneys, my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z, Desiree Perez, my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time.” While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive.” To the Philadelphia District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice – not only for my case, but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct. Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career.
According to Meek Mill's lawyer Joe Tacopina, “Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail. Meek is excited to be reunited with his family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured.”
The post Meek Mill released from Prison appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
When he's on the road, country legend Trace Adkins can usually be found on the green.
The singer tells Fox News that no matter where he's performing, he always tries to the nearest golf course to let off some steam with his buddies. But when he's home, it's goodbye manicured lawns and hello backcountry woods.
Clearing timber, fishing, and finding wildlife are just a few of this nature lover's favorite outdoor hobbies.
“When I'm on the road I play golf, I have three or four guys in my band. We're all about the same caliber of golfers, we're just good enough that they won't make us leave and we can play pretty much any golf course,” said Adkins.
HOW TO BUILD YOUR OWN GRILL FOR OUTDOOR COOKING
But when the country star is home, he forgoes the fancy course for a more rugged pasttime.
“I'm in the woods I'm thinning timber, cutting weeds, clearing fence rows, I'm fishing, feeding deer, feeding turkey,” Adkins says.
The once avid hunter says he's not hunting as much as he used to “because I can afford groceries now but I keep the deer and the turkey around just in case you know zombie apocalypse.”
When it comes to fishing Adkins has one method that works best for him– and anyone out there with enough capital.
“I don't go on fishing trips anymore, I stocked my own hole full of fish so I don't fish I just catch,” Adkins said with a laugh. “So that's my tip, get your own pond and stock it with fish and that's the way to go.”
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
Adkins, who turned 55 this January, still keeps a jam-packed touring schedule. He's currently on the road promoting his 12th studio album, “Something's Going On.” He's also performing for the troops in his 12th USO showcase.
The country says he will do close to 100 shows this year and claims he'll keep doing it “until nobody wants to hear him to do it anymore.”
“Watered Down” is Adkins' favorite single from his latest album. As the country star puts it, “I think it kind of reflects that I have mellowed a little bit.
“There's a line in the song, ‘We still love our whiskey, it's just a little watered down.' In other words, I'll still be at the party, I may not be the guy swinging off the chandelier– but I'm there.”
Don't read on if you don't want to know the answer…
* Warning: Spoilers. Do not read if you haven't seen One of Us episode 4 *
Advertisement
“What is the truth, Bill?” asked Claire Elliot of Jon Lynch's farmer in the final episode of One Of Us and about 50 minutes later we learned the answer.
The truth was that Bill dun it.
The stern farmer with the astonishing facial foliage met the killer Lee Walsh by chance in Edinburgh. Bill was buying farm supplies, Walsh was trying to mug him and failed. But suddenly Bill hit upon the wheeze of paying him to kill his son-in-law Adam Elliot. His motive? He had discovered (and more on how later) that he wasn't Grace's father (Louise's ex, Peter, played by Adrian Edmondson was) which meant that Adam was actually the half brother of his wife. Bill couldn't stomach that.
But the murder went wrong. Rather than just dispatch Adam, Grace had disturbed the killer over the corpse of her husband and she was then gruesomely dispatched herself. That wasn't what Bill planned. She was meant to be away that night.
Bill, we learned, then killed off Walsh – who happen to crash near the homes of the two families – to stop him telling all.
It was a dramatic conclusion but one which rather stretched plausibility to breaking point.
Firstly, would any man kill their son-in-law on such spurious grounds? I mean, really?
What a drastic course of action, especially for a Christian. If you are so fervent in your belief about the ”sin” of incest that you believe will damn you to hell, then surely the sin of killing your son-in-law weighs highly too. And what would killing Adam achieve? Grace was still pregnant…
It also felt a bit too much like blaming the religious nutter to get out of a plot hole.
Also, the whole business of him finding about about Grace's paternity from a DNA test for her didn't ring true. Bill supposedly ordered the tests to check if his Parkinson's would be handed down to her. But there is no conclusive evidence that Parkinson's is a hereditary condition that can be passed on within families, apart from in exceptionally rare cases. So that didn't work. Or ring true. Or pass the credibility test.
But Bill it was.
And when he was rumbled, it seemed highly bizarre that the police would allow him to trot off to get his clothes alone in his own home. He is a farmer, he is likely to have a weapon somewhere. And he did.
So he grabbed a shotgun and threatened to shoot himself while confessing everything that happened.
Blimey.
Also, there were some other plot points that went nowhere. Laura Fraser's copper Juliet got away with her dodgy sideline of dealing acid and the rape story involving Anna (Georgina Campbell) just fizzled into nowhere, a mere convenient device to suggest a possible motive for her earlier in the drama.
Advertisement
I still quite enjoyed this show in some respects. I was asking questions right up to the end and I stuck with it. But sadly the final scenes felt like a bit of let-down.
Calangute: Ignoring the intelligence inputs about terror threat, lakhs of Indian tourists rang in the New Year along the Calangute beach belt on Saturday midnight.Traffic cell personnel were on their toes due to heavy traffic jams while temporary parking areas were packed to capacity. Calangute traffic cell had deployed 210 personnel to man traffic along the beach belt. Many buses and mini buses brought in low-budget tourists from neighbouring states, thereby swelling the traffic flow. This is the largest crowd ever seen at Calangute, said traffic PI Salim Sheikh. Lakhs of tourists were seen at the Calangute beach who consumed alcohol and littered the beach with bottles and garbage while enjoying the New Year eve on Saturday night.
Many tourists continued their Goa sojourn on Sunday making merry along the beach belt with heavy vehicles parked near St Alex Church.Reliable police sources said that there was a terror threat to Goa and Pune as such high-level meeting was held on Saturday evening. Higher police officials also visited Calangute to prevent lapses.The traffic cell conducted surprise checks on vehicles having tinted glasses. Traffic cell personnel from Mapusa, Panaji, Anjuna, Bicholim, Ponda and Calangute police stations and four traffic PIs regulated traffic flow in Calangute.Traffic PI Salim Sheikh said that parking slots were packed by 4 in the evening. At temporary parking spot near St Alex church, more than 300 buses and traveler tempos were parked. Temporary parking at Baga in Shani property was also packed to capacity. As per sources in Calangute traffic cell, though Arpora bridge work is yet to be completed, the situation was under control with there being no major mishap reported.In Candolim, it was a bit less crowded compared to Calangute and Baga. Vehicles especially two-wheelers that were haphazardly parked and blocked other vehicles were compounded by traffic cops. Movable carts selling ice cream and roadside food stalls added to the traffic problem. [NT]
[April 24, 2018] New Tax Law and Market Decline Impact Average Americans' Financial Satisfaction: Index to be Released this Thursday, April 26
The American Institute of CPAs (AICPA) will release the results for the first quarter of 2018 Personal Financial Satisfaction Index (PFSi), a quarterly economic gauge that measures the personal financial standing of a typical American, at 7:00 a.m. EDT, Thursday, April 26. This quarter's release is the first time the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has been felt in the index. In recent quarters, Americans have been experiencing record high levels of personal financial satisfaction thanks in large part to a surging bull market. Whereas personal taxes have been the largest contributor to financial pain for seven quarters in a row. Now, after the stock market's recent decline and with the new tax law in effect, the PFSi will provide an empirical measure of how the average American is feeling about their finances in these dynamic times. In addition, the AICPA will be releasing new data from Harris Poll which questions Americans about their personal financial satisfaction levels. The PFSi weighs a variety of economic factors to calculate the personal financial satisfaction of a typical American. Using both proprietary and normalized U.S. government data, the PFSi is comprised of two component indices that measure positive (Personal Financial Pleasure) and negative (Personal Financial Pain) factors equally. As a point of comparison, the University of Michigan's monthly Consumer Sentiment Survey, questions American households on their financial conditions and attitudes about the economy. Pleasure factors include the proprietary PFS 750 Market Index, comprised of the 750 largest companies by market capitalization trading on the U.S. market, excluding mutual funds and ETFs. The additional components are the AICPA's CPA Outlook Index, as well as Real Home EquityPer Capita and Job Openings Per Capita. Pain factors include inflation, personal taxes, loan delinquencies and underemployment. Additional information on the PFSi can be found at: AICPA.org/PFSi. Reporters interested in the embargoed results or to speak with a CPA financial planner should contact Jonathan Lynch at 212-596-6033 or Jonathan.Lynch@aicpa-cima.com.
Methodology The Personal Financial Satisfaction Index (PFSi) is the result of two component sub-indexes. It is calculated as the difference between the Personal Financial Pleasure Index and the Personal Financial Pain Index. These are comprised of four equally weighted factors, each of which measure the growth of assets and opportunities, in the case of the Pleasure Index, and the erosion of assets and opportunities, in the case of the Pain Index. About the AICPA's PFP Division The AICPA's Personal Financial Planning (PFP) Section is the premier provider of information, tools, advocacy, and guidance for CPAs who specialize in providing estate, tax, retirement, risk management, and investment planning advice to individuals, families, and business owners. The primary objective of the PFP Section is to support its members by providing resources that enable them to perform valuable PFP services in the highest professional manner. CPA financial planners are held to the highest ethical standards and are uniquely able to integrate their extensive knowledge of tax and business planning with all areas of personal financial planning to provide objective and comprehensive guidance for their clients. The AICPA offers the Personal Financial Specialist (PFS) credential exclusively to CPAs who have demonstrated their expertise in personal financial planning through testing, experience and learning, enabling them to gain competence and confidence in PFP disciplines. About the American Institute of CPAs The American Institute of CPAs (AICPA) is the world's largest member association representing the CPA profession, with more than 418,000 members in 143 countries, and a history of serving the public interest since 1887. AICPA members represent many areas of practice, including business and industry, public practice, government, education and consulting. The AICPA sets ethical standards for its members and U.S. auditing standards for private companies, nonprofit organizations, federal, state and local governments. It develops and grades the Uniform CPA Examination, offers specialized credentials, builds the pipeline of future talent and drives professional competency development to advance the vitality, relevance and quality of the profession. The AICPA maintains offices in New York, Washington, DC, Durham, NC, and Ewing, NJ. Media representatives are invited to visit the AICPA Press Center at www.aicpa.org/press About the Association of International Certified Professional Accountants The Association of International Certified Professional Accountants (the Association) is the most influential body of professional accountants, combining the strengths of the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA) and The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants ( CIMA (News - Alert) ) to power opportunity, trust and prosperity for people, businesses and economies worldwide. It represents 650,000 members and students in public and management accounting and advocates for the public interest and business sustainability on current and emerging issues. With broad reach, rigor and resources, the Association advances the reputation, employability and quality of CPAs, CGMAs and accounting and finance professionals globally. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005986/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
ORANGE BEACH, Ala. — Deep beneath the surface, off the coast of Alabama, lies a hidden treasure not known to man for thousands of years: an ancient underwater forest.
Long concealed and preserved under a thick layer of sediment are clusters of cypress trees, which scientists believe was uncovered by Hurricane Ivan back in 2004.
The exact spot of the forest was unknown for years until local fishermen happened upon it, just by noticing something odd on the sonar.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed A Look at the Ancient Underwater Forest Found Along Alabama Coast 2:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“We didn't know what it was,” said Chas Broughton, a local fisherman. “And that's why we thought we need to get some scientists out here.”
And when the scientists did show up, it was determined that the trees dated as far back as the ice ages, some 60,000 years ago.
The challenge now for the forest is that these once buried trees are beginning to decompose as the mud that preserved the trees got washed away by Hurricane Ivan.
Researchers from Louisiana State University estimate the forest was about half a square mile, that's because they believe where the Gulf of Mexico is now, there was an island with a fresh water river rushing right through it.
Some scientists say these trees may hold key clues to how climate change could affect the future.
"These trees died very quickly and we want to see how that's tied to sea-level rise," said Kristine DeLong, a paleo-climatologist at Louisiana State University.
The discovery of the ancient forest is also the subject of a popular documentary film. filmmaker and AL.com environmental reporter Ben Raines documented the journey 60 feet below the surface to learn a little bit more about the trees in a documentary film.
“You're in this sort of ethereal fairy world, where the stumps are covered in Anemones and everything,” said Raines. “But you realize they're trees.”
Planning on celebrating 4/20 this Thursday? You aren't alone.
According to a new poll released Monday, 52 percent of Americans over 18 have tried marijuana at some point in their lives. The survey conducted by Yahoo News and Marist Poll found that not only have most adults in the U.S. smoked pot, 44 percent of those who tried it once still use it today.
The poll, titled Weed and the American Family, looks at everything from family views on marijuana use to regulation, entertainment, social acceptability, and more. And of course it comes just in time for the unofficial holiday of cannabis culture that falls on April 20th each year.
Despite marijuana still being federally classified as a dangerous Schedule I drug, on par with heroin, American attitudes toward the drug have changed over time. The Yahoo-Marist poll found that, out of the respondents who have tried pot at some point, 65 percent are parents. In fact, people who are current marijuana users are slightly more likely to be parents, at 51 percent.
The poll also found that American parents aren't that worried about their kids smoking weed. Out of all parents surveyed (not just those who had tried marijuana), the leading concern is a fear that their kids will smoke cigarettes. It was true in reverse, too: those surveyed said they thought their own parents would be more upset if they smoked tobacco rather than marijuana.
Farmworkers process newly-harvested marijuana plants, at Los Suenos Farms, America's largest legal open air marijuana farm, in Avondale, southern Colo. on Oct. 4, 2016. Brennan Linsley / AP, file
Responses to legalization were varied. While more than 8 in 10 Americans (83 percent) support legalizing medical marijuana, people are evenly split on recreational policy — 49 percent of Americans support legalizing marijuana for recreational use while 47 percent oppose it, according to the poll.
And most (62 percent) respondents said they wouldn't use marijuana as a self-prescribed pain reliever even if it were legal.
Recreational marijuana use is now legal in eight states and the District of Columbia — with a majority of U.S. states offering legal cannabis products to patients for medical use.
According to both Snopes and Time magazine, the use of the number 420 to signify marijuana use stems from 1971, when a group of high school students in California's Bay Area met regularly at 4:20 p.m. to smoke pot. One of the teens reportedly knew a member of the Grateful Dead and passed on the tradition, and the rest is hemp history.
With America more divided than ever, where can you turn to meet nice people who treat each other with the respect and civility that we all deserve? As Reader's Digest recently found out in its nationwide search for the Nicest Place in America, lots of places! In a recent poll, 75 percent of Americans called incivility a “national crisis.” Well, we found nearly 300 places where that's just not the case–and here are the top 10!
1. Gallatin, Tennessee Photograph by Glenn GlasserGallatin is our winner for Nicest Places in America 2017. Aside from winning our online popular vote, Gallatin separated itself from the pack among our judges, who felt that the town's story of racial reconciliation and grace through hardship really showed what “nice” is made of. It's easy to be “nice” when things are going well. It's much harder when folks face challenges. (Read more about Gallatin and why it's the Nicest Place in America in 2017.)
2. Pflugerville High School near Austin, Texas Courtesy Sara HerreraPflugerville High is a special place. High schools aren't exactly known for their random acts of kindness, but Pflugerville is different. In an era when kids get trolled for being different, the student body at Pflugerville High goes out of its way to be accepting to all. (Read more about the unique ways that Pflugerville students make all welcome.)
Content continues below ad
3. Rock Hall, Maryland Photograph by Erin Patrice O'brienRock Hall is the kind of place you visit and think, “I should move her.” On Maryland's Chesapeake Bay, this town treats strangers like neighbors and neighbors like family. “Nice” is even part of this 310-year-old town's motto: “Nice People Live Here.” (Read more about why Rock Hall is one of the Nicest Places in America.)
4. The Doak's House in Waterford, Ohio Courtesy Janelle Patterson/Marietta TimesRoger and Shirley Doak are the kinds of neighbors we wish we all had, and for one weekend a year, they show us all how we should behave every single day. Encapsulating the best of small-town America, the Doaks turn everyone into family– especially on Apple Butter Weekend. (Read more about this special tradition.)
5. Oriole Park in Baltimore, Maryland Scott Taetsch/CSM/Shutterstock Professional baseball isn't just our national pastime, it can also be a force for good in the world. By holding its powerful spotlight at the right angle, Oriole Park has gone beyond its role as America's best ballpark to help big-hearted Baltimore honor its most important heroes. (Read more about how OPACY isn't merely America's best ballpark.)
Content continues below ad
6. KidsCycle: NS in Shorewood, Wisconsin Photograph by Jim WielandSometimes something small can turn into something big. In Shorewood, Wisconsin, a tiny online group built for families to swap gently used goods has turned into a social movement. This town outside of Milwaukee created a Facebook page to ensure that all of its citizens are looked after. (Read more about what makes KidsCycle special.)
7. Providence, Rhode Island AP Photo/Charles Krupa Here's all you need to know: The Good Night Lights project will absolutely melt your heart when you read about it. It melted ours. (Read more about Good Night Lights and why Providence is one of the Nicest Places in America.)
8. Franklin, Nebraska Courtesy Jill ChristensenWhen the darkness of cancer closes in around you and your family, where can you turn for help? For the residents of Franklin, a tiny town of 1,000 in Nebraska, to each other. Nobody circles the wagons like the folks in Franklin, who band together to face challenges big and small, leaving no one behind. (Read more about Franklin and its resilient community.)
Content continues below ad
9. Hayesville, North Carolina Courtesy Hinton CenterWhat would you if your town was surrounded by wildfires? Call in the Hotshots, of course! This federal firefighting crew was parachuted into the tiny hamlet of Hayesville when it was surrounded by 10,000 acres of fires. Through weeks of some of the toughest firefighting these heroes had ever experienced the townspeople worked night and day to make them feel welcome and cared for. It's a potent reminder of the power of gratitude. (Read more of the inspiring story of the Hayesville Hotshots.)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Croydon mum is calling for the head teacher of Heavers Farms Primary School to resign after several parents were outraged by a planned "pride march" at the school on Friday, June 29.
Ruth Anderson, 34, from Thornton Heath, says she feels Susan Papas, head teacher of both Heavers Farm and Selsdon Primary schools has abused her role as head teacher in planning the pride march and should step down.
Mrs Anderson explained that several parents had refused to let their children go to school on the day of the march in protest against the pride march, to which parents were invited on Friday (June 29).
But after a group of parents threatened to protest, the march was cancelled and was instead held inside a classroom as a smaller event.
Ms Papas said she was saddened that what was meant to be a positive celebration for children has turned into a call for her resignation.
Mrs Anderson said: "We were given this whole story that it was all about having pride in yourself, but that's ridiculous."
"There were rainbow flags around the school, and the kids were even told to wear bright colours. That's not having pride in yourself, that is blatant support for LGBT.
"I am not homophobic, but my faith teaches me a certain set of beliefs, and I do not want my child's school making her choices for her."
Other parents have spoken about their "disappointment" that the march did not take place. One parent told the Evening Standard: "The parade was about teaching the kids love has no label and celebrating love in all its forms.
“Some parents have taken exception to this. They feel the school is shoving LGBT issues down the kids' throats. This takes us back decades.”
(Image: David Cook)
Labour MP for Croydon North Steve Reed, who is openly gay and has been a strong advocate for LGBT rights, was one of the attendees of the event. He tweeted: “With the wonderful staff and children at Heavers Farm for their Pride celebration — very proud of them for standing up for equality and diversity.”
But Mrs Anderson claimed she was far from alone in her protest against the march, and that a PTA meeting has been planned where Ms Papas' resignation will be demanded.
She went on to say that she felt as though her child was being forced to believe certain things by teachers, rather than going to school "and learning academic subjects like maths, English and science."
"Our children are respectful of others because that is what they are taught at home. If the school has any issues regarding how the children behave in school or have expectations that children should be respectful of everyone, then that is fine," she said.
"Heavers Farm have their school values printed on their walls. Why are they forcing children to accept laws or other lifestyle choices?
"As adults we respect other people's choices in life but we are not forced to accept anything or take part in anything, so why do this to children?"
Mrs Anderson stressed that she is looking for the school apologise as she feels that it is trying to use her children to push an unwanted agenda.
She said she had no other choice than to send her child to school, and that she should therefore be comfortable with what is being taught at the school.
But Mrs Anderson believes that as a parent, she should have control over how her children are brought up and how they learn life values.
"Obviously ensuring that our children get in to top universities and excel in life is not as important to the school as learning about same-sex couples kissing."
Ms Papas has since responded to these comments, saying: "I am sad that what was planned as a positive celebration of what makes children proud has resulted in a parent calling for my resignation.
"We believe that it is important to teach children about diversity and acceptance. We have received many messages of support from parents for this.
"We stand by our decision to celebrate national Pride Month by teaching British values. We will continue to raise awareness of the diverse nature of our whole school community to ensure that everyone feels valued."
What do you think? Let us know your thoughts by emailing andy.datson@reachplc.com
OWINGS MILLS, Md. — For more than two decades, Baltimore Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome has stressed the importance of using the team's first pick in the NFL draft to snag the most talented player available, regardless of whether there's a pressing need at that position.
“From the very beginning, we've been a big believer in just taking the best player,” Newsome said. “That was from the very start, when we took Jonathan (Ogden in 1996).”
It is a process that completely made sense when the Ravens were Super Bowl contenders. Unfortunately, after missing the post-season for three straight years, it is a luxury Baltimore can no longer afford.
There are holes to fill, most notably at receiver, the offensive line and tight end. The Ravens are also in search of someone to lighten the load on the team's career sack leader, 35-year-old Terrell Suggs.
“There's a strong chance that if we do pick at 16, we'll find a guy that fills a specific need for this team that helps us win games early on,” assistant general manager Eric DeCosta said.
This will be the last time Newsome oversees the draft. His contract expires after this season, and DeCosta will take over in 2018.
Newsome's crafty dealings in free agency and the draft helped Baltimore win two Super Bowls and reach the playoffs 10 times since 2000. There have been some misfires, however, especially picking a receiver out of college.
Travis Taylor, Mark Clayton and Breshad Perriman failed to fulfil the expectations of a first-round selection. So does Newsome risk it again, perhaps with Alabama wideout Calvin Ridley or DJ Moore of Maryland?
Though Newsome has already added free agent receivers Michael Crabtree and John Brown and Willie Snead, the Ravens could still use some speed on the outside.
Then again, Newsome might just take Notre Dame offensive tackle Mike McGlinchey, putting him on the opposite end of the line from former Irish standout Ronnie Stanley.
There is no shortage of options.
“We have a very good understanding of the needs of our football team,” Newsome said. “What we try to do is to match that with the players.”
Some things to know about the Ravens' draft:
TIGHT END NEEDED
The leading receiver on the team last season was tight end Benjamin Watson, who joined the Saints as a free agent.
A replacement is sorely needed, and after failing to secure one through free agency, the Ravens will look to snag one in the draft.
“There are some pretty good ones out there. And they're of the athletic variety, pass-catching tight ends that certainly could help impact our offence,” said Joe Horitz, director of college scouting.
One of Newsome's best picks was tight end Todd Heap, selected in the first round in 2001 even though the Ravens already had future Hall of Fame star Shannon Sharpe.
TRADE OR NOT?
Newsome cryptically mentioned the possibility of trading the No. 16 pick, but DeCosta likes the idea of drafting in the middle of the round.
“We're in a good spot for a lot of different reasons,” DeCosta said. “I think 16 is a good spot to be in this draft. It plays well to our needs and different strategies.”
VOLCANO BREWING
Coach John Harbaugh has been in the Ravens draft room since 2008, and when it comes time for Baltimore to make a pick, he just gets out of the way.
“I'll tell you, it's like a volcano, kind of. It's festering, like, ‘Is this thing going to blow?' It never quite blows, but there's so much tension,” Harbaugh said.
In the end, though, it's Newsome's call.
“Ozzie pulls the trigger and makes a decision,” Harbaugh said, “and we all feel good about it.”
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Perriman missed the entire 2015 season with a knee injury, caught 33 passes in 2016 and last season had a mere 10 catches for the league's 29th-ranked passing attack.
Newsome also struck out with safety Matt Elam at No. 32 overall in 2013. But he recently found two fourth-round gems: Defensive end Brent Urban in 2014 and offensive lineman Alex Lewis in 2016.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Consultations vital to end ethnic crisis – Osinbajo
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo has said consultation with ethnic leaders is vital to end crisis in the country.
He disclosed this at a summit on promoting peace, democracy and stability organized by Journalists for Democratic Rights (JODER) held on Wednesday in Abuja.
Osinbajo, who was represented by the Special Adviser to the President on Political Matters, Senator Babafemi Ojudu, said the presidency has commenced intensive consultations with stakeholders to douse tension created by some ethnic associations through their utterances.
He added that the nation should see its socio-cultural differences as a source of strength rather than weaknesses, adding that any form of breakup will be costly.
He said the Igbos had invested so much outside the Igboland and war is not the solution.
“Nigerians should deepen social interactions and appreciate the positive sides of each other,” the acting President said.
The post Consultations vital to end ethnic crisis – Osinbajo appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic --Select-- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
"I have loved every minute of my time at EastEnders," said the star
Richard Blackwood is to leave EastEnders after three years playing the role of Vincent Hubbard. Speaking about the decision, the 45-year-old star said in a statement:
Advertisement
“I have loved every minute of my time at EastEnders and although I will be sad to say goodbye, after three years it feels the right time to leave.”
The news follows yesterday's announcement that Jenna Russell would also be exiting the BBC1 soap after little more than a year playing Michelle Fowler.
An EastEnders spokesperson said of Blackwood's departure: “We can confirm that Richard will be leaving EastEnders this spring. Richard has been a great addition to the show and we wish him all the best for the future.”
Police informant Vincent first appeared during a live episode to mark EastEnders's 30th anniversary. Since that debut, he's been involved in many high profile storylines, most notably his marriage to Kim Fox, a tempestuous relationship with mum Claudette and a battle with Walford's Mitchell clan.
On the topic of his future plans, Blackwood added: “I have been truly blessed with some great storylines since the moment I joined, but when I was presented with my last story, I knew it was time for Vincent to depart Walford.
“I'm now excited about what the future holds. I have a feature film out this year, I will be returning to theatre and also some great presenting TV gigs.”
You can watch a 60-second rundown of next week's drama on EastEnders below. Beneath that, there's our exclusive Week in Walford review show
Advertisement
And visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
By Annie Reuter
Update: Drake has deleted his Instagram post.
Drake surprised the crowd at Coachella this past weekend when he joined Future for a three-song performance of “Jumpman,” “Gyalchester” and “Fake Love” and while he looked like he had a blast on stage, the rapper revealed that he had a much less enjoyable experience when he was racially profiled during his stay at the Madison Club.
Related: Drake, Migos Joins Future on Stage at Coachella
While the club is described as “the most exclusive private residential community in La Quinta, California offering the finest golf and club facilities in an intimate and sophisticated setting,” it seems that Drizzy didn't enjoy all of the amenities the joint has to offer. After his visit to the establishment, Drake slammed the Madison Club on social media.
“The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling,” he captions an image of the club.
Drake's fans had his back and quickly began posting one-star ratings to the Madison Club on Yelp. If the country club didn't know who Drake was while he was staying there, they do now.
If you've been frantically searching the internet trying to find out how to downgrade iOS 10 and go back to iOS 9, we feel your pain. Truth be told, however, you're probably not going to like the answer. The straight answer is that it is possible to downgrade from iOS 10 to iOS 9, but only a small group of people are able to do so.
In short, you will have to have an iPhone with 32-bit architecture, one that supported iOS 10 in the first place. This means that you will only be able to do it with the iPhone 5 or iPhone 5C. However, don't celebrate just yet if you own either offering. Out of those folks who have either of these two iPhones, the ones that will be able to downgrade are the ones who were saving their SHSH blob files when they first updated to iOS 9. If you don't have these files, then you're out of luck.
In essence, we are basically talking about something called the re-restore bug, which allows you to install an unsigned firmware, provided that you have your SHSH blob files for said firmware.
What are SHSH blob files?
An SHSH blob file is a small file that is a digital signature generated by Apple when you update your iPhone. It is used to control which versions of iOS you can install on your iPhone; both iOS 10.3.2 and 10.3.1 are are currently signed by Apple. If you try to restore your iPhone to any other version, you won't be able to do so.
People who used to jailbreak their iPhones saved their SHSH blob file regularly. This means that if you have an iPhone 5 or 5C, and you saved the SHSH blob file when you updated to iOS 9, you will be able to downgrade. It won't be easy, however, unless you have the technical know-how and the required tools to accomplish this.
You can download an iPhone's SHSH blob file on this website by entering your device's ECID number. In short, you plug in your iPhone to your computer, open iTunes, and click your serial number until the ECID number appears. You then select which iPhone — in this case, either the iPhone 5 or 5C — and click submit. You will then be given a link to download your SHSH blob file.
There is no need to go through a detailed, step-by-step guide on how to do this because if you don't have this file already, then you won't be able to restore your iPhone 5 or 5C to iOS 9. You would've performed this step at the time you updated to iOS 9.
What do I need for the downgrade?
Let's talk about the tools that you will need to perform the downgrade.
Download the iDeviceReRestore tool, which is available for Windows, macOS, and Linux.
Have the IPSW file for your iOS 9.x firmware that you want to restore.
Have the saved .shsh blob file for the firmware you're trying to restore. Make sure that you download the correct iOS version for the .shsh blob file that you originally saved. Blob files cannot be OTA blobs, however. They should be blob files that you saved after performing an update through iTunes.
You'll obviously need your iPhone 5 or 5C.
Steps to downgrade from iOS 10 to iOS 9
Step 1: Unzip the iDeviceReRestore tool and name it “iDeviceReRestore.”
Step 2: Copy your IPSW firmware file into the iDeviceReRestore folder.
Step 3: Move your .shsh blob file into the shsh folder, which is located within the iDeviceReREstore folder (/iDeviceReRestore/shsh).
Step 4: For the sake of simplicity, give the IPSW file a shorter name. If the version is iOS 9.3.5, for example, then rename your file “935.ipsw.”
Step 5: Rename the shsh file so that it shows the ECID, iPhone model, and the firmware version all separated by a dash. For example, if you have an iPhone 5 with an ECID number of 12345678, the shsh file name should be “12345678-iPhone5,1-9.3.4.shsh.”
Step 6: Connect your iPhone to your computer and reboot into DFU mode.
Step 7: iTunes will notify you that your iPhone is in recovery mode. Click OK and don't click any other options.
Step 7: Open Command Prompt if using Windows, or Terminal if you're on a Mac. If you're having trouble locating either application, use the Search bar (Windows) or Spotlight (macOS).
Step 8: If using macOS, type “CD” and drag the iDeviceReRestore folder into the Terminal window. If using Windows, drag the iDeviceReRestore.exe file into the cCommand Prompt window. Afterward, press the Enter key.
Step 9: Type “./idevicererestore -r [insert IPSW filename]”. In our example, we would type “./idevicererestore -r 935.ipsw”.
After this, the tool will restore the iOS 9.x IPSW file onto your iPhone 5 or 5C.
As you can see, the answer to whether you can downgrade from iOS 10 to iOS 9 is not a straightforward one. For the majority of users, the answer is no. You really can't downgrade to any version of iOS that is unsigned. As far as iOS 10 is concerned, Apple signs iOS 10.3.2 and 10.3.1. Technically, you shouldn't be able to downgrade to any version lower than 10.3.1.
For users with an iPhone 5 or iPhone 5C, this tool may allow them to downgrade to iOS 9, but only those few who were saving their SHSH blob files at the time they updated to iOS 9.
[February 14, 2017] New Canon EOS M6 Digital Camera Adds Powerful Performance to EOS M Series Tweet MELVILLE, N.Y., Feb. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Designed with the advanced enthusiast photographer in mind, Canon U.S.A., Inc., a leader in digital imaging solutions, today announced the latest addition to its EOS M series – the Canon EOS M6 Interchangeable Lens Digital Camera; and a high performance External Electronic View Finder – the EVF-DC2, with approximately 2.36 million dots. For photographers who demand premium performance, the new EOS M6 Camera features the company's 24.2 Megapixel APS-C CMOS image sensor able to capture sharp, high-resolution images even in low-light situations, its most advanced image processor, DIGIC 7, and super-fast Dual Pixel CMOS AF speed, enabling photographers to capture clear, sharp, high-resolution images and Full HD videos. "The new Canon EOS M6 Camera and optional EVF-DC2 are ideal for expert and advanced amateur photographers looking for an easy, take-anywhere camera as well as a great choice for passionate image creators wanting to step up to produce high-quality images and videos that are easily shareable," said Yuichi Ishizuka, president and COO, Canon U.S.A., Inc. "It is with great passion that Canon continues to deliver variety to image makers across all skill levels and professional needs." Advanced photographers will find everything they need at their fingertips, with intuitive DSLR-like dials and control, as well as access to the entire lineup of Canon EF, EF-S and EF-M interchangeable lenses1, all in a compact, camera body to take with them wherever they go. Additional advanced EOS camera technologies built into the EOS M6 camera include: Fast & Accurate Dual Pixel CMOS AF with Phase-detection
24.2 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) Sensor
High-speed Continuous Shooting at up to 7.0 frames per second (fps) (up to 9.0 fps with AF Lock)
DIGIC 7 Image Processor, ISO 100–25600
Full HD 60p
Combination IS with five-axis Image Stabilization*
Built-in Wi-Fi® 2 , NFC 3 and Bluetooth® 4 technology
, NFC and Bluetooth® technology Intuitive Touch Screen, 3.0-inch Tilt-type LCD
Control & Customize with Five Functional Dials
Compatible with EF1, EF-S1 and EF-M Lenses & select EOS System Accessories The Canon EOS M6 features an in-camera five-axis digital image stabilization to help reduce camera shake when shooting videos. When shooting with a compatible lens featuring IS the EOS M6 will leverage both the optical IS in the lens and the in-camera digital IS through a Combination IS system, to help deliver tremendously smooth videos. Usability has been improved from the previous model with separate controls on top of the camera body for mode and exposure compensation plus the controller wheel on the back to cycle through menus and additional in-camera features professional photographers are used to accessing. The three-inch touch screen tilts approximately 180 degrees up and 45 degrees down for eay use when surfing the menus, composing an image, viewing images and videos or even taking a selfie. The new Canon EOS M6 Camera is scheduled to be available in both black and silver models through authorized Canon dealers or through the Canon Online store at http://shop.usa.canon.com/ in April 2017, for an estimated retail price of $779.99 for the body only**. It will also be sold as part of body-and-lens kits with EF-M 15-45mm/F3.5-6.3 IS STM zoom kit lens with an estimated retail price of $899.99**, and with the EF-M 18-150mm f/3.5-6.3 IS STM lens for an estimated retail price of $1,279.99**, scheduled to be available April 2017. For more information please visit, usa.canon.com/eosm6. Optional Electronic View Finder EVF-DC2
The optional Electronic View Finder EVF-DC2 is both smaller and lighter than the previous model and provides high-performance viewing with approximately 2.36 million dots. Connectivity is very important to today's photographers and the EOS M6 delivers built-in Wi-Fi®, NFC and Bluetooth® capability that can maintain a smooth constant connection with compatible smartphones or tablets when using the Canon Camera Connect App2,3,4.
CS100 Firmware Update
The new EOS M6 is compatible with the Canon Connect Station CS100, a go-to-photo and video hub that allows family and friends a way to quickly and easily store, manage view and share unforgettable memorable moments wirelessly5. Canon is also announcing today a firmware update to the Canon Connect Station CS100 and mobile application. The firmware update includes the following improvements: Compatibility for select Canon and non-Canon cameras, with a wider range of supported file formats 6
Support for video playback of computer-edited movies 7
Improved smartphone connectivity and compatibility For more information about the Canon Connect Station firmware update, please visit usa.canon.com/cs100mobile. To learn more about the EOS M6 visit usa.canon.com/eosm6. About Canon U.S.A., Inc. Canon U.S.A., Inc., is a leading provider of consumer, business-to-business, and industrial digital imaging solutions to the United States and to Latin America and the Caribbean markets. With approximately $29 billion in global revenue, its parent company, Canon Inc. (NYSE: CAJ), ranks third overall in U.S. patents granted in 2016† and is one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies in 2016. Canon U.S.A. is committed to the highest level of customer satisfaction and loyalty, providing 100 percent U.S.-based consumer service and support for all of the products it distributes. Canon U.S.A. is dedicated to its Kyosei philosophy of social and environmental responsibility. In 2014, the Canon Americas Headquarters secured LEED® Gold certification, a recognition for the design, construction, operations and maintenance of high-performance green buildings. To keep apprised of the latest news from Canon U.S.A., sign up for the Company's RSS news feed by visiting www.usa.canon.com/rss and follow us on Twitter @CanonUSA. For media inquiries, please contact pr@cusa.canon.com. † Based on weekly patent counts issued by United States Patent and Trademark Office. All referenced product names, and other marks, are trademarks of their respective owners. *Maximum image stabilization is achieved when using either the EF-M 18–150mm f/3.5–6.3 IS STM or the EF-M 15–45mm f/3.5–6.3 IS STM. **Availability, prices and specifications subject to change without notice. Actual prices are set be individual dealers and may vary. 1Optional Mount Adapter EF-EOS M required to use EF and EF-S lenses. 2 Compatible with iOS® versions 8.0/8.1/8.2/8.3/8.4/9.0/9.1/9.2/9.3/10.0, Android™ smartphone and tablet versions 4.1/4.2/4.3/4.4/5.0/5.1/6.0/7.0. Data charges may apply with the download of the free Canon Camera Connect app. This app helps enable you to upload images to social media services. Please note that image files may contain personally identifiable information that may implicate privacy laws. Canon disclaims and has no responsibility for your use of such images. Canon does not obtain, collect or use such images or any information included in such images through this app. 3 Compatible with Android™ smartphone and tablet versions 4.0/4.1/4.2/4.3/4.4/5.0/5.1/6.0/7.0. 4 When applications are active. Switch from Bluetooth® to Wi-Fi® connectivity when viewing the images on the camera via the compatible smartphone. 5Compatible with iOS® versions 8.4x/9.2.x, Android™ Smartphone and tablet versions 4.4.x, 5.0.x/5.1.x, 6.0.x. Data charges may apply with the download of the free Canon Connect Station app. The application is available in the Apple app store or Google Play Store. 6Support for playback of all images on this device cannot be guaranteed. 7JPEG and RAW (CR2) still images, and MOV/MP4 and AVCHD movies are supported. For sales information/customer support:
www.usa.canon.com
1-800-OK-CANON
ccenter@cits.canon.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-canon-eos-m6-digital-camera-adds-powerful-performance-to-eos-m-series-300407646.html SOURCE Canon U.S.A., Inc.
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
HBO
There are no books to work from on Game of Thrones this season — even George R.R. Martin might be surprised with what's happening on the HBO series — and things could get confusing. To help you out, after every new episode, two resident Thrones experts will answer your five most pressing questions.
1. Was that the most casual bombshell in Game of Thrones history?
HBO
Josh: For the last 26 years, since the first installment in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire book series was released, Game of Thrones readers (and as of 2011, viewers) have argued about Jon Snow's lineage. Who are his real parents? Is he a Targaryen? If so, and his mom's Lyanna Stark and his dad's Rhaegar Targaryen, did he abduct her, as the story goes, or were they secretly wed, as many fans believe? In last night's episode, “Eastwatch,” not only did we get further confirmation that Jon has Targaryen blood within him (“The King of the North was my old title — you may now call me the Dragon Whisperer”), but Gilly casually dropped this bombshell: “Maynard says here that he issued an annulment for Prince Rhaegar and re-married him to someone else at the same time in a secret ceremony in Dorne.” Meaning, Lyanna and Rhaegar were married, meaning Jon isn't a bastard, meaning he's a Stark-Targaryen, meaning he's the rightful heir to the Iron Throne over Daenerys and everyone else. (We wrote about why in great detail here.)
If only Samwell was paying attention to Gilly. Ugh, men, right?
Imagine if, back in season one, the buildup to Ned Stark getting his head chopped was 30 seconds long. Like, one scene, he's hanging out with his kids, playing with an adorable direwolf, and talking to his wife Catelyn. The next, boom, he's dead, without warning. That's basically what happened here. Gilly (sorry) discovered who truly belongs on the Iron Throne, but Sam yelled at her about poop, or whatever. Showrunners David Benioff and D.B. Weiss are trolling us, right? Also, let's say a dragon or, I dunno, a zombie-giant were to eat Daenerys and Jon Snow — who would be third in line of succession?
Ryan: Well, there's always the Tyrion theory. But man, we are so far past details on rightful succession mattering at this point. The only time that stuff is important is immediately after the last ruler dies. After a couple of decades worth of Baratheon rule, it's safe to say that the next rightful ruler is whoever conquers Westeros. At this point, we'd give that advantage to Dany and her three dragons over Jon and his direwolf (who is living up to his name of Ghost this season), no matter how much stronger his claim may technically be.
That being said, this knowledge could swing some important people over to supporting Jon as the rightful ruler. People like Varys, who seems like he's getting a bit iffy about the current Targaryen administration he's decided to back. But it's just as likely that this information was nothing more than a wink and a nod to us viewers. Hardcore fans get a new bit of juicy news in the confirmation that Rhaegar married Lyanna, making their relationship sound a lot more consensual than Robert Baratheon's take on it was. Casual fans are reminded that Rhaegar existed and Jon is his son, which is info they'll need at the front of their minds as this whole story rapidly speeds towards an end. It's a very cool detail, but I also wouldn't be surprised if it never comes up again.
Come on Bran, prove me wrong!
Miami Beach lawyer Tonia Troutwine, the ex-wife of Trump National hotel shooter Jonathan Oddi, was reprimanded by the Florida Supreme Court. Miami Herald
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
Master limited partnerships (MLPs) have long been go-to income sources for retired investors because these entities have to distribute the bulk of their earnings back to unitholders for tax purposes. That said, not all MLPs have been able to maintain the steadily growing payout they promised investors due to the impact of the oil market downturn on their finances. However, one company that bucked this trend and has consistently grown its distribution throughout the downturn is Phillips 66 Partners (NYSE: PSXP). Because of that strength amid the storm, as well as what's clearly ahead, this MLP looks like a great option for retirees seeking steady income.
Continue Reading Below
A solid foundation
Refining giant Phillips 66 (NYSE: PSX) formed Phillips 66 Partners in 2013 to help drive its midstream growth strategy. However, despite the focus on growth, Phillips 66 has maintained a high level of financial discipline with its MLP to ensure it can deliver as promised. The foundation of that discipline is a focus on building and buying primarily fee-based assets while maintaining a strong financial profile through the conservative use of debt and keeping its distribution well covered.
Image source: Getty Images.
By focusing entirely on operating fee-based assets, typically signed to long-term minimum volume contracts, Phillips 66 Partners generates very steady cash flow. Because of that, each new asset added to its portfolio increases the company's cash flow stream. Meanwhile, the company typically retains between 10% to 30% of its cash flow, which it reinvests in growth initiatives such as acquisitions and expansion projects. Furthermore, the company finances its remaining capital needs with a healthy balance of equity and debt. The evidence of that conservatism is its investment-grade credit rating and 3.8 times debt-to-EBITDA ratio, which is on the low end of its peer group. Because of these factors, the company's current 4.2% yield is on rock-solid ground.
Clearly visible growth
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Despite this conservative approach, Phillips 66 Partners has grown briskly over the past few years, primarily by acquiring midstream assets from Phillips 66. In fact, since its IPO, the company has increased its distribution by a 35% compound annual growth rate. Meanwhile, there's more growth up ahead since it expects to increase the payout by a 30% compound annual rate through 2018.
Three things will fuel that growth: organic expansions, dropdowns with Phillips 66, and third-party acquisitions. The company already has several growth projects under construction, including a partnership with Sunoco Logistics Partners (NYSE: SXL) and Energy Transfer Partners (NYSE: ETP) to build the Bayou Bridge Pipeline, which will connect to Phillip 66's expanding Beaumont Terminal. However, that is just one of several projects that the company expects to invest $381 million into this year.
Meanwhile, it will likely continue to acquire midstream assets from Phillips 66, which are a meaningful contributor to growth. Last year, for example, it spent $1.3 billion to buy 30 crude, products, and NLG logistics assets from its parent. These assets came with a 10-year terminaling and throughput agreements setting a volume floor at 85% of forecasted volumes, enabling the company to lock in roughly $150 million of annual earnings. That incremental cash flow allowed 5% distribution increases in each of the subsequent quarters. Meanwhile, despite already dropping down billions of dollars in assets to its MLP over the past few years, Phillips 66 still has several left to send down, including its 25% stake in the recently completed Dakota Access Pipeline operated by Sunoco Logistics Partners.
In addition, the company will continue to seek out third-party acquisitions to strategically expand its system. Last year, for example, the company acquired a natural gas liquids system in Louisiana from Chevron (NYSE: CVX). Not only will the assets provide it with about $25 million in fee-based earnings on an annual basis, but they came with clearly visible expansion opportunities to grow that fee-based cash flow stream in the future.
Investor takeaway
Phillips 66 Partners offers investors a rock-solid income stream, thanks to its focus on owning fee-based assets that generate consistent cash flow and its financially conservative approach. Meanwhile, the company has clear visibility to grow that income stream because of its three-pronged approach consisting of organic expansion, dropdowns with its parent, and outside acquisitions. Add it up and Phillips 66 Partners offers a sustainable income stream that's ideal for retirees.
10 stocks we like better than Phillips 66 Partners
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Phillips 66 Partners wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Matt DiLallo owns shares of Phillips 66. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
BOSTON (AP) — Massachusetts casino regulators said Monday they would hold a special meeting to discuss sexual misconduct allegations against Las Vegas billionaire Steve Wynn, whose company is building a $2.4 billion casino just outside Boston.
The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that a number of women said they were harassed or assaulted by Wynn, and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement with a manicurist.
Wynn, 76, has strongly denied the allegations, which he attributed to a campaign led by his ex-wife. He resigned Saturday as finance chairman of the Republican National Committee.
The Massachusetts Gaming Commission, in a statement, said its enforcement bureau would provide an update at Wednesday's meeting on a review that began immediately after the Journal story was published.
"The commission is profoundly aware of the gravity of this matter and will proceed with the appropriate sense of urgency and rigor," the panel said.
Wynn and his company passed background checks conducted by the bureau prior to the commission awarding a subsidiary of Wynn Resorts a 15-year license to operate the sole eastern Massachusetts resort casino license. Wynn Boston Harbor is under construction in Everett with a scheduled opening date of June 2019.
The background check focused primarily on whether Wynn had any associations with organized crime and found no evidence that he did. In their 2013 report, the Massachusetts investigators said they spoke to several of Wynn's references who described him as "highly ethical," and "a perfectionist who is passionate about everything he does."
It was unclear what, if any, action the commission might consider taking against Wynn or the impact it could have on the future of the Massachusetts project.
According to the 2011 state law that legalized casino gambling, a casino license is considered a "revocable privilege," and can be suspended or revoked under certain conditions, including a finding that the licensee was "unsuitable to operate a gaming establishment."
Republican Gov. Charlie Baker called the allegations "awful and appalling," and said if true, "Wynn would fail to meet the suitability standard under the state gaming law."
Asked if such a finding by the commission could derail the casino, Baker said it would be up to Wynn Resorts to make a decision on how to proceed.
He also called for the Republican Governors Association to return any donations it received from Wynn in the last election cycle, and not accept any from the casino mogul going forward. Baker has been the recipient of campaign cash from the RGA during his two previous campaigns for governor.
Richard McGowan, a business professor at Boston College who studies the casino industry, noted the commission awarded the casino license not to Wynn personally, but to his company. The panel could allow the project to go forward, he said, but insist that Wynn disengage from future management.
"I think it's going to open," said McGowan of the casino. "But I also think there are going to be wholesale changes from what they are doing right now."
___
Associated Press writer Steve LeBlanc contributed to this report.
Matthew Stafford has no timetable for extension, not worried about terms
Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford is pushing all talk of a new contract off to the side for now.
Stafford, who is entering the final year of his contract, isn't sweating potential comparable deals for Derek Carr and Kirk Cousins, preferring to focus on football right now.
“I'm not too worried about what those guys do,” Stafford said Wednesday, via Michael Rothstein of ESPN. “I'm just worried about trying to get better out here. That's pretty much all I can say. This time of year, to me, is football time. I'm out here, playing football trying to get better to help this team win.”
Stafford said there is no timetable in his mind for signing a new deal, and the only time he thinks about it is when he's asked about it.
“The only time I ever talk about it or think about it is when you guys ask me questions about it, honestly,” Stafford said. “I just go out there and play ball, try to be aggressive and play better.”
Reports have indicated that Stafford wants the most lucrative contract for a quarterback in NFL history, paying him upwards of $25 million a year. Despite entering the last year of his deal, though, it doesn't sound like he has any urgency to get something done as quickly as possible.
NEW YORK — Hundreds of protesters gathered along Manhattan's Fifth Avenue near Trump Tower on Monday evening, shouting angry slogans and holding signs with crossed-out swastikas and Confederate imagery.
The crowd was part of the continuing backlash against President Donald Trump for his tepid response to the deadly violence sparked by a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, this weekend.
“You have blood on your hands,” protesters shouted, calling the president a white supremacist, before launching into a chant calling for his removal from office.
People look at a giant inflatable rat in the likeness of President Donald Trump, displayed near Trump Tower in New York on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Brendan McDermid / Reuters
Demonstrators who spoke with NBC News said they took to New York's streets to condemn the president —moments before his first official visit to his hometown since his inauguration — for his initial lackluster remarks condemning the violence in Charlottesville, which left 19 injured and one dead.
“I wanted to put my body where my heart is,” said Barbara Gates, 71, a writer and editor from California visiting New York. “What better place than the heart of it — Trump Tower.”
Gates, who attended the protest with her sister Julie Spriggs, said she was “horrified” by the events that unfolded in Charlottesville, particularly the death of Heather Heyer, who died after a vehicle mowed down a group of counter-protesters at the white supremacist rally.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Condemns Hate Groups Days After Charlottesville Protest 2:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“He set this up all the lettering of his campaign put this in motion,” Gates said, who had a sign stapled to her blouse that said “Unfit” with the text of the 25th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution — which allows for the president's removal from office.
She called his response to the violence called his “wishy-washy,” which was condemned by those on both sides of the political aisle as not forceful enough following the tumult in Charlottesville.
“Anyone who cannot name our enemy is not fit to lead our country,” read a sign held by Morgan Halberg, 30, who lives in New York's Financial District and works as a recruiter for a financial company.
She lifted the words from a speech then-candidate Trump gave on the campaign trail, where he was referring to calling out Islamic terrorism.
Halberg said she, too, placed the violence that ensued over the weekend on Trump. She said he emboldened the so-called alt-right, a wing of the conservative movement the blends racism, populism and white nationalism.
“He gave them a platform,” she said. “He knows this is his base. He knows they're acting in his name.”
NYPD officers appear to detain a protester outside Trump Tower in New York ahead of the president's arrival later this evening https://t.co/rlyBOKGXti — NBC News (@NBCNews) August 14, 2017
During the campaign and into his presidency, Trump has struggled with questions about his support among some white nationalist-affiliated groups.
On Monday afternoon, President Trump called hate groups by name and racism “evil” following the widespread criticism of his initial speech, in which he blamed “many sides.”
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in prepared remarks at the White House.
“His response today was obviously pressured and weakly-worded,” Halberg said. “It's sad that we have a president that can't condemn one of the easiest groups in history to condemn. It took until today to say the words KKK, neo-Nazi.”
“We live in 2017 and racism is still prevalent enough that this is the talking places on a college campus,” she added.
A stone's throw away from the gilded walls of Trump Tower, an anti-Trump protester also installed a giant inflatable balloon depicting the president as a rat. John Post Lee, the artist who created the balloon, told NBC New York the idea came to him several months ago and he raised $10,000 through a Kickstarter campaign to create it.
Protesters gather in New York on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Craig Ruttle / AP
Dante Plush, a 24-year-old public school teacher from the Bronx, said the events in Charlottesville were the catalyst for him to come out to Monday's protest. He said the only point of reference he had for white supremacists and the Ku Klux Klan marching in public was in an AP History course in high school.
“Now we have white supremacists walking in the daylight,” Plush said. “That illusion of a post-racial America was shattered this weekend.”
“He [Trump] emboldened these people,” Plush added. “It's another opportunity for groups like the KKK to be mainstream again.”
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Her survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," she says, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," she says, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says she was also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," she says.
While she largely praises the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says she would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," she says, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and her team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
President-elect Donald Trump's team on sharpened their divide with the Obama administration Monday over whether Russia executed several high-profile cyberattacks during the 2016 White House race.
Incoming White House Communications Director Sean Spicer told “Fox & Friends” Monday that “there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence” Moscow was behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election.
Spicer spoke two days after Trump told reporters during his annual New Year's Eve bash that he knows “things that other people don't know” about the intrusions, which targeted the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta.
“Rushing to judgement on stuff like this is not in anybody's best interest,” said Spicer, who claimed that Trump was not disputing statements from U.S. intelligence officers, but was waiting for a final report due later this week that could offer more conclusive evidence.
“Then I think we'll have a better idea of what to make to the situation,” he told Fox.
Several U.S. intelligence agencies have said Russia was behind the hacking and release of emails from the DNC and Podesta. President Obama last week punished Russia for the alleged cyberattacks with sanctions that include the expulsion of 35 diplomats believe to be spies and shuttering Russian compounds in Maryland and New York.
Clinton's team and supporters say the hacked emails contributed to her upset loss to Trump.
Obama says the hacking investigation and sanctions were in the interest of protecting the U.S. election system.
But Spicer has repeatedly suggested over the past 48 hours that the actions by Obama, a Democrat, were politically motivated.
“There is a question about whether there's a political retribution here versus a diplomatic response,” he told ABC on Sunday.
Spicer on Monday also attempted to explain Trump's New Year's Eve comments, saying that Trump is briefed “on a daily basis” by his security team and other members of the intelligence community.
“So he is privy to information that nobody else is,” “Spicer said. “What he's driving at is that there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence.”
He also dismissed a report by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a “how-to” manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
“This report that everyone is taking as gospel is not even final,” Spicer said Monday on NBC's “Today” show.
He also argued, as he did Sunday, that China in 2015 stole sensitive information from millions of Americans, including federal workers, and the White House failed to issue “a single statement.”
The Associated Press reported this week that Trump plans to meet with intelligence officials in coming days to learn more about the allegations against Moscow. On New Year's Eve, Trump said he wants U.S. officials “to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge.” He pointed to intelligence failures over the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq before the U.S. invasion, and declared himself an expert in the area.
“I know a lot about hacking,” he said, “and hacking is a very hard thing to prove, so it could be somebody else.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A GOP Congressman Is Forging Ahead on Climate Action
Rep. Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., occupies a strange place in politics these days.
In an era of increasing polarization he's a moderate Republican who represents a swing district. That alone makes him an outlier.
Carlos Curbelo speaking at the 2014 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in National Harbor, Maryland.
Credit: Gage Skidmore/flickr
But he's also staking his political reputation on solving an issue nearly verboten in the Republican-controlled Congress: climate change. He's called President Trump's decision to yank the U.S. from the Paris Agreement a mistake, introduced legislation to combat climate impacts and helped create a bipartisan caucus all aimed at dialing back the partisanship around one of the most pressing problems not just in the U.S., but in the world.
Whether he succeeds — or survives the 2018 midterms for that matter — is very much up in the air, but his work represents one of the few efforts toward climate action by Republicans on the national stage.
“For me, this is a local issue,” Curbelo told Climate Central last month. “Most of the people in my district live near sea level and near the sea. That's how it first caught my attention. Then I started doing my own research, I had a very enlightening meeting with NOAA experts, and I realized it's one of the greatest challenges.”
Curbelo represents the southern tip of Florida. His district includes the Everglades, Florida Keys and parts of the Miami metro area, some of the most vulnerable places on earth to sea level rise.
In Key West, climate change is responsible for 94 percent of all flood days over the past decade, a number that will increase as land ice melts and pushes oceans higher. Roughly 10 percent of his constituents live within five feet of current sea levels. Just to the north of his district, Miami Beach has spent $400 million on pumps to reduce the number of sunny day floods.
Understanding and addressing these risks is central to Curbelo's legislative efforts, including a recent bipartisan bill he introduced in the House calling for $3 billion annually to improve wetlands and flood infrastructure.
Those efforts also run against the grain for many Republicans at the federal level, who have largely ignored climate change or denied the science behind it. President Trump and a number of his cabinet members have falsely questioned the influence of human carbon pollution on the climate and have enacted policies out of step with taking action to reduce that pollution.
Nearly 60 percent of Curbelo's Republican colleagues in the House are climate science deniers, according to a ThinkProgress analysis. That makes it exceedingly unlikely that a bill like Curbelo's will end up for a vote on the floor.
“The norms of how the House operates say that legislation won't come forward unless a majority of majority party supports it,” Laurel Harbridge Yong, a political scientist at Northwestern, said. “You can have bipartisan support, but if it doesn't include a majority of the majority party, there's not a whole lot that party is forced to put on agenda.”
That hasn't stopped Curbelo from laying the groundwork for Republicans to act on climate. Along with Rep. Ted Deutch (D-Fla.), he began a bipartisan climate solutions caucus in February 2016 to find common ground on climate change.
There was a surge in membership after Trump's election and the group now includes 40 representatives split evenly among Democrats and Republicans. That's because the caucus has what Curbelo dubbed a “Noah's Ark rule,” requiring each new member to join with a partner from the other party.
Republican caucus members hail largely from districts painted light shades of red or even purple on the electoral map. Curbelo himself represents a district that Hillary Clinton won in the 2016 presidential election by more than 16 points. But there are also a handful of representatives from deep red districts, including Rep. Mia Love from southern Utah and Rep. Don Bacon from Nebraska.
“One of the main goals of that caucus is to promote a healthy, depoliticized dialog between both parties on what the challenges are with regards to climate change and what policies we can promote to mitigate the human impacts of climate change and adaptation in coastal communities,” Curbelo said. “In this Congress, we want the caucus to be a vehicle through which we advance solutions, meaning concrete policy proposals.”
It's a grand vision for a group founded a little more than a year ago. But with Republican control of all branches of government, it's going to be hard for the caucus to deliver legislative achievements anytime before the 2018 midterms.
“It's worthwhile to do, but I wouldn't expect any policy shifts to happen as a result without change to our system,” Frances Lee, a political scientist at the University of Maryland, said. “I think these caucuses as means of sharing information among members who are interested in the issues."
Beyond sharing information, many caucus members have been loathe to stand up the administration's climate policy rollbacks. While Curbelo has been forceful in his condemnation of Trump's decision to withdraw from the world's main climate pact, other Republican caucus members largely stayed silent.
The first public caucus meeting was sparsely attended, according to Emily Atkin at The New Republic, though representatives there said that's the norm for most caucus meetings. That raises concern the caucus could be used to give cover to Republicans in vulnerable districts while not doing anything to change the status quo.
Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), for example, joined the caucus in March despite having a lifetime score of 4 percent on the League of Conservation Voter's environmental scorecard and consistently voting against clean energy and climate action bills in the House. His district is considered a tossup, though, and joining the caucus could provide him with political cover.
“For Republicans (in the caucus), they're using it to signal to constituents that they are not just like their party on the issue, that they think differently than their party,” Harbridge Yong said. “It may be there's a range of buys in to the overall goal of combatting climate change.”
For Curbelo, the caucus is clearly about more than sending signals, but there's a chance he might not be around to see the caucus develop past its nascent stages. Nationally, he represents the most Democratic district held by a Republican, according to the Cook Political Report, a position that puts him at risk in what could be a sea-change of a midterm election cycle in 2018.
“Members with the strongest incentive to engage in bipartisan negotiations are the first to get wiped out in a wave election,” Lee said. “Moderate Democrats are the ones who lost all their seats after 2010. I suspect same thing is going to happen in Trump presidency.”
None of this is to say his efforts to build the caucus are a dead-end endeavor. Climate change has been a partisan issue for more than a decade, and representatives who have served during that period have hardened those views through years of voting records, lobbying efforts and peer pressure.
But Curbelo — himself just 37 years old — said younger, new representatives, particularly those who are facing clear and present climate change impacts in their districts, could start to turn the tide. A growing number of Americans are also concerned about climate change and favor addressing it.
There's also the reality that eventually the U.S. will have to get serious about cutting its carbon pollution in order to stave off the worst impacts of climate change. Even if Curbelo were to lose his seat in the 2018 midterms, his work establishing the caucus could still matter in the years to come.
You May Also Like:
There's a New Way the U.S. Is Committing to Paris
West Coast Waters on Acid Trip; Fishing Industry in Peril
Protecting Ocean Waters Will Aid Climate Adaptation
State and Corporate Climate Action Just Got Serious
University Of Lagos SIWES Orientation Exercise Announced 2017/2018.
University Of Lagos SIWES Orientation Exercise Announced 2017/2018. The University Of Lagos SIWES Orientation Exercise has been Announced for the 2017/2018 session. All concerned students are hereby informed. The University of Lagos Central Industrial Liason and Placement Unit has organised the 2018 SIWES programme for eligible SIWES students in the current academic session. It is scheduled …
The post University Of Lagos SIWES Orientation Exercise Announced 2017/2018. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The sixth annual Common Threads art exhibition featuring works of Trenton area artists will take place this Saturday, Feb. 3, at Hopewell Valley Vineyards from noon to 5 p.m. The event, organized by C.A. Shofed, will showcase the work of seven photographers and artists: Asia Popinska, Howard Michaels, Andrew Wilkinson, Lauren Otis, Phillip McConnell, Jonathan “Lank” Conners and Kata Mejia.
Food and beverages can be purchased at the event, including wine and brick oven pizzas from Hopewell Valley Vineyards. The Gingered Peach will also be selling sweet and savory goodies. In addition to cookies, croissants, banana pudding and other delights, a brioche called “The Trenton Volcano” — a bun packed with cheese, spinach, and pork roll, topped with everything bagel spices, will be available. Source Element Designs will also be selling gemstones and precious metal jewelry that uses recycled materials.
Hopewell Valley Vineyards is located at 46 Yard Road in Pennington. All the pieces in the show are available for purchase and the exhibit will remain up for the entire month of February. For more information about Common Threads 6 and the artists who will be presenting their work, visit the Common Threads website.
Friday, February 2
Roxey Ballet presents Carmen – Love is like a rose, but beware of its thorns…Join the Roxey Ballet in their up-close-and-personal Canal Studio Theater for a passionate performance of the ballet Carmen. The one-act ballet is choreographed by company founder Mark Roxey. It is a highly contemporary ballet. 7 p.m., Canal Studio Theatre, 243 North Union Street, Lambertville. $40-$42 at the door. More information
The Final Year – A film about the inner workings of the Obama administration as leaders prepare to establish a legacy after eight years. 7 p.m., Hopewell Theater, 5 South Greenwood Avenue, Hopewell. $12.50.
Magnolia Street String Band – Performance by the Magnolia Street String Band. 8 p.m.,1867 Sanctuary, 101 Scotch Road, Ewing. Admission $5 to $20.
Saturday, February 3
West Windsor Community Indoor Farmers Market – Indoor Market at the West Windsor Athletic Club. Local produce, meat, eggs, other vendors, live music. 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., 99 Clarksville Road, West Windsor.
Conversation with MUTTS creator Patrick McDonnell – The creator of the comic strip “MUTTS,” will talk about the art of making comic strips at the Arts Council's Solley Theater in the Paul Robeson Center for the Arts. 102 Witherspoon Street, Princeton, New Jersey. His presentation coincides with the Arts Council's latest exhibition, “Heroes of Comic Art.” 1 p.m. More information Free
Ken Ludwig's Twentieth Century – A Broadway producer boards the Twentieth Century Limited with the intent of winning back his leading lady, now a temperamental Hollywood star, who is just as determined to ignore his advances, both professional and personal. Adaptation of the classic movie. 8 p.m., Kelsey Theater, Mercer Community College, 1200 Old Trenton Road, West Windsor. $18 general admission.
Sunday, February 4
Super Sunday Flea Market – Begin the big day shopping for bargains. More than 30 tables of goods will be featured at the annual YWCA Princeton Super Sunday. 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., 59 Paul Robeson Place, Princeton. Admission $3.
Carillon Concert at Princeton University – Considered the largest musical instrument in the world, a carillon consists of a series of at least 23 tuned bells, played from a keyboard that allows expressiveness through variation in touch, and on which the player, or carillonneur, can play a broad range of music. If you go this Sunday, Princeton's carillonneur, Lisa Lonie, will be getting into the Superbowl spirit with the Eagles pep song on the Princeton carillon. Princeton University Graduate College, Grover Cleveland Tower, 88 College Road West, Princeton. Free More information
Fun For Foodies: The Gefilte Manifesto – A Talk by Jeffrey Yoskowitz, the author of The Gefilte Manifesto Gefilte is not just about your bubbe or a foodie revolution. Gefilte is about taking food traditions seriously and reclaiming the glory of Ashkenazi food – what has been and what it can be. Open to the Community. 2 p.m., The Jewish Center of Princeton, 435 Nassau St., Princeton. $25 More information
Please add your events to our community events calendar in order to have them considered for our weekend picks. It's quick and free. Click on the event tab on our website and select “add an event.”
By Tim Stannard
1) Bavaria pin hopes on Lewa lighting up the Bernabeu
Sports Burst's spider sense is tingling.
And the tingle says that something dramatic with a capital ‘D' will be going down in the Santiago Bernabeu on Tuesday night. Well. Technically speaking, the drama will begin with a capital ‘L' as the one factor that was missing from Bayern's sloppy 2-1 home defeat to Real Madrid last week is back in play in the Champions League: Robert Lewandowski.
The super striker who missed the first leg of the quarterfinal tie due to a shoulder injury is set to start the rematch with 26 Bundesliga and seven Champions League goals under his Polish belt this season. “It is a big confidence boost for us, but we will not change our strategy,” beamed Carlo Ancelotti ahead of his return to a club that fired the Italian for winning the Champions League.
Whilst Madrid is certainly adept at scoring goals at one end, the team are less than solid at the other with just two clean sheets from the past 15 games in all competitions. The good people of Canada can tune in to what could be an epic encounter in the Madrid capital at 2:45PM ET / 11:45AM PT for Real Madrid against Bayern Munich.
2) Atletico look to grind away at Leicester's ground
Actually, Sports Burst's spider sense is really tingling. The same sensation as when a new season of ‘Arrow' drops onto Netflix.
But on this occasion, it's probably a false alarm as if any team has the ability to lock away a tie with a 1-0 lead, it's Atletico Madrid, the club you would most trust to water your pot plants when you go away on vacation.
That's the score-line going into a Champions League quarterfinal second-leg against English champions, Leicester City, who will be hoping to hammer through a near impenetrable Rojiblanco wall on Tuesday.
The Leicester City Stadium is ready for #LeiAtm! 🏟 pic.twitter.com/NntsuQnUjm — Leicester City (@LCFC) April 18, 2017
“It's an evenly-matched and complex qualifier," admitted Diego Simeone ahead of a clash that can euphemistically said to be one for the purists. That game is also live on beIN SPORTS Canada from 2:45PM ET / 11:45AM PT and you can catch all the highlights and best analysis on the XTRA from 7PM ET / 4PM PT.
3) Luis Enrique's master plan to overturn Juve
Despite being down in the dumps of late, Luis Enrique seems to have cheered up and on Tuesday morning the Barcelona manager came up with the perfect plan to turn around a hefty 3-0 deficit against Serie A's champions-elect, Juventus. “If we score the first, the Camp Nou will score the second and the third will go in on its own.” Or the referee will award a dodgy penalty, the Barça boss failed to add.
🔊 Luis Enrique: "We'll try until the very end. We'll do everything possible to have another historic night. #FCBLive pic.twitter.com/AjV3sh2f0E — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) April 18, 2017
Andres Iniesta was also prodded in front of the press ahead of Wednesday's Champions League clash in the Camp Nou and admitted that “the sooner the goals are scored, the better,” to get the Camp Nou crowd on side.
4) PSG with chance to pull alongside at the top
Hang on, what's that Sports Burst has just spotted? PSG are playing today! In a huge match with galactic repercussions in the race for the Ligue Un title. The reigning French champions are taking on Metz in a catch-up game that could ease PSG alongside Monaco at the top of the table with a win, all be it with a match in hand over their Mediterranean rivals.
PSG are currently motoring along very nicely in Ligue Un with six wins on the bounce and Unai Emery would like it to remain that way – “the team is playing very well and feeling better and better.” That game is live on beIN SPORTS from 12:30PM ET / 9:30AM PT.
5) Brighton plan steady start to Premier League life
Knowing that the good people of Brighton and Hove do not need too much of an excuse to party, Monday's confirmation of promotion to the Premier League of the city's football club must have led to quite the sore head on Tuesday.
🎥 - A day to remember for @OfficialBHAFC!
🔵⚪️🆙 pic.twitter.com/kKTva5zMMG — Sky Bet Championship (@SkyBetChamp) April 17, 2017
However, the egg-heads running the show at the Amex are already planning for the club's first return to the English top flight since 1983…and they won't be going all crazy with the spending. We'll do things on a gradual basis as we have done,” said the team's owner, Tony Bloom.
WHAT IS SPORTS BURST?
The life philosophy of Sports Burst is that if you are not upsetting someone, then you are not trying hard enough. SB is a daily trawl and troll through the morning's sports news to bring you fact-nuggets to make you both smile and swear. Hopefully at the same time.
GREENVILLE, Pennsylvania (WYTV) – After being outscored in the opening half 19-16, Rocky Grove won 39-36 over Greenville to win the Region 2 championship.
The Orioles were led by Travis Perry's 17 points (3-4 FT). Connor Curran finished with 15 (3-5 FT). Rocky Grove suffered their second setback of the season against Greenville at home (41-24) on January 20. Since that loss the O's have won seven in a row.
Joe Batt paced Greenville with 16 points on 4 three-point baskets. Tyler Kincaid and Michael Blaney both tallied 9 points each.
Rocky Grove (19-2, 13-1) will welcome Cambridge Springs on Thursday. The Trojans fall to 20-2 (12-2 in Region 2) as they await the District 10 tournament.
More Videos 0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion Pause 4:06 Marlins executive Michael Hill discusses the Giancarlo Stanton trade 1:19 Giancarlo Stanton talks about joining the Yankees (Part 3) 1:02 Couple lives in tent next to their destroyed trailer 1:13 With his father Rae Carruth still in prison, Chancellor Lee Adams turns 18 2:32 Bodycam video released by Broward Sheriff's Office of fatal shooting of Lauderdale Lakes man 1:10 Snow falls over northwestern parts of Florida 0:35 Ana Maria Cardona testifies in 'Baby Lollipops' case 3:26 Giancarlo Stanton speaks about joining Yankees (Part 2) 0:30 Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake on his big game Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Famous Chinese daredevil records his own death The famous Chinese climber Wu Yongning, 26, known for recording dangerous climbing videos, died after falling from the 62 floor of the Huayuan International Centre in Changsha, the capital of Huan Province on Nov. 8. The famous Chinese climber Wu Yongning, 26, known for recording dangerous climbing videos, died after falling from the 62 floor of the Huayuan International Centre in Changsha, the capital of Huan Province on Nov. 8. China TV
The famous Chinese climber Wu Yongning, 26, known for recording dangerous climbing videos, died after falling from the 62 floor of the Huayuan International Centre in Changsha, the capital of Huan Province on Nov. 8. China TV
It's the 11th hour and you're slowly, but surely getting those 2016 taxes done. As you enter those W-2s and W-9s into your favorite tax prep software, you see it out of the corner of your eye: Your once destined-for-vacation refund is now squarely in the dreaded "taxes due" column. Suddenly, with just hours to spare, you find yourself scrambling to come up with hundreds or thousands of dollars you weren't quite prepared to pay.
“ If you need to use a credit card or take out a loan to pay your taxes, compare the fees and look at the real numbers of what it's going to cost you.”
If you're knee-deep in tax-related turmoil, take a deep breath and resist the urge to panic. There are ways to make the best of a bad situation. "Problems don't get better if you ignore them," says Jean Chatzky, NBC News' financial editor. Chatzky sat down with NBC News BETTER on the night before Tax Day to share six of her best tips for dealing with a surprise tax bill.
Re: 257 Weatherby Vanguard ? Now, that being said, you could always build a 7mm RemMag and you would only have to change the barrel.
You could always see how it shoots in .257 Wby. It's a fun cartridge. I shot one from 2008-2014, until I built my .25-06 AI, then I traded my .257 Wby off for something else, because it was a pile of crap (LONG LONG story that had to do with the rifle being a factory defective lemon, nothing to do with the cartridge it was chambered for). I still like the .257 Wby, and I plan on getting/building another one someday. I still have all my .257 Wby stuff, and my factory ammo, brass, and dies...Even some old handloads I made for it instead of selling it, because I plan on having another one someday.
"I'm just a peckerwood who lives in the hills with too many guns..." - Bob Lee Swagger
"Give me a minute...I'm good. Give me an hour...I'm great. Give me 6 months...And I'm unbeatable." - Col. Hannibal Smith
Quote: WildRose Originally Posted by The 284 is to the STW what a tricycle is to a Ninja. __________________"I'm just a peckerwood who lives in the hills with too many guns..." - Bob Lee Swagger"Give me a minute...I'm good. Give me an hour...I'm great. Give me 6 months...And I'm unbeatable." - Col. Hannibal Smith
More than 20 groups will be displaying dance styles from around the world at six outdoor venues in Bakewell International Day of Dance.
On Saturday, June 24, the streets and parks will be buzzing with everything from flamenco to bellydancing, morris dancing to swing.
There will be dances from Angola, South Africa and Broadways musicals.
Many of the old favourite groups will be returning, incluuding Romana de Jilo, Bellydance Flames and Poynton Jemmers Morris dancers.
Groups new to Bakewell this year includes the Clare Dobson School of Dance and the Chesterfield Caledonian Society.
There are performers of all ages, from Bakewell Infants School and Highfield students, to the mature ladies of Growing Old (Dis)gracefully.
There will be opportunities to join in and learn a few basics of the individual dances or you can just relax and enjoy the performances – and it's all free! Don't be put off if it rains as there will be an alternative wet weather programme in the town hall from 11am.
There is also a chance to learn some steps in the workshops that run throughout the day, which will cost £3 for an hour-long session. This year you can learn the basics of French dancing plus other styles.
The whole day will be rounded off in fine style with a ceilidh at Bakewell Town Hall with The Down Trodden String Band providing the music from 7.30pm to 11pm. Tickets £8. Proceeds will go to a Rwanda charity based in Bakewell, The Gobokan Trust.
For more information about the day or tickets for the ceilidh ring Jude on 01629 815469 or Di on 01629 812104 or visit www.bakewelldayofdance.co.uk
Last Friday I did a hands-on with PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Mobile thanks to its availability as a soft-launch title in Canada. Today it would appear that the PUBG Mobile has launched worldwide minus of a few European regions, though it's exactly the same version (0.3.2) as the Canadian release from last week. So short of the new areas that can access the download, nothing much has changed.
PUBG Mobile has gotten a lot of press lately with its apparent rush to market. Just last week the English release hit the Play Store in Canada, and today the majority of other regions in the world have been added so that they can test it out too. It's still in beta, because it's difficult not to notice the missing monetization. Of course, I'm still unsure how Tencent plans on making money with this title, though some form of monetization is undoubtedly coming as the devs are not in the business of giving games away for free.
So if you are eager to test this one out and you live in an area that just received access, now would be a great time to jump in before any cost is associated with it. As you would expect PUBG Mobile retains all of the gameplay found in the console and PC releases, with a 100 player shootouts that take place on an enormous 8x8 km battlefield. Just keep in mind that the touchscreen controls aren't great (though they are serviceable), and don't expect any working controller support just yet.
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Mobile is finally available for the majority of the world, and I can't wait to see what else is to come with its ongoing development now that I can watch it happen as I play. Sure, it may not be finished just yet, but what is currently there offers up a ton of fun with its casual battle royale gameplay. I genuinely hope Tencent can pull off similar pricing to the console and PC versions, as it's fair, and something Android generally lacks. Now, I wouldn't be surprised to see this wind up as an in-app purchase infested free-to-play release, but I'm still going to hold out hope until that day arrives.
weedezign/Shutterstock
Coffee lovers, we have some bad news: No two cups of Joe are completely the same. And while you're out here spending big bucks on your daily morning brew—it's just one of the problems all coffee lovers understand—don't you want to maximize its rise-and-shine powers?
Thankfully, HuffPost, the Center for Science in the Public Interest, and EnergyFiend.com teamed up to give us the scoop on just how much bang we're getting for our buck at our favorite coffee chains. As it turns out, the milligrams of caffeine per ounce of coffee vary from chain to chain. You can view the complete round-up here.
McDonald's coffee might be a cheap on-the-go beverage, but odds are, its caffeination powers won't last long; one cup only contains nine milligrams of caffeine. On the other hand, Dunkin' Donuts and Peet's Brewed Coffees fall in the middle of the spectrum, with 12.7 and 16.7 mg of caffeine respectively. Starbucks packs a punch at 20.6 mg of caffeine, so if you need a serious wake-up call, it might be worth it to splurge on that $5 beverage. (On another note, you'll never believe what Starbucks was almost called.)
But to get really hyped up, go for a coffee from Deathwish. This self-proclaimed brewer of the world's strongest coffee is no lie; just one cup contains a whopping 54.2 mg per ounce of caffeine. But don't worry, the website assures us, one cup won't actually kill you. In fact, it turns out that you can drink way more coffee than originally thought—and actually live longer, too.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Heading into the gym with a solid workout plan is a surefire way to have a successful, efficient sweat session. But figuring out exactly what strength exercises to do can get a little tricky. While certain exercises (think biceps curls and crunches) seem like easy, familiar choices, they're not always the best bet for seeing results. In fact, just because everyone's doing a certain move, doesn't mean it's even safe.
“It's important to measure the risk-to-benefit ratio of any exercise,” says Susie Crossland-Dwyer, strength and run coach and founder of Studio S in Cincinnati, OH. She tends to avoid exercises that target a single muscle or muscle group and moves that carry little benefit with high risk of injury. So what are the strength exercises trainers never do? Here are eight for starters, plus recommendations for safer, more effective substitutions.
Strength Exercises You Should Skip and What to Do Instead
Skip: Crunches
Old news that still rings true: Crunches aren't nearly as effective as other core exercises. Yet people still continue to do them. “A lot of exercise enthusiasts do crunches ad nauseam without really increasing their core strength,” says Crossland-Dwyer. What's worse is the move can lead to neck or back pain and sometimes hip issues.
Substitution: Pilates Roll-Up
Unlike a traditional crunch, this move targets deeper layers of your abs, which will increase your stability and improve your posture.
How to: Lie on your back with your legs extended and your arms overhead, palms facing one another (a). Slowly roll up, making a C-shape with your spine as you do. Your abs should be pulled in and engaged during the entire movement, creating a hollowing feeling through the low abdominals (b). Continue to roll forward into a stretch, while keeping your shoulders down, away from your ears (c). Hold the stretch for about 10 seconds, then roll back to start and repeat.
Skip: Hip Abductor Machine
“People often think that machines make it easier to perform the exercise movement and manipulate the body because they look user-friendly,” says Nikki Snow, a Les Mills International trainer based in Chicago. But strength exercises on hip abductor machines often aren't as beneficial as moves with free weights or even just your bodyweight. “The abductor machine — aka thigh master machine — packs a big burn, but there are more effective exercises that can isolate the side glutes and hips safe and effectively.”
Substitution: Sumo Squat
This squat variation, with your legs wide apart, targets your inner thighs like none other.
How to: Stand with legs a few steps wider than hip-width apart, toes turned out. Hold a dumbbell in each hand at your hips (a). Lower your hips down and back until your thighs are parallel to the floor (b). Stand back up and repeat.
Skip: Weighted Standing Side Bends
Holding a dumbbell on one side of your body during side bends “puts the spine in a compromised position, and it's hard to maintain alignment to isolate the obliques properly,” says Snow. “It's easy to use momentum and rock side to side, which can put strain on the lower back and decrease isolation in the targeted muscle group.”
Substitution: Side Plank with Hip Lift
“This move isolates the obliques and strengthens shoulders and surrounding core muscles very effectively,” Snow says.
How to: Lie on your side and prop yourself up on your forearm and elbow. Your feet, hips and shoulders should align. Extend your top arm toward the ceiling (a). Lift your hips off the ground and up toward the ceiling. Hips should stay stacked, with body in one straight line (b). Lower your hips a few inches toward the floor, then lift back up to a straight side plank, using your abs to move you (c). Repeat.
Skip: Leg Press
The leg press can be fun, because you can typically lift more weight on the machine than you can handle on a standing squat, so you feel extra-powerful. But that increased weight is part of the problem, says Greg Justice, MA, owner of AYC Health and Fitness in Kansas City, KS. “The biggest problem I see with the leg press is the inclination to put too much weight on the machine, potentially causing the pelvis to rotate away from the back rest as you lower the weight. This can cause a herniated disc.” Plus, using the leg press takes stability out of the equation, forcing your quads to do most of the work, without hitting the hamstrings or glutes, says Crossland-Dwyer.
Substitution: Bulgarian Split Squat
“With split squats, you start with stabilizing the body before going through the range of motion,” Justice explains. “You need to engage the whole body throughout the entire process, and that transfers to real life movements or recreational sports.”
How to: Stand with your back facing a bench or box. Put one foot on top of the bench. Make sure you're far enough away from the bench so you can create a 90-degree bend in your front knee (a). Bend your front knee to lower your back knee toward the ground, and aim to get your front thigh parallel to the floor (b). Push through the heel of your front foot to return to the starting position, keeping your chest up, eyes forward and shoulders back (c). Repeat.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
User Name Remember Me? Password
All times are GMT -5. The time now is 03:04 PM .
CAIRO — Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Egypt on Monday, where he signed a deal to advance plans for a nuclear reactor but disappointed his hosts by delaying the resumption of direct flights that were suspended after the 2015 bombing of a Russian passenger plane.
During Putin's second visit to Egypt in as many years, he and Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi appeared keen to cement their countries' ties, which have deepened in recent years as Moscow has expanded its reach across the region.
“Russia always paid a special attention to expanding friendly and mutually beneficial ties with Egypt, our longtime reliable partner in the Middle East and North Africa,” Putin said.
El-Sissi said the two countries had “a relationship with a long history,” characterized by “strength and durability.”
El-Sissi, who has visited Russia twice since taking office in 2014, has signed deals to buy billions of dollars' worth of Russian weapons, including fighter jets and assault helicopters. Last month, Russia approved a draft agreement with Egypt to allow Russian warplanes to use Egyptian military bases.
The United States remains Egypt's main international backer, providing an estimated $1.3 billion in military and economic aid each year. But ties suffered a blow in 2013, when the Obama administration criticized the military overthrow of Egypt's first freely elected leader amid mass protests against his rule. Relations have improved under President Donald Trump, who has also sought better relations with Moscow.
Neither Putin nor el-Sissi referred to the use of the air bases when they read prepared statements after their talks, a possible indicator of the sensitivity of the issue in Egypt, which has long rejected the basing of foreign forces on its territory.
With Putin and el-Sissi looking on, officials from both countries signed the deal on the nuclear reactor. Egypt has reached an agreement in principle to borrow $25 billion, or roughly 80 per cent of the reactor's cost, from Russia. The signing of the agreement ends months of wrangling between the two sides over technical and financial details.
Putin flew to Cairo after a brief and previously unannounced visit to a Russian military air base in Syria. The air base has served as the main foothold for the air campaign Russia has waged since September 2015 in support of Syrian President Bashar Assad.
Egypt's increasingly close ties with Russia harken back to the 1950s and 1960s, when Cairo became a close Russian ally at the height of the Cold War.
Egypt changed sides in the 1970s under the late President Anwar Sadat, who replaced Moscow with Washington as his country's chief economic and military backer following the signing of a U.S.-sponsored peace treaty with Israel in 1979. Egypt has since become a major recipient of U.S. aid.
Under el-Sissi, Egypt has been able to maintain close ties with both Russia and the United States.
But the question of resuming flights between Egypt and Russia remains unsolved after Putin's visit, a significant setback for Egypt.
The flights were suspended when the Islamic State group downed a Russian airliner over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula two years ago, killing all 224 people on board. Egypt has since spent millions of dollars to upgrade security at its airports and undergone numerous checks by Russian experts.
The suspension of Russian flights has dealt a devastating blow to Egypt's vital tourism industry. Britain, another major source of visitors, suspended flights to Sharm el-Sheikh, the Red Sea resort in Sinai from which the doomed Russian airliner took off.
On Monday, Putin praised Egypt's efforts to beef up security at its airports, saying the two countries have come close to a deal to resume flights, but did not give a timeline.
“Security agencies reported to me that we are generally ready to restore a direct air link between Moscow and Cairo,” Putin said, adding that an agreement could be signed “in the nearest time.”
Russian Transport Minister Maxi Sokolov was quoted by Russian news agencies as saying flights between Moscow and Cairo could be restored by early February. There was no immediate mention of restoring an air link to Sharm el-Sheikh.
Underlining the importance of the flights, a pro-government Cairo daily on Monday ran banner headlines in both Russian and Arabic, saying: “Your Excellency: When will Russian tourism return to Egypt?”
——–
Isachenkov reported from Moscow.
NBA free agency is still a little more than month away. The NBA Finals haven't even started yet.
But with the Miami Heat's season having been over for about a month after its first-round playoff exit, basketball talk around South Florida has shifted to the hypotheticals of what the Heat might do this offseason.
Longtime basketball writer Ian Thomsen has a few suggestions.
Thomsen, author of the new book "The Soul of Basketball" — which includes details about Pat Riley's feelings about LeBron James' departure from the Miami — made a guest appearance on WQAM's Joe Rose Show on Tuesday.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
While the topic of conversation focused heavily on the NBA Finals matchup — Round 4 of the Cleveland Cavaliers against the Golden State Warriors — Thomsen closed out his appearance by answering a couple questions regarding the Miami Heat.
The main Miami-related question: Could Riley and the Heat potentially make a run at any of the top players expected to be on the open market this summer?
There are multiple big names expected to be on the market this offseason — James, Kevin Durant, Paul George and Chris Paul among them.
But Thomsen only sees one realistic route for the Heat.
"It would have to be by trade just because there's no cap space," Thomsen said, "and trades are impossible to predict."
One of the biggest names who could be on the trading block is the San Antonio Spurs' Kawhi Leonard, a two-time NBA All-Star who only played in nine games this season. ESPN back in April proposed a potential trade that would send Leonard to Miami. The deal: Leonard and Patty Mills to the Heat in exchange for Goran Dragic, Josh Richardson, Justise Winslow and Bam Adebayo.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Pat Riley, President of the Miami Heat, confirms nobody on this team is 'untouchable' if the right name is available. Charles Trainor Jr.
"If the Spurs would trade him, you would think that they would start over with young guys or they would want bona fide starters in return or guys that you think are going to turn into superstars — the next Kawhi Leonard, the guy that has that DNA in him," Thomsen said. "The young guys on the Miami Heat, do they fit that category? I think they're all very good players, but I don't think anybody sees superstar talent in them."
Even if the Heat isn't able to land a known All-Star player, Thomsen said he believes the Heat could serve as the team that serves as the landing spot for a potential up-and-comer.
"There are young players out there that can become great in the right environment. Miami is one of those environments," Thomsen said.
Thomsen likened this scenario to the Indiana Pacers' pursuit of Victor Oladipo last offseason.
Oladipo, the No. 2 overall pick in the 2013 NBA Draft, was a serviceable starting combo guard during the first four seasons of his career — three with the Orlando Magic, one with the Oklahoma City Thunder. Indiana traded five-time All-Star Paul George for the up-and-coming Oladipo.
Oladipo responded with a career season, averaging 23.1 points, 5.2 rebounds, 4.3 assists, and 2.4 steals over 34 minutes per game. He earned his first NBA All-Star nod and landed on the league's All-Defensive first team. Thomsen compared him to Dwyane Wade.
"No one saw it coming," Thomsen said. "Now, all of a sudden, you look at him and see that he's the closest thing in the league to Dwyane Wade right now from the size, the attacking, the team-mindedness and leading his team in every category at his position. [The Pacers] found something there. That's what Miami would have to do."
If you use Google Calendar and have an eye for design you may have noticed that while the Android and iOS versions got material makeovers as early as 2014, the web interface has not been updated to match. A few months ago we got the fantastic news that many of us had long been waiting for. Thanks to a leaked roadmap for G Suite updates, we learned that a redesign for Calendar was penned for the fourth quarter of 2017. We've now been treated to screenshots of the new design in testing, and it doesn't look like it'll disappoint.
Creating an event in the new Google Calendar.
Such a lack of consistency is common at Google. It's the same story for Gmail, and the reasons for them lagging behind are likely to do with their enterprise use as part of G Suite. Google must be careful about changes that could confuse large numbers of paying customers. That's probably partly why Inbox by Gmail exists, even though that won't have placated personal users clamoring for a Gmail redesign. There are themes and extensions around to help make the current Calendar and Gmail web iterations look a little more material, but they're no substitute for the official makeover we've all been hoping for.
The leaked slide didn't specifically mention that the Calendar redesign was material in nature, but these new screens confirm it. They were posted in r/Google by xDawnut (and later on r/Android), who says it's not rolling out to anyone else just yet. That implies that it's either accessible as part of the Trusted Tester Program or an internal leak, that's pure speculation though. It's unclear from the screens whether there will be any new features with the update, or whether it will be just superficial. Even if it is only visual, it's still likely to please a lot of users (me included).
As it's slated for release in Q4 of this year, it's quite possible that we're not looking at a final version of this design overhaul, although it does appear to be fairly polished as it is. It looks a lot like the Calendar app, which while not without its flaws still does at least look the part, so that's no bad thing. I'd expect more leaks of this much-anticipated release before we hear anything official later in the year. In the meantime, pore over these screenshots and watch this space.
Movie Synopsis:
Christmas is approaching, and with it, the desire for harmony, beauty, light and hope. Being unable to cope with her parents' conflict, Alex (16) makes a radical decision. A day later she finds herself in the adolescent psychiatric emergency unit. There she meets three other young people: Lara (17), the striking daughter from an academic family, who's having acid flashbacks; shy Fedja (16), who is being bullied at school; and violent Timo (17), who has just been moved from the closed ward. Under the care of the young psychiatrist Dr. Wolff (38), they will spend a Christmas together that none of them will ever forget.
WACO, Texas (AP) -- Terry Maston scored a career-high 23 points and Baylor ended a four-game losing streak with an 81-67 victory over Iowa State on Saturday night.
The lead changed hands eight times before the Bears went on a 15-0 run over a 2:12 span early in the second half. Baylor had three 3-point plays during the spurt, including one that resulted in a five-point trip after Iowa State coach Steve Prohm was hit with a technical foul.
''We wanted to come out and you want to get the crowd going, and we wanted to get some momentum,'' Baylor coach Scott Drew said. ''We were able to get some separation and get the crowd into the game. That really helps, especially with the zone and different things like that, because now they're trying to score quicker and it's harder to score quicker against (the zone).''
Baylor (13-10, 3-7 Big 12 Conference) led 51-38 at that point and the Cyclones never got closer than eight the rest of the way.
''When we went into halftime they told us to be very aggressive and take the ball to the basket,'' said Maston, who was 9-of-11 shooting. ''I know I was shooting a couple of fadeaway jumpers, and they told me to get in there and basically force my will into the paint and get easy buckets. So that's what I did, and it ended up working out great.''
Manu Lecomte added 14 points for the Bears, who won despite shooting 2 for 14 from 3-point range. Baylor made up for that with a 43-35 edge in rebounds and 52-28 in points in the paint. The Bears shot 62 percent in the second half and 50 percent for the game.
Jo Lual-Acuil Jr. added 10 points and 14 rebounds for Baylor.
''I think it was just determination. We knew coming into the game we had to win,'' Lual-Acuil said. ''T.J. (Maston) did a great job playing with energy and we didn't want to leave here without a win.''
Getty Image
Lil B used to flood MySpace, then DatPiff and LiveMixtapes, with up to one new mixtape per month. But now, fans can listen to his back catalog on Spotify, Apple Music and TIDAL. The Based God has added over 30 mixtapes to those streaming services, from 2009's I'm Thraxx and 6 Kisses to last year's long-awaited Black Ken.
.@LILBTHEBASEDGOD has finally released over 30 of his old mixtapes on @Spotify. Thank You Based God 🙏 https://t.co/dD1MSAaoR4 pic.twitter.com/WqbnUl9cph — Spotify USA (@SpotifyUSA) April 23, 2018
Lil B uploaded 30+ mixtapes to Spotify and Apple Music. TYBG pic.twitter.com/vKkn4LNVOK — Pigeons & Planes (@PigsAndPlans) April 24, 2018
The beloved rapper, internet celebrity and video gamer may soon add another release to his streaming catalog. Earlier this year, he told Uproxx that he is self-producing his next official mixtape, Black Ken follow-up Platinum Frame. “You know, last year, the whole 2017, I really focused on teaching myself how to become a better producer and really explain my story how I need to, to – to the people and to you guys,” he says. “I'm really going to be able to show what I've been learning and what I taught myself this year.”
For now, Lil B is also promoting his first electronic music single, an instrumental titled “Enter The Depths.” A snippet of “Enter The Depths” was previously featured in a trailer for the latest installation of Marvel's Black Panther: A Nation Under Our Feet comic book series. If you somehow missed that sneak peek, you can watch below.
WASHINGTON — An aide to embattled Rep. Blake Farenthold is circulating a letter to current and former female staffers for them to sign in a show of support as the fallout from a sexual harassment settlement continues to dog the Texas Republican.
The letter is also critical of his accuser in the settlement.
The letter, which was forwarded to NBC News, asserts that Farenthold has “always treated us fairly and with dignity and respect,” and paints his accuser, former staffer Lauren Greene, as “one disgruntled ex-employee.”
“We, collectively, are shocked and disappointed in a system that is rushing to judgment based on false statements and one disgruntled employee,” states the letter, which was emailed by Lainey Lothian, a legislative correspondent for the congressman.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rep. Farenthold accusuer may talk to Ethics Committee by end of year 6:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Farenthold settled the case in federal court in 2015 after Greene accused him of sexual harassment, gender discrimination and creating a hostile work place. Greene was paid $84,000 in taxpayer funds through the Office of Compliance account for workplace disputes.
Related: Ethics probe of Farenthold picks up steam
Farenthold's chief of staff, Bob Haueter, who was named in the suit, continues to work for him. He tells NBC News that he wasn't aware of the letter but said "there's a great deal frustration about all that is being said by just about everyone in the office."
Lothian said she did not “initiate” the letter and that no one in the congressman's office asked her to send it but she did not respond to requests for more information on who wrote it or asked for it to be circulated.
It's unclear how many people have or will sign the letter. It has yet to be released publicly with signatories.
The letter is also critical of the process. It notes that the Office of Congressional Ethics, a staff-run board, "voted 6-0 unanimously to dismiss the matter."
But the Ethics Committee thought there was enough evidence to proceed. The committee continues its investigation into the accusation, an effort that intensified when the congressman's accuser agreed to be interviewed last week after Greene spoke to the press. The committee is re-upping its existing probe into misconduct allegations now that Greene has agreed to speak to the committee.
Les Alderman, Greene's attorney, declined to comment on the letter being circulated.
Letters of support were also released in support of Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota and Rep. John Conyers of Michigan, two Democratic lawmakers who resigned last week amid sexual harassment allegations. Those demonstrations of support, however, were organized by former staffers, not current ones like Lothian, and did not take aim at their accusers.
In Franken's case, 14 former aides signed onto the letter, which was joined by separate letters from his former colleagues at "Saturday Night Live" and more than 80 Minnesota elected officials and community leaders.
Two Republican woman in the House have called on Farenthold to resign. Mia Love of Utah was the first, and Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington, a member of leadership, did so on Friday.
Two other women, both former staffers, came forward last week detailing a difficult working environment in Farenthold's office.
Emily Peace, who was communications director after Greene, described a hostile work environment in an interview with The Houston Chronicle, claiming that the congressman did nothing to address it. “His comments were inappropriate, and his unwillingness to immediately take action to allow us to work in a safe environment is inappropriate,” Peace said.
Olivia de la Pena, a former intern, told the Chronicle that Farenthold had “anger issues” that she had to learn to navigate which, in one episode, left her in tears. Farenthold's office said that the congressman and the entire staff had undergone sensitivity and harassment training since those episodes.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message Thursday night, telling reporters as he posed for photos with his senior military leaders that this might be “the calm before the storm.”
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided he wanted the press to document a dinner he was holding with the military leaders and their wives.
Reporters were led hastily to the grand State Dining Room, where they walked into a scene of the president, his highest-ranking military aides and their wives posing for a group photo. The cameras clicked and they smiled. A joke was made about someone's face being tired. Live classical music played.
Then, Trump gestured to the reporters in the room.
“You guys know what this represents?” Trump asked. “Maybe it's the calm before the storm. Could be the calm, the calm before the storm.”
“What storm Mr. President?” one reporter shouted. ISIS? North Korea? Iran?
“You'll find out,” the president said.
He also praised those assembled for the photo, saying: “We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that.”
Earlier in the evening, the White House communications team had told reporters that the president would not make any more appearances that day – but then, around 7:10 p.m., those who happened to still be at the White House were summoned to the State Dining Room to briefly witness the photo-taking session.
The reporters were then led out of the room, after having been there for just one minute.
Earlier in the evening, the president had lauded the group, including his defence secretary and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and said they would be discussing the most pressing military issues facing the country, including North Korea and Iran.
Trump said “tremendous progress” had been made with respect to the Islamic State group, adding, “I guess the media's going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time.”
He also denounced Iran, saying the country should not be allowed to obtain nuclear weapons, and offered another stark warning to North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
“We cannot allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or allies with unimaginable loss of life,” he said, vowing to “do what we must do to prevent that from happening and it will be done, if necessary. Believe me.”
He also said that, moving forward, he expects those in the room to provide him with “a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace.”
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call Pause
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
5:16 When a river of grass runs dry
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
Delivering a virtual application is fine, but without data, it's useless. Technology experts Lee Bushen and Chris Friend (of XenMobile Master Class fame) show you how to keep data safe and accessible to your users from anywhere.
Using a series of live demos, they show you:
Managing data with ShareFile – User experience
Where is my data and how can I keep it safe?
ShareFile with Desktop virtualization best practices
Platinum features: Guest speaker Rob Sanders
This video is from the fine folks at Citrix
OMNISPORT
Edinson Cavani revelled in Paris Saint-Germain marking his 30th birthday with a "special" 4-0 thumping of Barcelona on Tuesday.
PSG took a huge step towards the Champions League quarter-finals with an emphatic victory in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
Cavani rounded off the scoring after a double from Angel Di Maria – also celebrating his birthday – sandwiched a goal from Julian Draxler.
It was a very good birthday for Angel Di Maria and Edinson Cavani. https://t.co/YLU0IcCl5r — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) February 14, 2017
The Uruguay international enjoyed the occasion, but was quick to point out that PSG cannot lose focus on domestic matters.
"For four seasons I have been in Paris and we have played some great matches, but this victory has a rather special flavour because of the meaning of this day for me," Cavani told beIN SPORTS.
"We are all very happy. We have done a great job but tomorrow we will have to recover.
"For now, we are not thinking about the second leg. We must focus on the league and the domestic cups, which are also very important.
"It will be necessary to prepare for the match in Barcelona because football is beautiful because you never know what can happen before a game."
Edinson Cavani = 🔥 pic.twitter.com/AcSu61hzPW — Bleacher Report UK (@br_uk) February 14, 2017
Centre-back Marquinhos praised PSG's defensive performance but still anticipates a tough match in the second leg in Barcelona on March 8.
"We are a young but solid team," said Marquinhos. "We knew how to squeeze them, how to be well positioned with the low block, and we knew how to take advantage of our opportunities.
"Everyone is super happy. We must keep our feet on the ground, work well and prepare because we know that Barça are a formidable team at Camp Nou. We will have to suffer, defend and attack together."
The question is whether or not this will translate into high yields for the state and if Minnesota will be anywhere close to last year's record-setting corn and soybean production.
Dave Nicolai, University of Minnesota Extension educator for crops, says Minnesota is faring better than other areas of the Corn Belt, especially compared to the drought-stricken Dakotas.
However, even the I-states have been challenged, which is reflected in their declining crop ratings.
"Illinois and Indiana have had their challenges, too, and even parts of Iowa, so I think if you look at that situation here, Minnesota is kind of a sweet spot in retrospect," says Nicolai.
However, Nicolai says the state is a tale of two crops, with the east faring better than the west. "The crop looks very good in a lot of the parts of the state, especially south central, eastern Minnesota," he says. That's because those areas have received ample moisture, so farmers there are optimistic about corn yields.
Bruce Schmoll farms near Claremont, Minn., in the southeast corner of the state.
"Actually I think we're going to be comparable to last year if things progress the way they are," says Schmoll. "Our corn just tasseled out last week so we had decent weather for that — not real hot and dry. I'm anticipating we can get that 220- to 230-bushel yield on the corn side."
However, as you move to the north and west, precipitation has been below normal.
"We had about 4.5 inches about six weeks ago, and we've had two or three tenths since, so we're probably two or three inches behind," says Ron Obermoller of Brewster, Minn. That, combined with the heat during pollination, will result in lower yields than a year ago on corn. "Last year we had best crop ever," he says. "We probably averaged 210, and I'm guessing we're already 20 bushels off of that in corn."
In central Minnesota, dryness is also becoming a concern for Tom Haag of Eden Valley.
"Now the last two to three weeks we haven't caught the key rains," he says. "Our clay knobs are starting to show the stress so we know we don't have the yield that we do in the lower part of the field."
He says that is lowering yield potential, especially compared to 2016.
"Last year we were in that 185 bushel range. This year we're probably more in that average," says Haag. "We're hoping for 160 to 165 bushels on corn."
If it stays dry, Haag thinks that will impact test weights.
"Right now, I would say we're on average with test weights, but a lot depends upon if we don't get the moisture to help fill that ear out. We will then have lighter test weight," he says.
There's still time for the soybeans, but farmers are not quite as optimistic about the prospects for this year's crop because of the planting and emergence issues. In Western Minnesota, Bob Worth of Lamberton has been lucky to receive some timely rains the rest of the area has missed out on. However, the crop got off to a poor start.
"We had a lot of variabilities when we put the crop in — some couldn't get it in on time and then we had some drowned outs, we had some replants, we had all kinds of these small issues," says Worth. Due to these factors, he believes his soybean yields will be down from last year as well.
"We're going to be above trendline, but we're not going to be where we were last year so we're probably talking about 180 to 190 bushel corn, and we're probably talking 50 to 60 bushel beans," Worth says.
With the variability across the state, Nicolai says average yields in Minnesota won't break last year's records for corn or beans either.
"South central Minnesota can help to pick up a lot of the state and move it towards trendline, but I don't think we're looking for a record crop obviously given the current situation and moisture situation."
Arnaldo Rios' family claims North Miami police conspired to falsely arrest and imprison Rios after an officer shot his caretaker. Though no weapon was found, Rios, who can barely communicate was handcuffed, placed in a patrol car and interrogated
The sun has set on Cornwall for another series – with some big questions still to be answered
As chat-up lines go, “Shall we grant ourselves each other so I can go into the darkness knowing I have once tasted heaven?” isn't bad. A little cheesy perhaps. But few Poldark viewers were expecting it to work on Demelza, the rough, tough serving girl who has blossomed into the fabulous Mrs P for three series now.
Advertisement
But work it did – said Mrs Ross seemingly offered young Hugh Armitage the heaven he was craving before he goes blind (“in six months” as he said – which seems very medically precise for the 1790s but there you are).
It was a shocking moment to witness the loyal, faithful Demelza, who lets not forget eschewed the advances of Captain McNeil in the last series, apparently give herself to another man.
But we had been building to it for a while and the consummation owed as much to a Hardyesque twist of fate as it did to her wish to be wooed. Just as Demelza discovered that Ross had kissed Elizabeth in church (as we predicted Prudie would reveal) she returned home just in time to find Lt Armitage mooning about Nampara.
It's not exactly clear what else went on among the sand dunes apart from the kissing (below) but it seems like heaven was tasted (scriptwriter Debbie Horsfield thinks they went further). And when she got home Demelza, forbade Ross from asking any questions.
Elsewhere, her husband (who has been a bit of a stubborn fool this series) was elevated a little in the hero stakes with his staunch leadership of the rag tag group of locals who had been assembled after Tholly and Prudie spotted “Frenchies” off the coast.
Incidentally, I also liked the fact that Tholly had a proper pirate's telescope to go with his weathered tricorn hat and hooked hand. I think the props department need to find him a parrot for series four and some pieces o'eight.
Ross's men were immediately summoned – only to find Tholly and Sam Carne leading a starving band of locals intent on storming Warleggan's grain store.
Ross didn't fire on them, but he managed to ensure peace while promising, finally, to accept the offer of becoming a politician if asked again.
There's no guarantee he will, but the chances are we will be seeing Ross P MP next series. A sign that he is making some sensible decisions at last.
George won't like that but the ghastly Warleggan's hate-filled obsession with all things Poldark backfired a little after he got awful Tom Harry to harass poor Drake and burn down his blacksmith's forge
When Drake had the cheek to tell Elizabeth about it, George tried to kick him out of the house before his wife finally gave us an indication of why Ross was once in love with her. The bullying must stop, she said, the “brute” Tom Harry must be fired and she even managed to confront George about his suspicions of the paternity of young Valentine.
It was an emotionally complex scene, that one. Obviously, Elizabeth's protestations of innocence are not entirely honest – although her insistence that she never gave herself to anyone between her marriages to Francis and George is perhaps technically true, and perhaps suggests that she believes Ross forced himself upon her during that controversial night they spent together in series two.
It was also conflicting to see George break down and cry. He has been almost pantomime in his villainy this series but tonight we saw a little into his blackened heart and we may have softened, if only a bit, for him. Let's not forget that as a boy Ross used to put toads down his trousers – it was probably then that his hatred fermented.
Still, there's little ambiguity in the story of Osborne “Ossie” Whitworth who was also undone by feminine wiles. Morwenna's sister Rowella had been having her way with him and, whether she was pregnant or not, managed to convince Ossie a) that she was up the duff and b) to part with a good deal of money to see her wedded off to red-headed friend Arthur Solway from the library.
Whether poor Drake will finally get the woman he loves, who knows, but there is certainly hope for series four, symbolised in the winter primroses he found and placed at Morwenna's door.
“Wherever you are, know that I love you…I love you” she said on the doorstep, and Drake, hiding behind the gate heard every word.
It was a beautiful little scene. Whether love can be rekindled in the Ross and Demelza marriage, however, remains to be seen.
Advertisement
What's going to happen in Poldark series 4? Listen to our podcast to hear our thoughts…
eXXXotica Hotties earned wads of cash while dancing on the many poles and platforms throughout the Dallas Convention Center. In Charlotte, dancers at Cameo say they have been shortchanged for years by working only for tips and not getting paid a salary, according to a lawsuit filed Thursday. Edward Balusek
Despite Republican leaders' wayward fall from debt frugality into tax cut frivolity, shifting teams now to Chuck and Nancy would be a fiscal calamity. “Chuck and Nancy” is a Trump euphemism for Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.
Republicans deserve criticism for abandoning their long held top priority to reduce deficits and debt in order to pass deficit-busting tax cuts. But Chuck and Nancy have never made deficit and debt reduction a priority.
Certainly, Democrats think Republican tax gifts to big corporations and the wealthy will sweep them into power next year. But with Chuck and Nancy at the helm, that's unlikely. Democrats' pathway to victory requires a convincing appeal to the centrist Americans that Republicans have abandoned, i.e., a surge toward moderation. That's not the political position New York and California Democrats like Chuck and Nancy espouse.
As one long-time Mississippi Democratic officeholder told me recently, “It seems that there are no people in Congress who put the country above party. The whole goal of both parties is power. Link that to campaign contributions. A pox on all their houses!”
He's not alone.
“I have lost all hope of any real fiscal reform or responsible governance,” one of my more conservative, military retiree friends said. “I truly believe that our pols have realized that $20.2 trillion is not going to be paid back, or even paid down… ever! As the owner of the printing press of the world's reserve currency, they have decided to optimize the climate for business or possibly a loftier goal of elevating the standard of living to the highest level possible (measured in big screen TV size) for the longest period possible.“
Hold on. It appears Republican leaders are now admitting economic growth won't generate enough revenue to pay for their big tax cuts and talking tough about spending cuts. Their plan, however, may be the sort of miscalculation that actually puts Chuck and Nancy in the game.
“Let's cut Social Security to pay for tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy.” Sound like a smart strategy to you? That story is building.
“Florida Senator Marco Rubio admits that the Republican tax cut plan, which benefits corporations and the wealthy, will require cuts to Social Security and Medicare to pay for it,” reads a Newsweek story.
“Republicans are making no secret of their plans to go after these critical retirement programs,” says a Reuters story. “It is the flip side of their plan to expand the federal deficit by $1.5 trillion through tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy. Cutting spending by these programs might be used to offset some of the cuts.”
“We're going to have to get back next year to entitlement reform,” added Speaker of the House Paul Ryan.
Everybody with common sense knows that Social Security and Medicare need to be modified and/or shored up. But in politics, timing and message are everything. Just hinting, if not outright saying they're cutting Saying Social Security to pay for tax cuts fumbles the ball to Chuck and Nancy on the 10-yard line.
“Stupid, stupid, stupid,” as former Sen. Alan Simpson says.
ARCADIA, Calif. — Lombo scored a two-length victory in the $150,000 Robert B. Lewis Stakes at Santa Anita on Saturday, giving trainer Mike Pender a Kentucky Derby contender.
Ridden by Flavien Prat, Lombo ran 1 1/16 miles in 1:45.41 and paid $19.40, $10.40 and $7.20 at 8-1 odds in the field of nine 3-year-olds.
Lombo earned 10 qualifying points on the Kentucky Derby leaderboard, which determines the 20-horse field for the May 5 race.
Ayacara returned $6 and $4.40 and earned four qualifying points. Dark Vader was another 3 1/2 lengths back in third and paid $13.60 to show, earning two qualifying points. Regulate received one point for finishing fourth.
Peace, the 2-1 favourite, was seventh.
Lombo earned his first career victory by 3 1/2 lengths on Jan. 20 at Santa Anita. Prat picked up the mount for the colt's fourth career start when Kent Desormeaux opted to ride Ayacara.
“He ran a big race,” Prat said. “They put a little pressure on him down the backside, but he was nice and relaxed. I worked him last week and he's got a lot of speed. I was concerned he might want to go, but he was relaxed. That was my main concern.”
Lombo was purchased for $75,000 by owner Michael V. Lombardi at a 2-year-old in training sale in Ocala, Florida, last March. The colt has two wins in four starts and earnings of $129,225.
We have found your latest Facebook obsession! Tiny food! Look at how cute it is… look at it!
Tiny Graduation BBQ Tiny Graduation BBQSave this recipe: https://taste.md/2spgKY7More recipes on our app ￼📲 http://link.tastemade.com/HE7m/VKluU0NuDD Posted by Tiny Kitchen on Tuesday, June 13, 2017
Tiny Kitchen, a food show produced for Tastemade, is preparing “tiny meals” using small portions of food and similarly small kitchen implements.
Tiny Pepperoni Pizza Tiny Pepperoni PizzaWatch more Tiny Kitchen on the Tastemade App: http://taste.md/2bjCoRg Posted by Tiny Kitchen on Wednesday, January 25, 2017
Whether it's a tiny graduation barbecue, tomato soup and a sandwich or a tiny pepperoni pizza, Tiny Kitchen produces food in a way that goes against everything we've learned about food over the years. Bigger may not necessarily be better.
Tiny Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup Tiny Grilled Cheese & Tomato SoupCheck out the Tiny Cookbook in the comments! Posted by Tiny Kitchen on Tuesday, January 10, 2017
You can subscribe to Tiny Kitchen on Facebook or YouTube.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed NYT: Trump Camp, Russian Officials in Contact 2:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign spokesman Tuesday night called the information in a New York Times report — which said intercepted phone calls showed that officials of Donald Trump's campaign had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials — a "colossal scandal."
Brian Fallon, the Clinton campaign's press secretary, said on Twitter that the report, posted online Tuesday night by The New York Times, proved "everything we suspected during the campaign."
The NYT story directly contradicts Trump and his staff who repeatedly said no contact occured between his campaign and Russian officials. — Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) February 15, 2017
The Times, citing four current and former U.S. officials, reported that the contacts were in the year before the November election. NBC News has not confirmed the details in the report.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Flynn Resignation: What Did President Trump Know? 3:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Clinton's campaign manager, Robby Mook, said on Twitter: "I'd like the FBI to explain why they sent a letter about Clinton but not this," apparently referring to FBI Director James Comey's letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee shortly before the election about emails discovered on a laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner, D-New York.
The Times reported that there is no evidence that there was any cooperation between the Trump campaign and the Russians. CNN also reported on the alleged communications.
The Times reported that "American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time that they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee," citing three unnamed officials.
President Donald Trump speaks at the White House last week. Andrew Harrer / Getty Images
The Times reported that "the officials said that one of the advisers picked up on the calls was Paul Manafort," Trump's campaign chairman for several months last year, who had worked as a political consultant in Russia and Ukraine.
The Times said the officials wouldn't name any other Trump associates on the calls.
In an interview with The Times, Manafort said: "This is absurd."
"I have no idea what this is referring to. I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today," Manafort told The Times.
"It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer,'" he added, according to the Times.
U.S. intelligence officials have said Russia was suspected of being involved in cyber-attacks on Democratic Party institutions during the election. A government intelligence report released in January concluded that the Russian campaign evolved into an attempt to help Trump win.
NBC News has reported that U.S. intelligence officials believe Russian President Vladimir Putin became personally involved. Russia has repeatedly denied any involvement.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Flynn Ousting Prompts National Security Concerns 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, ranking Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said on MSNBC-TV on Tuesday night that he was not surprised by the Times report. He said he has been trying to get information about possible connection between Trump campaign officials and the Russian government without much cooperation from the Republican chairman of the committee.
"It is very alarming," Cummings told MSNBC's Joy-Ann Reid.
The Times report comes a day after Trump's national security adviser, retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, resigned over telephone calls he shared with Russia's ambassador to the United States in December — before Trump took office.
Among the topics discussed were U.S. sanctions imposed by the administration of President Barack Obama against Moscow for its alleged role in the 2016 presidential election, a senior intelligence official told NBC News.
At a White House press briefing earlier Tuesday, Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked about Trump's denial in January that anyone in his campaign had been in touch with the Russians during the campaign, and whether Spicer could say that nobody on the campaign had any contacts with the Russians before the election.
"There's nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period," Spicer said.
Latest developments regarding the proposal for the creation of a crocodile park in Achna caused turmoil in the local community.
More specifically, the Achna local committee did not hesitate to withdraw support for the creation of a crocodile park in the area, according to Philenews the latest reports.
On their part, Achna committee members unanimously decided on Tuesday, 29th of May 2018, to reject a proposal regarding a crocodile themed park to be created in Achna, taking into account the concerns of local people and the general public.
The Achna local council is expected to inform the Israeli company TSA Crocopark about their decision. It is worth mentioning that after the rejection of the proposal follows the cancellation of a pre-contract regarding the purchase of land within the UN buffer zone in Achna, where the park was supposed to be constructed.
Serena Williams is the greatest female athlete of all time, according to Novak Djokovic.
The 23-time grand slam champion returned to action on Tuesday at the French Open, her first major since giving birth last September.
Williams beat Krystina Pliskova 7-6 (7-4) 6-4 to move into the second round of the women's draw, setting up a clash with Ashleigh Barty.
Her display brought plenty of praise from fellow players, with Djokovic adding his voice to them following a hard-fought 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4 win over Jaume Munar.
"I love Serena," he told reporters. "All the superlatives and beautiful words that you can think of, she deserves it.
"Especially now, after she gave birth to Olympia and after all she has achieved in sport to see her back and putting [in] hours on the court and work, again and again."
He added: "What a woman has to go through with the pregnancy and birth and then everything after that; I'm sorry to all the guys, but it's much more difficult for a woman.
"So that's why it makes it even more impressive when they make a comeback, and especially Serena after all she has done. We cannot forget about that.
"It's not like she never won a slam and then now she wants to come back because she has something to achieve from that perspective.
"She has won what, 23? She's the greatest female athlete of all time, probably, and she keeps on coming back and inspiring everyone.
"She uses tennis as a platform to do good things, and that's why she's back. You can see how much she loves it."
Williams picked up her second win as many days on Wednesday, this time in the women's doubles alongside her sister Venus as they beat 14th seeds Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato 4-6 6-4 6-1.
A GOP lawmaker said Wednesday that the alleged gunman in a shooting at a congressional baseball practice that wounded five asked whether “Republicans or Democrats” were on the field shortly before the attack in Virginia.
Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., told CNBC that a man came up to him and Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., at the practice and asked if the players on the field were Republicans or Democrats.
“We both agreed that that individual who came up to us and asked if it was Republicans or Democrats ... is the same individual police have identified," DeSantis said. "That picture is the same guy that we saw.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Congressman: Suspected Shooter Asked Us If We Were Dems or GOP 3:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The man approached him and Duncan in their car and asked who was playing, and Duncan responded that they were Republicans, DeSantis said.
“We both kind of shrugged it off, by the time we got back to the Hill when news broke we immediately called each other and said that guy was ... we've got to report that,” he said.
Duncan told reporters, "I actually left right before the shooting happened and had an interaction with, who I believe, was the shooter based on the profile that I saw on TV. I have given a statement to the Alexandria Police Department this morning.
"After I heard about the shooting, they asked me to come down there because I did have an interaction with someone in the parking lot who asked me if the team practicing was a Democratic or Republican team," he added. "I told him they were Republicans. He said, 'Ok, thanks.' [He] turned around. I got into the car and left to find out my Republican colleagues were targeted by the active shooter."
Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) said in a statement he'd been told the shooter had "apparently volunteered" on his 2016 presidential campaign. “I am sickened by this despicable act,” Sanders said. “Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, center, and other members of the Republican Congressional softball team, stand behind police tape of the scene of the shootings in Alexandria. Cliff Owen / AP
PHOTOS: Gunman Opens Fire at Republican Baseball Practice
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among five people wounded during the Wednesday morning shooting. Scalise was transported to a hospital in Washington, D.C., where he underwent surgery and was in critical condition, the hospital said Wednesday afternoon.
Federal law enforcement officials identified the suspected shooter to NBC News as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, from Belleville, Illinois. President Donald Trump announced that the suspect had died.
"Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone," Scalise's office said in a statement. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues."
One Capitol Police officer was also wounded in the incident with non-life threatening injuries.
Related: Virginia Shooting Witness: 'It Was A Firefight' on Baseball Field
DeSantis also described the incident on MSNBC and said he and Duncan decided to leave the practice early Wednesday morning to beat traffic.
“We left the field probably a little after 7 o'clock, the rest of the guys were still out their practicing,” he said.
James Hodgkinson was charged in 2006 with assaulting his girlfriend. The charges were later dismissed. Illinois police
DeSantis also said he believed there could have been more injuries or possibly deaths if Scalise had not been present, because as a member of congressional leadership he had his Capitol Police security detail with him.
"Had Steve just not decided to come to practice this morning, that shooter was there I think you're looking at way more people wounded and probably some people who would have been killed because you would have had members of Congress and congressional staff out on baseball diamond with no way to really defend themselves," he said.
Bayern Munich winger Arjen Robben admits he felt he was taking a step back in his career when he moved to the Bundesliga in 2009.
The Dutchman, who joined Bayern from Real Madrid for around 25million euros, did not expect to enjoy the success he has since experienced in Bavaria.
"There had been contact with Bavaria, but it was a difficult decision to take," Robben told Dutch TV channel Fox Sports. "It was the most difficult decision of my life.
"Bayern were not one of Europe's top teams back then, unlike today, and so it was a step backwards for me."
Robben has won five Bundesliga titles, the DFB-Pokal four times and the Champions League with Bayern, but he had been determined to win more trophies in Spain.
That summer Real invested in the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Kaka, Xabi Alonso and Karim Benzema, however, and Robben soon realised his opportunities would be limited.
"This is my eighth campaign here now and I am part of this club"
He ultimately agreed to move to Bavaria just days before the transfer window closed.
"We were told that the club could make some money by selling me, but I really didn't want to go," Robben said.
"I looked back at what had probably been the best pre-season of my career, but I still wasn't given a chance, so I had to make a decision.
"In the end, I signed on because the club did everything within their power to convince me. Even (then Bayern coach) Louis van Gaal was a reason."
Robben does not regret the move now, though, given the glory he has tasted in Munich.
"I'm Bayern through and through now," said the 32-year-old, whose contract with Bayern expires at the end of the season.
"This is my eighth campaign here now and I am part of this club."
An OPod home costs about $15,000 to build, Law said. Initially, he added, his firm plans to rent them out for no more than $900 per month — probably as “transition housing,” a low-cost option that allows people to “save some money, and then move on to more permanent forms of housing.”
Cost, of course, is just one consideration when picking a place to live. And not everyone is convinced that pipe life is the way to go.
“Tenants will hardly have any interaction with each other,” Carlo Ratti, a professor of urban technologies and planning at MIT and a leading expert on urban design, told NBC News MACH in an email. “The only shared spaces that I can see — open-air walkways and stairs — looks not like places where you might want to stop by.”
Dr. Dak Kopec, an associate professor at the University of Nevada in Las Vegas who has been outspoken about the potential health risks of tiny homes, praised the initiative as “creative” and “playful.” But he said tiny homes like the OPod units won't solve any housing crisis. “I see them as an overly simplistic and banal solution to a bigger problem which includes foreign investors driving our housing prices up without added taxes or other financial penalties that allow cities to reinvest in their full-time residents,” he told MACH in an email.
But Kopec said OPods could be useful for urban summer camps, college dormitories, or temporary shelters for homeless people.
The meeting of the Supreme Planning Council of the Civil Administration for Judea and Samaria will not be held in April as scheduled, and will be postponed until an unknown date, following sanctions imposed by Civil Administration employees.
Due to the postponement, permits for construction in Judea and Samaria will also be delayed.
A long time ago in Android land, a new launcher appeared in the Play Store. Called Aviate, it promised features that were, at that point in time, unique and relatively unheard of. The gist was that the launcher would predict what apps you would need, based on the time of day and later your location and other factors. It was supposed to make life easier by doing the homescreen customization for you, but my experience with it proved that it was merely a disappointment and a frustration.
Honestly, it never lived up to the potential I thought it had, and it drained batteries back in those days. The years have seen me switch to Action Launcher, but Aviate still carries with it a sense of nostalgia for me. Yahoo bought the launcher in 2014, which I knew spelled the end for it, since Yahoo had an EA-like reputation for sinking companies it purchased. Though it took some time, good ol' Yahoo has proven me right: support for Aviate Launcher will end on March 8.
In the blog post, there's the typical drivel about learning a lot from the experience, the team being excited for new projects, and so on. I do not know if any of you still use Aviate, or if you moved onto greener pastures (like me), but say goodbye nonetheless.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Speedway has responded to a WAVE 3 News report about a woman who claimed her credit card information was compromised by a skimmer at the Speedway on Grinstead Drive and Bardstown Road.
Speedway issued the following statement regarding the issue of skimmers on their premises, adding that there have been no skimmer incidents at the specific Speedway on Bardstown Road:
>> PREVIOUS STORY: Gas stations taking new steps to fight skimming
“At Speedway, we take the protection of our customers' credit information very seriously. We have a multi-faceted prevention program. In addition, we have an active detection program where we have policies and procedures to identify the existence of skimmers as soon as possible to further minimize the impact on our customers. There have been no skimmer incidents at the Bardstown Road Speedway.”
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
South Africa great Bryan Habana is to retire at the end of the season after being unable to force his way back into the Toulon team.
Habana underwent surgery to repair a long-standing knee injury last year but since recovering has found his path back into the starting XV blocked by the likes of Chris Ashton and Josua Tuisova.
The 34-year-old will retire as the Springboks' leading try-scorer with 67 and three short of Victor Matfield's record of 127 for caps won by a South African.
He was a World Cup winner in 2007 and was also named the world's best player in the same year.
"The inevitable moment has come knocking on my door and I've welcomed it in for a drink.." he said on Instagram.
"It's been more than a year of hoping, trying, pushing and willing to get back on the field for one last time, to taste the sweet victory or encounter that gut-wrenching despair.
"To hear the roar of the crowd or grab the pill out of the air. To make that last bone crunching tackle or score that last game winning try. But it's unfortunately just not to be.
"I, like most, would have liked my career to have ended differently, but sometimes things don't turn out quite the way we hope for.
"So at the end of this season, it's time to say goodbye and thank you to the game I so dearly love.."
Habana's last Test appearance was in 2016, when he was also vice-captain, but South Africa's decision to rely less on overseas-based players undermined his hope of adding to his 124 caps.
He made his debut at Twickenham in 2004 and developed into one of the sport's most lethal finishers, his electric pace and eye for an intercept making him a deadly opponent.
Thomas Meunier said he would be facing the best player he has ever played with when Belgium takes on Neymar and Brazil in the World Cup quarter-final, saying of his Paris-Saint Germain team-mate: "I do not know how to stop him."
Meunier played the entirety of Belgium's 3-2 round-of-16 victory over Japan, which was settled by Nacer Chadli's stoppage-time strike and set up a quarter-final clash with the highly fancied South Americans.
Neymar scored the first goal in Brazil's 2-0 win over Mexico to double his World Cup tally, and Meunier admitted that keeping the 26-year-old at bay in Friday's clash would be difficult.
"I do not know how to stop him. He is very unpredictable," Meunier told Globo Esporte.
"Neymar is probably the best player I've ever played with or against.
"Anyway, I'll do my best. I know we have a chance, but I also know that it is very complicated to stop them, not just Neymar. [Philippe] Coutinho, [Roberto] Firmino, [Gabriel] Jesus, Marcelo, the whole team."
Belgium have won all four of their World Cup games so far, scoring 12 goals in the process, but Meunier warned that beating Belgium would require a higher level of performance.
"They have many qualities," he said. "It's complicated. We're facing the best team in the world.
"We have a chance, but it will be quite complicated.
"I expect a difficult game. We are not favourites to the World Cup. To beat Brazil, you have to be 100 per cent, 120 per cent of your mental and physical capacity.
"It's already a final for us. We know we have quality and collectiveness to beat them, but we also know that it will not be easy."
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Golden State Warriors guard Klay Thompson smiles while speaking at a news conference after Game 5 of basketball's NBA Finals between the Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers in Oakland, Calif., Monday, June 12, 2017. The Warriors...
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry speaks at a news conference after Game 5 of basketball's NBA Finals between the Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers in Oakland, Calif., Monday, June 12, 2017. The Warriors won 129-120 to...
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry, left, and Shaun Livingston speak with reporters during a news conference Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Oakland, Calif. The Warriors won the NBA championship over the Cleveland Cavaliers earlie...
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry sits on an exercise bike prior to an NBA basketball news conference on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Oakland, Calif.
By JANIE McCAULEYAP Sports Writer
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Stephen Curry will likely go from being the NBA's biggest bargain to signing the richest contract in the league at more than $200 million. And he looks forward to the nice payday.
Yet the two-time reigning MVP and new NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant said Wednesday they would seriously consider less money to keep the core of the champion Golden State Warriors intact.
Two days after capturing the franchise's second title in three years against LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Warriors prepared to part ways for what will be a busy offseason for general manager Bob Myers and the front office.
Durant hinted he would opt out of a deal that pays him the maximum he can get in order to help Golden State's chances of re-signing Andre Iguodala or Shaun Livingston.
___
More AP NBA: http://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Greenfield man was indicted in Ross County last week for aggravated vehicular homicide and other felony traffic charges in relation to a fatal accident on the outskirts of Greenfield last year.
Zachariah L. Lyons, 30, was arrested last week in Greenfield on the indictment, which includes one count of aggravated vehicular homicide, a second-degree felony; failure to stop after an accident, a third-degree felony; and tampering with evidence, also a third-degree felony.
The charges stem from what authorities called a “freak accident” on SR 28 east of Greenfield that claimed the life of Jeffery Calhoun, 56, Greenfield, in June last year.
As previously reported, the Ohio State Highway Patrol said Lyons was traveling westbound into Greenfield near the county line when the homemade trailer he was towing lost a wheel, which then bounced off a westbound vehicle and flew through the windshield of an eastbound vehicle in which Calhoun was a passenger.
The wheel struck Calhoun directly, the OSHP said, and he was later pronounced dead at Adena Greenfield Medical Center.
According to the indictment, Lyons did not have a valid driver's license at the time, and did not immediately stop when the incident occurred.
According to online court records, Lyons posted bond Monday.
A pre-trial conference is set for April 13 in Ross County Common Pleas Court.
Reach David Wright at 937-402-2570, or on Twitter @DavidWrighter.
Shown is a vehicle that was struck by a flying wheel near Greenfield last summer. The collision resulted in a fatality. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/03/web1_calhounwreck.jpg Shown is a vehicle that was struck by a flying wheel near Greenfield last summer. The collision resulted in a fatality. David Wright | The Times-Gazette
Court docs: Lyons failed to stop after fatal accident
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Dylan Hatfield got one last chance to see his brother and five other crewmen on the Destination, a 98-foot crab boat missing and presumed sunk in the Bering Sea.
The Destination was tied up Thursday in the Aleutian Islands port of Dutch Harbor, preparing to leave. Hatfield, 29, had just come in from the Bering Sea on a different boat. He had worked on the Destination off and on for seven years, and when he left, his older brother, 36-year-old Darrik Seibold, replaced him.
“We went down to the boat, brought a case of beer, said hello to everybody, gave everybody big hugs, told stories and had laughs,” Hatfield said. Afterward, they all went out for pizza at the Norwegian Rat Saloon.”
“I got to tell the fellas I loved them, I got to hug my brother and tell him that I loved him, and then they left,” Hatfield said.
Early Friday, the Destination left for St. Paul Island, one of the tiny Pribilof Islands in the vast Bering Sea.
On Saturday morning, Hatfield got the call: the Destination was missing 2 miles off another Pribilof Island, St. George. The Coast Guard had received an emergency location radio transmission from a device that transmits when it hits saltwater.
Searchers rushed to the scene. They found an oil slick, a life ring and buoys. They emergency location beacon was floating in the slick.
The lack of debris, the failure to make a mayday call, the absence of lifeboats or mariners in survival suits pointed to a sudden tragedy.
“In my mind, they rolled over,” Hatfield said. “I'm almost positive that those boys are still on the boat.”
Commercial fishing is inherently dangerous, and crab fishing in the Bering Sea is notoriously so. Fishermen work winters in icy, heaving platforms handling heavy, unforgiving equipment.
The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health notes that fishermen drop crab pots, each weighing 750 to 850 pounds empty, rigged to hundreds of feet of coiled line and buoys used to recover them from the ocean bottom.
Just getting to the fishing grounds is dangerous. Vessels stack the heavy pots on their main deck in three to five tiers high as they travel in shallow ocean that sees big waves, high wind and icing that can make a boat top-heavy.
In the 1990s, 73 people died in the Bering Sea crab fishery as the result of capsizing, sinking, falling overboard or an industrial accident. Two factors, however, have dramatically lowered that rate of nearly eight deaths annually.
The Coast Guard and the Alaska Department of Fish and Game in 1999 instituted an upgraded inspection program with an emphasis on stability and safety. Vessels found lacking were not allowed to leave port.
Federal managers also changed the fishery. Before 2005, boats rushed out from ports “derby style,” trying to catch as much crab as possible until a quota was met, even if it meant fishing in dangerous conditions.
That was replaced with “crab rationalization,” in which most of the catch was guaranteed to boat owners. That meant they could use fewer boats, take longer to catch their quota and sit out dangerous conditions.
It also meant hundreds of crew members lost their jobs. However, safety improved. From October 1999 through last year, 10 lives have been lost, according to the national institute.
The Destination was on its way to St. Paul and planned to drop off bait on the island before heading out for a week or two to fish. The boat was carrying 200 crab pots and probably about 15,000 pounds of bait, Hatfield said.
The boat had just rounded the northeast quarter of St. George Island, an area known for turbulent water, when it went down.
“You get the shelf shallowing-up there, and lots of tide,” Hatfield said. “It's always really cold around those islands.”
A number of factors probably led to a capsizing, he said. The boat may have iced up from sea spray freezing in 20-degree temperatures. An alarm in the engine or steering room may have malfunctioned.
The boat had three tanks for holding crab. Pumps keep water circulating to them. If a pump shut off, it could cause a tank to go slack — partially emptied of water that provides stability, Hatfield said.
When a big wave hits, and the boat rolls in one direction, a slack tank makes it harder to recover.
“It's never the first one,” Hatfield said. “They probably took a big one, laid 'em over, and they didn't recover. Then they took another one, and another one, until she probably just rolled over.”
The vessel owners, F/V Destination, Inc., have not released name of the six crewmen. Spokesman Mike Barcott said the company has not contacted all families to make sure they want the names public.
He agreed that whatever happened probably came on suddenly. A half hour before the boat disappeared, it was in calm water on the lee of St. George Island, Barcott said by email.
“If there was a problem at that time they easily could have pulled into the harbor so we assume all was good then,” he said.
Seibold leaves a 3-year-old son. The cause of the tragedy likely will never be known, Hatfield said.
“The only people who know what happened are on the bottom of the ocean,” he said.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
If you're seeking relationship bliss circa 2017, look no further than your phone.
It seems emojis, those expressive pictures all over texts and Instagram, could actually help our love lives. In his new book, “The Emoji Code,” to be published in the U.S. in August by MacMillan Picador, British linguist Vyv Evans argues that emojis are making us better communicators.
Evans calls emojis a “near-universal form of communication,” replacing internet slang like LOL with the popular “face with tears of joy” emoji.
And while he says some see the little glyphs as “little more than an adolescent grunt,” Evans says those people couldn't be more wrong.
Evans' research found that 72 percent of 18- to 25-year-olds find it easier to express their emotions if they're using emojis. And 80 percent of people in the U.K. said they use them.
There's a reason for that: Digital communication has stripped away important context like gestures, facial expressions and tone of voice. Emails and texts often come across as more ambiguous — or mean-spirited — than intended.
Enter the emoji. Adding a little smiley face or winking eye can convey joking or sarcasm. A text that says “Sure, go ahead!” with a kissy face could read more like “sure … go ahead” without one.
A Match.com survey of singles in America found that people who use emojis went on more dates and were more likely to have sex than those who didn't. More than half of singles who used emojis had sex in 2014, compared to 31 percent of singles who didn't, according to the survey.
NBC News /
If this leaves you with a confused face, and you don't even know how to express that in emoji, check out this quick primer of definitions from Emojipedia.
Fishing on a diversified fishery brings moments of excitement along with utter disappointment. After recently fishing a Bassmaster College Series event on Cherokee Lake in Tennessee, the different habits of smallmouth bass, largemouth bass and spotted bass were made evident.
DeVante Parker learned Tuesday that he can earn $9.4 million in 2019.
Emphasis on earn.
The Dolphins have elected to pick up the fifth-year option on Parker's rookie contract, which keeps him under contract through next season for the aforementioned price.
But just because the Dolphins committed to Parker on Tuesday does not mean they are completely committed to him in 2019.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The contract is guaranteed only in the case of emergency.
Which means the Dolphins can walk away with no penalty next March, assuming Parker passes a physical.
Still, Tuesday's decision was a sign of faith by the Dolphins that this is the year Parker finally figures it out.
SHARE COPY LINK Shawn Jefferson, Miami Dolphins WR coach, says receiver DeVante Parker "is a monster...he will be invited to the monster ball". Charles Trainor, Jr.ctrainor@miamiherald.com
Since being the 14th pick of the 2015 draft, Parker has struggled with both injuries and maturity, catching an average of 46 passes for 636 yards per year as a pro. He has just eight career touchdowns.
But the Dolphins believe he can still become a dynamic receiver — he just needs his luck to turn. In his first three seasons, Parker has been hampered by foot, hamstring and ankle injuries, limiting his effectiveness. He was also in Adam Gase's doghouse in 2016 for not taking care of his body enough on his own time, but Gase has since praised Parker for his professionalism.
url: https://soundcloud.com/user-635273578/dolphins-in-depth-episode-2-2018
If Parker can indeed meet his potential, it will give the Dolphins a true No. 1 receiver with Jarvis Landry gone. He will join Kenny Stills, Danny Amendola, Albert Wilson and Jakeem Grant in a crowded position room this season.
Acting Under Secretary for Nuclear Security and National Nuclear Security Administration Administrator Steve Erhart answers a question during a news conference on the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, at the Pentagon. Jacquelyn Martin AP Photo
Foldable smartphones have been patented, demoed, and scrapped more times than any of us can count over the years. Maybe foldable phones aren't the future—maybe the future is going to be about expandable phones. Samsung has filed a patent for a smartphone display that expands when you pull on the sides. It's like carrying a smartphone and a tablet at the same time.
According to the patent, this system actually consists of three panels. The main display (DA1 in the above diagram) is all you can see in "phone mode." To get a wider screen, you'd just grab the left and right sides of the phone and pull outward. This action unrolls two more display segments (DA2 and DA3) that sit on either side of the main display. You end up with a much larger display area for watching videos or running multiple apps.
When not in use, the secondary display panels are hidden inside the body of the body of the device. This is just a patent application, so we don't know how such a phone would really work. Cramming three connected display units inside a phone would probably make it thicker, though. It does seem like a lot of complexity just to get a larger screen in a smartphone. The Edge screen seemed a little crazy at first, too, and look how that turned out.
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call Pause
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
1:10 Marlins pitcher Edinson Vólquez talks to the media
0:56 Heartfelt message to Gimenez from kids of undocumented immigrants
Despite the continuing flood of facts and statistics about the dangers of texting and driving, the practice is dangerous and ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
LIVERPOOL, England — Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp says Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain likely sustained a "really bad" injury in the 5-2 win over Roma in Champions League on Tuesday, potentially jeopardizing his chances of playing in the World Cup for England.
The midfielder came off on a stretcher in the 18th minute at Anfield after injuring his right leg in a tackle on Aleksandar Kolarov.
Klopp says it was "probably a really bad injury. That is bad news for us. The squad doesn't get bigger at the moment so we need to be creative in the next few games."
Liverpool is also currently without midfielders Emre Can and Adam Lallana.
News analysis
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. — No one knows how to run against House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi better than Rep. Steve Stivers, R-Ohio.
In 2010, he made her the central figure in his campaign to win a rematch against Mary Jo Kilroy, the Democratic incumbent who had defeated him by little more than 2,000 votes in 2008.
"Her record mirrors Pelosi's," Stivers said back then. "Really, my focus is going to be on Pelosi and Kilroy."
Across the country that year, anti-Pelosi ads were a fixture in Republican campaigns, and Stivers, who ended up winning Round 2 by a whopping 13 percentage points, became part of a freshman class that delivered the House back into GOP hands after Pelosi's four-year run as speaker.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pence: Trump and I will stand with GOP in 2018 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Now, as chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, Stivers is charged with fending off a Democratic wave and keeping the GOP's House majority in this year's midterm elections.
And he's dusting off the old playbook.
"Nancy Pelosi has stayed in the spotlight," Stivers explained said this week as he outlined the GOP's fall campaign plan at a news conference on the sidelines of a congressional Republican retreat here.
The question is whether Pelosi is as toxic now, with Republicans in control of the White House and Congress, as she was then.
Republicans are certain that she is.
On Wednesday night, Vice President Mike Pence told Republicans here that Pelosi is “out of touch with the American people” because she described corporate bonuses of $1,000 as "crumbs" compared to the benefits the wealthy will receive under President Donald Trump's signature tax cut.
The next day, in front of the same audience of House and Senate Republicans, Trump likened the remark to Hillary Clinton's formulation that half of Trump's 2016 campaign supporters were "deplorables."
Some Democrats fear that the prospect of Pelosi taking the speaker's gavel from Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., will hurt their party's chances in swing districts. Her approval ratings have hovered just below 30 percent. And Conor Lamb, the Democratic candidate running for the House in a western Pennsylvania special election next month, has said he would not vote for Pelosi to lead the party if he's elected.
Conor Lamb reacts to winning the democratic nomination for District 18 Congressional representative inside Washington High School gymnasium, where the Pennsylvania District 18 Congressional nomination convention was being held in Washington, Pennsylvania on Nov. 19, 2017. Jeff Swensen / The Washington Post via Getty Images file
"My take is, if these people have been around for several years and they haven't solved these problems that have been hanging around, it's time for someone new to step up and get it done," Lamb said.
But Pelosi's team says Republicans aren't living in the real world if they think a national campaign against her can overcome Trump's poor approval ratings — he's been below 40 percent in most polls — and the enthusiasm of Democratic voters.
"While we appreciate the ability of Republicans to whip themselves into the delusion that they're on offense, the herd of retiring Republican chairmen stampeding out the door is bold evidence to the contrary," Pelosi spokesman Drew Hammill said. "No amount of petty and pathetic attacks will mask the lethal combination of a Republican Congress held captive to a special interest agenda and a president with historically abysmal approval ratings."
Facing the likelihood of a well-funded Democratic challenger, New Jersey Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, announced this week that he won't run for re-election in a district he's held since 1994. Two days later, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said he won't seek another term.
Pelosi's right in noting that powerful GOP committee chairmen are retiring in droves. Some of them, like Gowdy, represent solidly Republican districts. But others, like Frelinghuysen and Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce of California, are abandoning districts that could swing to Democrats in November.
Pelosi's allies note that Ryan has poor approval ratings, suggesting that he's as vulnerable to becoming an anchor for Republicans candidates as Pelosi is for Democrats. But, of course, Democrats are likely to focus more on Trump as they try to persuade Republican and independent voters that they will fight his agenda.
They're emboldened by the fact that Republicans hold 23 districts in which Clinton defeated Trump in 2016, as well as historical trends that suggest the out-of-power party will pick up seats in a midterm election. And Democrats have won both dozens of competitive down-ballot campaigns in the last year and a few big races in recent months, including a Senate seat in Alabama and the governorships of Virginia and New Jersey.
They're excited about the possibility of a wave election that returns them to power in the House.
But Stivers said the race to look at is last June's special House election in the Atlanta suburbs, where Republican Karen Handel beat Democrat Jon Ossoff by about 3 percentage points. It was a close contest despite Republicans' dominance in the district for decades.
While some Democrats took that as a sign of a rising wave of enthusiasm for their candidates, Stivers says it shows just how tough it will be for them to recapture control of the House. He then listed several of the 23 Clinton districts represented now by House Republican incumbents that are based in suburban areas similar to those of Handel's district.
"It is the kind of district that the Democratic majority runs through," he said.
After the Georgia election, Rep. Kathleen Rice, D-N.Y., said Pelosi should step down in the interests of the party's chances in this year's midterm elections.
"Her time has come and gone," Rice said on MSNBC. "Do I think it's fair that the Republican playbook over the last four election cycles has been attacking Nancy Pelosi and demonizing her? No that's not fair. But guess what, it works. They're winning."
For the time being, however, the more-recent Democratic victories in special and off-year elections around the country appear to have quieted criticism of Pelosi from within her own caucus.
The challenge now for Republicans is to make enough noise about Pelosi to drown out Democrats' anti-Trump messaging. That could be a tall order.
Wesley Bryan's breakthrough victory at the RBC Heritage earned him spots in the 2017 PGA Championship and 2018 Masters. But his subsequent rise through the Official World Golf Rankings could supply him with two more major championship berths.
Bryan went from No. 73 to No. 37 in the world after edging Luke Donald at Harbour Town Golf Links, marking the first time the Augusta, Ga., resident has ever been inside the OWGR top 50. Should he remain in the top 60 by May 22 he'll automatically qualify for the U.S. Open at Erin Hills, while Bryan needs to stay inside the top 50 by May 29 to qualify for The Open this summer at Royal Birkdale.
It's an enticing incentive for Bryan, who has never played in a major before and who made his PGA Tour debut at the FedEx St. Jude Classic less than a year ago.
After another close call on Hilton Head Island, Donald moved up 27 spots to No. 69 in the latest rankings. Patrick Cantlay's T-3 finish moved him from No. 214 to No. 131, while Ollie Schniederjans jumped from No. 136 to No. 102 after matching Cantlay's result. William McGirt, who also finished T-3, went from No. 50 to No. 44.
The only change inside the top 10 this week came at No. 10, where Adam Scott eked past Justin Thomas by 0.021 points based on divisor math.
Dustin Johnson maintains more than a four-point lead over No. 2 Rory McIlroy, followed by Jason Day, Hideki Matsuyama and Jordan Spieth. Henrik Stenson remains at No. 6, followed by Sergio Garcia, Justin Rose, Rickie Fowler and Scott.
Still idle since aggravating a back injury in February, Tiger Woods fell eight more spots to No. 788 in the world.
The Toledo Police Investigative Unit are asking for the public's help in identifying and locating three people who were at the scene of a central Toledo shooting last month.
Police believe these three men were witnesses to the shooting death of Deasia Wallace that occurred on the 1800 block of Macomber.
Anyone with information should call Crime Stopper at 419-255-1111.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
HIGHLIGHTS + REPORT: Liverpool v Roma
Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino scored twice as the Premier League club recorded a 5-2 victory in the first leg of the semi-final at Anfield.
However, the win came at a cost for Liverpool, which conceded two late goals to give Roma a glimmer of hope ahead of the return fixture in the Italian capital.
Watch ROMA v LIVERPOOL LIVE ONLY on beIN SPORTS
Oxlade-Chamberlain was hurt while sliding in to tackle Aleksandar Kolarov in the 15th minute, with the former Arsenal player treated on the touchline before being carried away on a stretcher.
🚑 INJURY 🚑 It looks a really bad one for @Alex_OxChambo too, and he's not coming back. @LFC forced into a change 0-0 | Watch LIVE on beIN 1 and CONNECT ▶️ https://t.co/6hWUNMhv5b #UCL #LIVROM pic.twitter.com/FSf0at1maf — beIN SPORTS (@beINSPORTS_AUS) April 24, 2018
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp confirmed the initial verdict was not good, in worrying news for not just his club boss but also national team manager Gareth Southgate.
"Oxlade-Chamberlain's is probably a really bad injury," the German said.
"If you can say that before the scan, it's never good news. That's a massive blow for us.
"We have still a few very important games to go and the squad doesn't get any bigger at the moment. We need obviously to be creative in the next few games.
"We also need the crowd. The atmosphere tonight was brilliant but on Saturday it must be exactly the same. It cannot be a little bit less, because we really need the crowd."
[April 24, 2018] New Stable Operations TRACC holds potential to unlock 15 to 20 percent additional plant capacity
IRVINE, Calif., April 24, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Scaling and sustaining operational improvements just got easier thanks to Stable Operations TRACC. This new improvement solution stabilizes production processes, which creates free capacity enabling companies to accelerate production efficiencies and unlock new ways of delivering revenue. The Stable Operations TRACC is the result of a new product development partnership, which pairs Competitive Capabilities International (CCi), a global leader in innovative continuous improvement solutions, with R&G Global Consultants, operational excellence and supply chain management experts. Leveraging big data, the Stable Operations TRACC delivers new insights and provides a faster way to scale predictable, reliable and stable manufacturing operations. "We are excited about the benefits that this partnership will bring to our clients, who can now create a 15 to 20 percent increase in capacity within six months of implementing the Stable Operations TRACC," says Glenn Leask, Chief Executive Officer of CCi. Cargill, one of the world's premier food, agriculture, nutrition and risk management companies and the first client to deploy the Stable Operations TRACC, played a significant role in facilitating the partnership between CCi and R&G Global Consultants. "The combined strengths of this partnership enable us to provide innovative solutions to industry challenges across the value chain. This brings us another step closer to offering clients one integrated solution for unified, continuous improvement," says Leask. Stable Operations TRACC uses a data-driven approach to address industry challenges, such as high capacity utilization, supply chain service delivery issues and CAPEX avoidance. Through data analytics and the TRACC methodology, organizations are able to scale improvements across multiple sites and operations. Additionally, blended learning modules support training needs to ensure a sustained approach to the improvement journey. "We are pleased to partner with CCi to bring a stronger version of the Stable Ops product to our clients and to the market," said Aart Willem de Wolf, Managing Partner at R&G Global Consultants. "Through Stable Operations TRACC, Stable Ops is now available as a fully integrated TRACC product providing our clients with a clear roadmap, including stages of maturity, to realize structural productivity. This partnership will also further strengthen the implementation support we can offer to our global client base." About Competitive Capabilities International (CCi)
Established in 1987, CCi is a privately held, global company that enables organizations to deliver sustainable results across the supply chain through a continuous improvement solution called TRACC. With its core experience residing in manufacturing and supply chain best practices, CCi's goal is to "unlock greatness" in organizational capability through proven experience in World Class Manufacturing (WCM), Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), Six Sigma, Lean and Supply Chain Optimization. Learn more: TRACC
R&G Global Consultants
CCi Contact: Agency Contact: Robyn Mace Emily Zarecki Marketing Manager Vice President, Account Management Competitive Capabilities International RP Marketing rmace@ccint.net ezarecki@r-p.com
R&G Global contact:
Jacqueline Westmaas
Marketing and Sales
R&G Global Consultants
Jacqueline.westmaas@rnggc.com
View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-stable-operations-tracc-holds-potential-to-unlock-15-to-20-percent-additional-plant-capacity-300635394.html SOURCE Competitive Capabilities International (CCi)
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is proclaiming Monday as Columbus Day — without any of his predecessor's qualms.
The president's proclamation Friday directs the U.S. to celebrate his discovery of the Americas, noting “the permanent arrival of Europeans … was a transformative event that undeniably and fundamentally changed the course of human history and set the stage for the development of our great Nation.”
Trump's proclamation only praises Columbus, Spain and the explorer's native Italy.
It contrasts with President Barack Obama's document almost exactly a year earlier. Obama's proclamation acknowledged Columbus' spirit of exploration. But he said the nation should “also acknowledge the pain and suffering reflected in the stories of Native Americans who had long resided on this land prior to the arrival of European newcomers.”
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (AP) – Ira Gerhart finally found a place last year to fulfill his yearslong dream of opening a brewery: a 1923 Presbyterian church in Youngstown. It was cheap, charming and just blocks from downtown Youngstown.
But soon after Gerhart announced his plans, residents and a minister at a Baptist church just a block away complained about alcohol being served in the former house of worship.
“I get it, you know, just the idea of putting a bar in God's house,” Gerhart said. “If we didn't choose to do this, most likely, it'd fall down or get torn down. I told them we're not going to be a rowdy college bar.”
With stained glass, brick walls and large sanctuaries ideal for holding vats and lots of drinkers, churches renovated into breweries attract beer lovers but can grate on the spiritual sensibilities of clergy and worshippers.
At least 10 new breweries have opened in old churches across the country since 2011, and at least four more are slated to open in the next year. The trend started after the 2007 recession as churches merged or closed because of dwindling membership. Sex abuse settlements by the Roman Catholic Church starting in the mid-2000s were not a factor because those payments were largely covered by insurers, according to Terrence Donilon, spokesman for the archdiocese of Boston.
Gerhart's is scheduled to open this month after winning over skeptics like the Baptist minister and obtaining a liquor license.
“We don't want (churches) to become a liquor store,” said Michael Schafer, spokesman for the Archdiocese of Cincinnati, which has imposed restrictions on turning closed churches into beer halls. “We don't think that's appropriate for a house of worship.”
At the Church Brew Works in Pittsburgh, an early church-turned-brewery that opened in 1996, patrons slide into booths crafted from pews. Towering steel and copper vats sit on the church's former altar. Yellow flags line the sanctuary emblazoned with the brewery's motto: “ON THE EIGHTH DAY. MAN CREATED BEER.”
Owner Sean Casey bought the former church because it was cheap and reminded him of beer halls he used to frequent in Munich. Aficionados cite its rustic decor as a major draw.
“It's got that ‘wow' factor,” said Jesse Anderson-Lehnan, 27. “But it still feels like a normal place, it doesn't feel weird to come and sit at the bar and talk for a few hours.”
When St. John the Baptist Church was desanctified and sold to Casey, Roman Catholics in the diocese voiced their opposition, leading to the deed restrictions to stop other closed churches from becoming bars and clubs.
While the Diocese of Cincinnati also has imposed such restrictions, it's unclear how much company it and Youngstown have. Limits also exist in the Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown, Pennsylvania, while the Boston archdiocese says it solicits proposals from potential buyers and screens them to make sure they're in line with Catholic values.
Churches are uniquely difficult to renovate, preservationists say. Large stained windows and cavernous sanctuaries are tough to partition into condominiums. Historic landmark protections can bar new owners from knocking down some churches, leading them to sit empty and decay.
But the same vaulted ceilings that keep housing developers away from churches also lend them an old-world air hard to replicate elsewhere, making former houses of worship particularly suitable as dignified beer halls.
There, even clergy members sometimes aren't so opposed to quaffing a pint. Some are regulars at the Church Brew Works, Casey said, where they can order Pipe Organ pale ale or Pious Monk dark lager.
Cincinnati's Taft's Ale House kicked off its grand opening in the 167-year-old St. Paul's Evangelical Protestant Church with a “blessing of the beers.” A television report at the time shows the Rev. John Kroeger, a Catholic priest, giving the blessing.
“God of all creation, you gift us with friends, and food and drink,” he said, eyes cast upward. “Bless these kegs, and every keg that will be brewed here. Bless all those freshened here, and all those gathered in the days, and months, and years to come!”
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
The Islamic State said in a statement on Monday that it was responsible for a New Year's shooting spree at an Istanbul nightclub that left 39 people dead and nearly 70 wounded, while authorities were still searching for the gunman.
The terror group said through its Aamaq News Agency that the attack was carried out by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
Turkish authorities believe that the gunman came from a Central Asian nation and is likely to either be from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan, Turkish media reported citing unnamed sources.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same ISIS cell could have carried out both attacks, the papers reported.
The unidentified gunman, who is still at large, killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at about 600 revelers partying inside with an automatic rifle.
“Unfortunately, (he) rained bullets in a very cruel and merciless way on innocent people who were there to celebrate New Year's and have fun,” Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin told reporters.
Nearly two-thirds of the victims were foreigners, many from the Middle East, according to Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency. The report said the bodies of 25 foreign nationals killed in the attack would be delivered to their families later Monday.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vehemently condemned “the terror attack in Istanbul's Ortakoy neighborhood in the first hours of 2017” and offered condolences for those who lost their lives, including the “foreign guests.”
Among the dead were an 18-year-old Israeli woman, three Indians, three Lebanese, a woman with dual French-Tunisian citizenship and her Tunisian husband, two Jordanians, a Belgian national, a Kuwaiti citizen and a Canadian, according to those countries' governments and a diplomat. Jordan's Foreign Ministry earlier said three of its citizens had been killed, but revised that, saying there was confusion over the nationality of one victim.
A U.S. State Department official, who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said one American man was among those wounded. Turkey's minister for family and social policies, Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya, said citizens of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon and Libya were among those injured.
NTV news reported that the assailant was wearing a Santa Claus outfit when he entered the nightclub on the shore of Bosporus straight, on the European side of the city – a claim Prime Miniser Binali Yidirim denied.
Sickening video from the scene shows what appeared to be a man dressed in black and carrying a backpack as he shoots down a police officer outside the nightclub. Footage taken by a different camera inside Reina shows a figure wearing different clothes and what could be a Santa Claus hat.
Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
Mehmet Dag, 22, said he was passing by the club when he saw a man shoot at a police officer and a bystander. He said the attacker then targeted security guards, gunning them down and entering the club.
“Once he went in, we don't know what happened. There were gun sounds, and after two minutes the sound of an explosion,” Dag said.
Turkish media said the local victims included a 22-year-old police officer and a 47-year-old travel agent, both of whom were shot outside the club.
One was given a funeral Sunday in Istanbul, where his two sons joined the mourners gathered around the flag-draped casket, the private Dogan news agency reported.
Ayhan Arik, a tourism company employee who had taken foreign guests to the nightclub, was shot in the head, the news agency said.
On Sunday, heavily armed police blocked the snowy street in front of the nightclub. The entrance was covered with blue plastic sheeting below a Turkish flag. Police also patrolled the Asian side of the Bosporus on the other side of the club.
Crime scene investigators were seen inside the nightclub searching through mingled piles of chairs, tables and pieces of clothing left behind during the panic among the guests.
There were emotional scenes in front of a city morgue where the dead were taken for identification. Some relatives cried out and fell to the ground as they apparently learned the fate of their loved ones.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In December, ISIS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
The nightclub attack drew quick condemnation from the West and Russia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin sent a telegram to Turkey's leader, saying that “it is hard to imagine a more cynical crime than killing innocent people during New Year celebrations.”
“However, terrorists don't share moral values. Our common duty is to combat terrorists' aggression,” Putin said.
The White House condemned what it called a “horrific terrorist attack” and offered U.S. help to Turkey. The U.N. Security Council condemned the “heinous and barbaric” assault in the “strongest terms.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Commuters stranded on Mai Mahiu-Narok road after it was cut-off yet again – The Standard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recent global automotive connected car platform market report. This research report also lists 10 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period.
In terms of revenue, the global automotive connected car platform market will reach USD 8.47 billion by 2021, growing at a CAGR of almost 11%. The connected car technology is a vital development in the automotive industry, and the rising demand for connectivity solutions is allowing the connected car adoption to increase significantly compared to the growth of the passenger car segment. For instance, the connected car market is expected to grow about 10 times faster in terms of CAGR than the overall passenger car market during the forecast period.
Competitive vendor landscape
The global automotive connected car platform market has the presence of many vendors, and the market is witnessing the introduction of new players, owing to the rising demand for connected car technologies across the world. Hence, the competition among the players is expected to intensify further during the forecast period.
"The increasing integration of smartphones with vehicles to enhance the in-vehicle experience of both the passengers and the driver is expected to push the demand for in-vehicle infotainment and telematics systems," says Neelam Barua, a lead automotive electronics research analyst from Technavio.
Regulations for emergency response systems like eCall are expected to fuel the demand for the automotive connected car platform during the forecast period. For instance, Cisco Jasper is gaining prominence in the automotive connected car platform market as Cisco is expanding aggressively to collaborate with OEMs for the adoption of the connected car platform.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing
Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free.
Top five automotive connected car platform market vendors
Cisco Jasper
Cisco Jasper is a global Internet of Things (IoT) platform provider and is formed after Cisco acquired Jasper Technologies in 2016 for USD 1.4 billion. Now, Cisco Jasper is an IoT cloud business unit within Cisco. The platform is designed by the company to help companies deploy IoT worldwide.
AT&T
AT&T is a multinational telecommunications conglomerate based in Texas, US. Currently, it is the 12th largest company in the world as per revenue and the largest telecommunications company in the world in terms of revenue.
Microsoft
Microsoft develops, licenses, and supports software products and services and designs and sells hardware worldwide. Its Windows and Windows Live division provides PC OSs that comprise Windows 8 OS, Windows Live suite of applications and Web services, and PC hardware products.
Airbiquity
Airbiquity is a software product company that is into the development of telematics and other solutions for the automotive industry. Its product portfolio includes software and data management, service management, safety and security, intelligent vehicle solutions, electric vehicle solutions, and fleet management solutions.
Bright Box
Bright Box is the global software and hardware vendor that is specialized in the development of connected car products based on the cutting-edge technologies of Microsoft, Apple, and Google. Its main customers in automotive OEMs include KIA, Hyundai, Nissan, Infiniti, Honda, and Toyota. It offers three solutions: the telematic platform, mobile solutions, and big data services.
Browse Related Reports:
Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they're published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like auto accessories, automotive manufacturing, and powertrain. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio's constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently.
About Technavio
Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies.
Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com.
$page_length='long'; ?>
Samsung is starting off the new year with a bang, namely with several new phone releases. This time it's the mid-range Galaxy A 2017 series, with the A3, the A5, and the A7. All three phones seem reasonably similar, using aluminum construction and glass backs, with features such as fingerprint scanners, IP68 water resistance, Micro SD card slots, and Samsung Pay present.
The A7 is the most premium of the devices, with a 5.7 FHD AMOLED display (1080x1920), an undefined 1.9GHz octa-core processor, 3GB RAM, and a 16 megapixel camera. On the other end of the scale, the A3 has a 4.7 HD display (1280x720), a 1.6GHz display, 2GB RAM, and a 13MP camera. The A5, meanwhile, is somewhere in the middle of these, with a 5.2 FHD display and a 1.9GHz octa-core processor, although it isn't clear if that's the same as the A7's. The RAM and the camera are also the same as on the A7, at 3GB and 16MP respectively. Finally, all three phones hold IP68 certification, meaning they are water and dust resistant. The full set of specifications for each phone is below.
GALAXY A7 Network: LTE Cat.6 * May differ by markets and mobile operators
Display: 5.7” FHD Super AMOLED
AP: 1.9GHz Octa Core
OS: Android 6.0.16 (Marshmallow)
Camera: Rear : 16MP (F1.9), Front : 16MP (F1.9)
Video: MPEG4, H.265(HEVC), H.264(AVC), H.263, VC-1, MP43, WMV7, WMV8, VP8, VP9
Audio: MP3, AAC LC/AAC+/eAAC+,AMR-NB, AMR-WB, WMA, FLAC, Vorbis, Opus
Additional features: MST technology(Samsung Pay), Samsung KNOX, S-Voice, Dual SIM option
* Samsung Pay launches may vary by market-readiness
Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth® v 4.2, ANT+, USB Type-C,NFC (UICC, eSE)
Sensor: Accelerometer, Proximity, Geomagnetic, RGB Light, Hall Fingerprint scanner, Barometer
IP Code: IP68
Memory: 3GB RAM + 32GB Storage, Micro SD slot (up to 256GB)
Dimension: 156.8 x 77.6 x 7.9mm
Battery: 3,600mAh, Fast Charging
GALAXY A5 Network: LTE Cat.6 * May differ by markets and mobile operators
Display: 5.2” FHD Super AMOLED
AP: 1.9GHz Octa Core
OS: Android 6.0.16 (Marshmallow)
Camera: Rear : 16MP (F1.9), Front : 16MP (F1.9)
Video: MPEG4, H.265(HEVC), H.264(AVC), H.263, VC-1, MP43, WMV7, WMV8, VP8, VP9
Audio: MP3, AAC LC/AAC+/eAAC+,AMR-NB, AMR-WB, WMA, FLAC, Vorbis, Opus
Additional features: MST technology(Samsung Pay), Samsung KNOX, S-Voice, Dual SIM option
* Samsung Pay launches may vary by market-readiness
Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth® v 4.2, ANT+, USB Type-C, NFC (UICC, eSE)
Sensor: Accelerometer, Proximity, Geomagnetic, RGB Light, Hall Fingerprint scanner, Barometer
IP Code: IP68
Memory: 3GB RAM + 32GB Storage, Micro SD slot (up to 256GB)
Dimension: 146.1 x 71.4 x 7.9mm
Battery: 3,000mAh, Fast Charging
GALAXY A3 Network: LTE Cat.6 * May differ by markets and mobile operators
Display: 4.7” HD Super AMOLED
AP: 1.6GHz Octa Core
OS: Android 6.0.16 (Marshmallow)
Camera: Rear : 13MP (F1.9), Front : 8MP (F1.9)
Video: MPEG4, H.265(HEVC), H.264(AVC), H.263, VC-1, MP43, WMV7, WMV8, VP8, VP9
Audio: MP3, AAC LC/AAC+/eAAC+,AMR-NB, AMR-WB, WMA, FLAC, Vorbis, Opus
Additional features: MST technology(Samsung Pay), Samsung KNOX, S-Voice, Dual SIM option
* Samsung Pay launches may vary by market-readiness
Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth® v 4.2, ANT+, USB Type-C, NFC (UICC)
Sensor: Accelerometer, Proximity, Geomagnetic, RGB Light, Hall, Fingerprint Scanner, Barometer
IP Code: IP68
Memory: 2GB RAM + 16GB Storage, Micro SD slot (up to 256GB)
Dimension: 135.4 x 66.2 x 7.9mm
Battery: 2,350mAh
While it's great to see a relatively low-end phone such as the A3 with features such as a fingerprint scanner and Samsung Pay, maybe the best thing about the new Galaxy A series is the inclusion of water resistance. This should make the series even more attractive for those looking for a mid-range, not too expensive phone with all the features of a flagship. The phones, in colors Black Sky, Gold Sand, Blue Mist, and Peach Cloud, will be available in Russia in early January and then expanded to global markets.
Follow Us: by
AUSTIN – The Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS) is beginning enforcement efforts across the state focusing specifically on violations of the state's Move Over/Slow Down law. These periodic enforcement operations by DPS Troopers are planned throughout the year at various locations in Texas, with several operations planned in February.
The law, originally passed in 2003, requires motorists to move over or slow down when certain vehicles – including police, fire, EMS, Texas Department of Transportation vehicles and tow trucks – are stopped on the side of the road with emergency lights activated.
“Our Highway Patrol Troopers and other officers risk their lives every day for the people of Texas, and their safety is particularly vulnerable while working on the side of the road, where the slightest mistake by a passing motorist can end in tragedy,” said DPS Director Steven McCraw. “While our officers are serving and protecting Texans, we're asking drivers to do their part by adhering to the law – simply move over or slow down.”
Specifically, Texas law states that a driver must either:
Vacate the lane closest to the applicable vehicles stopped on the side of the road (if the road has multiple lanes traveling in the same direction ) , or
, Slow down 20 mph below the speed limit. (If the speed limit is below 25 mph, the driver must slow down to 5 mph.)
Drivers should only move over if they can do so safely and legally; otherwise, they should slow down.
“In light of the numerous vehicle crashes that occur in Texas and across the nation on a daily basis, and the unfortunate fact the many still violate the state law that has been in effect for nearly 15 years, we are increasing our enforcement and education efforts related to this law,” said Director McCraw. “In addition to complying with the law to protect those who work on the side of the road, we encourage motorists to show the same courtesy to fellow drivers stopped along our roadways. Let's all get home safely.”
Violations of the law can result in a fine of up to $200; the fine increases to $500 if there is property damage. If violators cause bodily injury, they can be charged with a Class B misdemeanor, resulting in possible jail time and a maximum fine of $2,000.
Preliminary data from 2017 shows that DPS issued more than 10,650 warnings and citations to motorists violating the Move Over/Slow Down law.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - The Latest on a shooting in San Francisco (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
A San Francisco police department official has identified the gunman who opened fire at a UPS warehouse in the city as Jimmy Lam.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation into the shooting is ongoing.
The official said Lam is from San Francisco, but had no immediate details on his background. The official noted the name is a common one in the San Francisco Bay Area, so finding information about the correct Jimmy Lam required significant record searches.
Police say the gunman shot and killed three people and wounded two others before taking his own life.
___
4:45 p.m.
Family members have identified one of the victims of a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse as 46-year-old Mike Lefiti, a UPS driver.
Lefiti's cousin, Bob Toia, told the San Francisco Chronicle that Lefiti was devoted to his wife, family and kids.
Isaiah Miggins, a co-worker of Lefiti's at UPS, said Lefiti was a big man, but humble and always happy.
By late afternoon, friends had set up a memorial to Lefiti with flowers and balloons at a local supermarket near the UPS warehouse.
Police say a gunman opened fire at the UPS facility Wednesday morning, killing three people and wounding two others before taking his own life.
___
3:50 p.m.
San Francisco authorities say they're interviewing the families of victims and witnesses to piece together what led a gunman to open fire in a UPS warehouse.
Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters Wednesday that authorities found two victims outside and others inside, calling it a "frightful scene."
He says officers didn't fire at the gunman, but that he shot himself when they confronted him.
Chaplin says authorities won't release the names of the three who were killed and the gunman who took his own life until the medical examiner confirms their identities and families are notified.
He says police won't know more information about weapon until they test-fire it.
___
3:35 p.m.
A San Francisco woman said she was riding a bus to work when she saw a group of workers streaming out of a UPS facility where an employee opened fire.
Jessica Franklin said the workers started banging on the bus when it made a stop Wednesday. She said they ducked as they boarded and told the driver to "go, go, go." And the driver did.
Franklin says the workers were screaming and crying and others were calling family members to tell them they were safe. She described the scene as chaotic.
The bus driver then stopped to let the workers out.
Authorities and UPS officials say the shooter killed three co-workers and wounded two others. He then fatally shot himself when police approached.
___
12:30 p.m.
A UPS driver said a gunman opened fire as drivers and managers were assembling for a morning meeting in San Francisco and that he saw a co-worker get shot.
Marvin Calderon told San Francisco Bay Area news station KNTV that he heard five to six gunshots and that he recognized the gunman as a fellow employee, but he did not know him personally.
Calderon said he saw someone get shot in the head and he said he believed all the victims were drivers.
He said he ran away as fast as he could.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin said four people are dead, including the gunman, who shot himself when confronted by police.
___
11:55 a.m.
Authorities say the shooter who opened fire at a San Francisco UPS warehouse was armed with an assault pistol when police found him.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters that officers found wounded victims and brought them to safety Wednesday. When they found the gunman, he put the weapon to his head and shot himself.
Three people were killed as well as the shooter. Two others were wounded.
___
11:40 a.m.
Authorities say a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin says at a news conference that two others were wounded Wednesday. He says that the shooter shot himself, and police have not determined a motive.
___
This item has been corrected to show that Toney Chaplin is San Francisco assistant police chief.
___
11:10 a.m.
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says he heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running.
Raymond Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, said he looked out his apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting.
He says another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive.
Deng says he "saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings."
___
10:45 a.m.
A witness says he heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter" after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says he brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday. He reopened after he saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building, which is about a block from his shop.
A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Steve Gaut says he believes the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured.
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses.
___
10:20 a.m.
A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said Wednesday that he believed the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
He said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
___
10:05 a.m.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
Brent Andrew, spokesman for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims, but he did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
___
9:55 a.m.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in Potrero Hill, which is about 2.5 miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following his untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives he had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
Zach Werenski takes a puck to the face in the second period of the Blue Jackets' loss to the Penguins in Game 3.
More FOX Sports Ohio Videos Jensen says Indians pitching staff needs to find ways to get out of innings Arroyo: ‘It was a victory just get to get out there' Price after Arroyo's start: ‘I anticipate he'll be more crisp next time out' Welsh: Arroyo working on shaking the rust off Seth Jones was pleased with Blue Jackets rookie Gabriel Carlsson enjoyed his NHL debut More FOX Sports Ohio Videos
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – A 15-month-old stopped breathing and went into cardiac arrest after swimming in Warren Wednesday evening, according to dispatch reports. Now police are asking why.
Officers arrived at the home in the 200 block of Homewood Avenue SE about 6:30 p.m.
According to a report from Trumbull County 911, police were told the little girl was found in the pool, not breathing. She was taken to Trumbull Memorial Hospital's emergency room but her condition is not known.
Police were asked to get a sample of the pool water and treat it as a crime scene, according to dispatch.
The report said a woman at the scene was taken in for questioning.
Isaiah Wynn is the favorite to be Georgia's starting left tackle in 2017. Steven Colquitt Georgia Sports Communication
FRANKFORT, KY (WAVE) - A new tool in Kentucky's fight against the opioid epidemic launched on Friday.
The website, FindHelpNowKY.com, connects Kentuckians looking for help with opioid use (for themselves or for family members) with local substance use disorder (SUD) treatment centers across the state.
The real-time search engine on Find Help Now finds SUD resources based on location, which centers have openings for patients and which center best fits a patients needs.
In a statement, Governor Bevin said:
“Kentucky is stepping up, ready to lead the nation as we address the opioid problem that plagues so many. We must all work together to solve this crisis.”
The Find Help Now resource is being promoted with Governor Bevin's Don't Let Them Die campaign. Don't Let Them Die raises awareness on the opioid crisis among high school students.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Kentucky attorney general sues national opioid distributor
+ Attorney general talks opioid scourge during Kentucky visit
+ City of Louisville sues opioid distributors for hundreds of millions of dollars
+ Tilley speaks to U.S. Senate Committee on opioid crisis
Gov. Bevin also announced a contest for Kentucky high school students on Friday. The contest will help kick off both awareness campaigns.
The Don't Let Them Die High School PSA Challenge calls on students to create a public awareness marketing campaign for FindHelpNowKY.gov.
Students participating in the contest should use multiple media outlets - like broadcast TV, radio, and digital media - to maximize the advertising campaign's exposure, the Governor's Office advised.
Winners of the contest will receive cash prizes, funded by a grant to the Kentucky Injury Prevention and Research Center from the Centers for Disease Control.
The cash prizes range from $7,500 to $1,800. The top five scoring schools will recieve $5,000 each.
More information regarding the contest, including complete rules and guidelines, can be found at http://www.dontletthemdie.com/High-School-Challenge.aspx.
Visit www.FindHelpNowKY.org and www.DontLetThemDie.com for more information.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Thousands of job-seekers across America lined up outside Amazon's gigantic warehouses Wednesday hoping to get hired as part of the retail giant's first national "Jobs Day."
The jobs fair, which aims to hire 50,000 workers within a four-hour time frame at 12 fulfillment center locations ranging from Washington State to Tennessee, is part of Amazon's pledge to hire 130,000 workers by 2018.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Amazon job fair is expected to attract thousands across the country 2:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In Robbinsville, New Jersey, Morgan Devries, 21, told NBC News she used to work in retail but is now applying for work at Amazon because the industry doesn't pay well enough.
"I work at the airport and they are paying people $12 and under [per hour]," Clarence Williams told NBC News. "People cannot live on that type of wage! If you look at the long line, no one here is making good money."
Though Amazon and other retailers traditionally make a summer hiring push in order to ramp up for the busy holiday shopping season, the scale of the hiring is in stark contrast to the brick-and-mortar retail Armageddon — thousands of store closings that the over-built retail industry has blamed on Amazon's ability to get shoppers to buy from home online.
"Amazon just continues to grow, and it's hard to predict what that means for the future of retail," Business Insider Your Money editor Lauren Lyons Cole told NBC News.
"As it is right now, small businesses — even large businesses — are having a very hard time competing and keeping up with Amazon."
Job seekers line up to apply during "Amazon Jobs Day" at the Amazon.com Fulfillment Center in Fall River, Massachusetts on August 2, 2017. Brian Snyder / Reuters
The company says it offers competitive pay and benefits for full-time workers as well as part-time workers after they've been employed 90 days. Wages for the advertised positions range from $11.50 an hour in Tennessee to $13.75 an hour near Amazon's Seattle headquarters.
Growth in online warehouse jobs have transformed some sleepy local economies into "fulfillment towns," boosting population, raising wages, and increasing sales tax revenue.
Amazon employees work at the Amazon Fulfillment Center on August 2, 2017 in Robbinsville, New Jersey. Mark Makela / Getty Images
Amazon asks prospective employees to bring photo ID and refrain from wearing dangly clothing, keep hair and beards tidy, and to wear close-toe shoes.
If you can't make it to one of the fairs, don't worry. You don't have to visit a "brick-and-mortar" hiring location in order to help kill brick-and-mortar retail. Amazon also lets you apply online.
THIS WEEKU.N.I.T.Y. Group Services, Inc.'s Clothing Closet: People in need of free clothing can make an appointment on Tuesdays and Sundays for U.N.I.T.Y. Group Services, Inc.'s Clothing Closet, 7 E. Silver Springs Blvd., Suite 102, Ocala. Call (800) 910-3574 or email unitygroupservices@gmail.com. Donations welcome; may qualify for tax credit.Food drive: Through August, Kindred Hospice Ocala, 1320 SE 25th Loop, [...]
Why are dealers still selling cars with unrepaired — and potentially fatal — safety recalls?
Consumer advocates are outraged by the Federal Trade Commission's decisions in several recent cases that allow car dealers to advertise used vehicles with open recalls as safe.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Takata Was Manipulating Data to Hide Airbag Problems, Lawmakers Say 2:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Last year, the FTC reached legal agreements with General Motors and two car dealers who had advertised how rigorously they inspected their cars, but failed to disclose that some of those "certified" or "inspected" vehicles were subject to unrepaired safety recalls.
According to the complaint, some of those open recalls could cause serious injury from issues such as faulty ignition switches and airbags, problems with the power steering and braking, and alternator problems that could result in a fire.
As part of the settlement, the commission decided the dealers could claim used vehicles with unfixed recalls are "safe" or have been subject to "a rigorous inspection," as long as they disclosed that those recall repairs were not made. GM and the car dealers did not admit any wrongdoing.
Last week, the Center for Auto Safety, Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety, and the U.S. Public Interest Research Group sued the FTC, asking a federal court to review and overturn these consent agreements.
It's Not 'Safe' If It Is Potentially Lethal
"It's a dangerous and irresponsible abuse of the commission's authority," said Rosemary Shahan, president of Consumers for Auto reliability and Safety (CARS). "Instead of protecting consumers, the FTC is allowing false and deceptive advertising. A vehicle cannot be safe when it has a potentially lethal safety defect that hasn't been fixed."
Related: One in Every 6 Cars on the Road Is Recalled But Not Fixed
Michael Brooks, acting director of the Center for Auto Safety, told NBC News that disclosure is not sufficient because it's a contradiction in terms to call a vehicle "certified" or advertise that it's been "inspected for safety" when a recall has not been fixed.
"Even if there is a 100 percent certainty that an unrepaired safety recall defect will immediately kill anyone who buys a so-called 'certified' car and their family, the FTC would allow car dealers to advertise that car as 'safe' and 'repaired for safety,'" Brooks said. "Clearly the Court should intervene and force the FTC to reverse itself."
Deidre Cummings, legislative director for the Massachusetts Public Interest Research Group, warned the FTC's decision becomes the new industry standard that will jeopardize the safety of consumers across the country.
"The Federal Trade Commission is supposed to crack down on false and misleading advertising, but instead they are encouraging it," Cummings said. "They should have protected consumers, but chose to protect reckless car dealers."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed 85M More U.S. Vehicles May Face Takata Airbag Recall 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The FTC declined to comment because of the pending litigation, but last year when these cases were settled, Jessica Rich, director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection, noted that safety is one of the biggest considerations for consumers shopping for a car. "Companies touting the comprehensiveness of their vehicle inspections need to be straight with consumers about safety-related recalls, which can raise major safety concerns," Rich said in her statement.
The National Auto Dealers Association also declined to comment on the lawsuit, but Jared Allen, senior director of media relations, did note that the FTC consent orders deal with advertising issues, not sales practices.
How the Industry Sees This Issue
Buyers who want a trouble-free used car or truck have come to rely on the certified pre-owned (CPO) sticker that indicates a vehicle has passed a rigorous mechanical inspection. These vehicles are assumed to be the cream of the crop. But as a result of the FTC decision, buyers can no longer assume CPO means recall-free.
Most major automakers don't let their dealers sell a vehicle advertised as certified pre-owned, if it has an open recall. Consumer advocates worry that based on the FTC decision in the GM case, manufacturers will start to loosen up their policies.
Related: Millions of Recalled Cars Roam the Road, Risking Passengers' Lives
GM still prohibits vehicles with an open recall to be part of the GM pre-owned certified program. But Ford recently modified its policy, citing problems caused by the massive Takata airbag recall.
As reported in the New York Times, Ford told its dealers a few weeks ago that they can now advertise a vehicle with an open recall as certified, if they don't use the word "safe" in the ad, have buyers sign a document to indicate they know about the safety hazard and contact the buyers when the replacement parts arrive.
"The safety of our customers is our top priority," Sara Tatchio with Ford communications told NBC News. "Our dealers must complete all recalls when parts are available. In the extremely rare instance when parts are not available, our policy is that dealers must clearly disclose the situation including printing the open recall information and handing it to the prospective customer. As soon as parts are available, the dealer will then prioritize completing the open recall."
The CarMax Case
In January, CarMax, the country's largest used car company, and two other dealers agreed to settle charges brought by the FTC that they, too, touted inspections while failing to tell customers that some of those cars had unrepaired safety recalls.
CarMax and these auto dealers did not admit doing anything wrong. And as in the GM case, they were allowed to advertise a vehicle with an open recall as "safe" as long as they make proper disclosures.
Catherine Gryp, CarMax public relations manager, told NBC News their dealers can't close an open recall — even if they make a fix during reconditioning — because they don't have manufacturer-authorized repair facilities. So, she said, their goal is transparency: They notify potential customers about every vehicle's recall status on their website and at the store.
"Buyers sign an acknowledgement that they know the recall status of that vehicle — what it is and if a remedy is available," Gryp said. "The customer is in the best position to have recall repairs fixed directly with the dealer."
One Dealer Draws the Line
At the Earl Stewart Toyota dealership in Lake Park, Florida, they won't sell a used vehicle with unrepaired recalls. Owner Earl Stewart, 76, instituted the policy in June.
He currently has about 100 vehicles parked on a storage lot. Most of them need replacement Takata airbags. The dealership does take trade-ins that have unrepaired recalls. If he didn't do that, he'd lose too much business.
Related: My Car's Been Recalled: Now What?
"It's getting pretty expensive. I can't continue to inventory these cars indefinitely," Stewart said. "At some point, financially it'll be too much for me to deal with, so I don't know what I'm going to do then."
Why not sell these cars and simply have the buyers sign a waiver form, as so many other dealers are doing?
"It's too dangerous to rely on your salesperson to make a complete disclosure. And even then, I wouldn't drive one of these cars," Stewart told NBC News. "Even if a person bought the car and signed the waiver form, I just think it's an immoral thing to do. If I know the car can kill them and the customer says that they understand that, but they want to buy the car anyway — I would still feel bad if something happened to that person. It's just a moral decision, not a legal one."
How to Protect Yourself When You Buy a Used Vehicle
Before you buy any used vehicle, go to the government website SaferCar.gov to see if that particular car or truck is subject to a recall and if that recall work has been done.
Many people use CarFax to check on a vehicle. Some dealers even provide this report for free. Remember: CarFax does not pick up everything that happens to that vehicle. For example, some accidents are never reported.
It's also a good idea to ask the salesperson about any recalls. If you're told a recall has been repaired, ask for proof.
The smart move is to have any used vehicle you're interested in buying inspected by a qualified, independent mechanic before you sign the contract to buy it.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Georgia defensive lineman Jonathan Ledbetter goes through a drill with position coach Tray Scott. John Paul Van Wert Georgia Sports Communications
By DENNIS WASZAK Jr.AP Sports Writer
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) - The New York Jets' social media department posted a graphic on Twitter on Friday of a sad-looking dog that resembles the Cleveland Browns' logo wearing a cone around its neck - along with a Jets collar tag.
It also showed four dog biscuits - two of them broken - on the ground. The tweet included the word, "Sit" followed by #NYJvsCLE.
It was deleted about an hour after being posted. Someone might be in the doghouse because of it.
The message didn't exactly fit what coach Todd Bowles and his players have been saying all week - the 2-2 squad is "not good enough to look past anybody."
The tweet received over 300 retweets and 600 likes before it was taken down.
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A mother accused of murdering her newborn daughter suffered an "acute stress reaction" after giving birth, a psychiatrist has told a jury.
Mental healthcare boss Rachel Tunstill, 26, accepts she stabbed Mia Kelly to death with a pair of scissors in the bathroom of her home in Burnley, Lancashire, but says she has no memory of doing so.
She then placed the lifeless body of her daughter into carrier bags and put them in the kitchen bin.
Consultant forensic psychiatrist Dr Fareed Bashir told Preston Crown Court he thought Tunstill's balance of mind was disturbed in the period following the birth of her child and added: "I believed and believe that Rachel Tunstill was suffering an acute stress reaction."
He said the reaction came against a background of mental disorder, including depression and her condition of Asperger's syndrome which she had been diagnosed with as a child 16 years ago.
Dr Bashir, acting for the defence, said he could not establish exactly what was going through Tunstill's mind when she picked up the scissors on the evening of January 14 this year.
But he said: "Giving birth to a child in a bathroom, in a toilet, was extremely stressful.
"Her brain should have told her that 'this is a child and I should care for the child' but because she had Asperger's and other disorders, her emotions would not have fitted with what her brain had told her.
"There would have been a clash of confusion in her mind as to what to do. That may be an explanation."
He said in his opinion Tunstill's Asperger's was "severe" because her emotional disconnect was so apparent.
The court heard the defendant had "a significant" family history of mental illness and had self-harmed from the age of 11. She was diagnosed with Asperger's in 2001 after she had difficulties in socially interacting with her peers.
Giving evidence on Wednesday, Tunstill - who has a degree in psychology and a masters in forensic psychology - said she began to hear voices in the latter part of 2016 and was "terrified" that people were trying to kill her.
Upon examining Tunstill since her arrest, Dr Bashir said his observations were that Tunstill had suffered auditory hallucinations and paranoid persecutive beliefs in the months leading up to her arrest.
He said Tunstill had told him at the time of the birth that "emotionally her head was all over the place", she had been in excruciating pain and was "acting on autopilot".
Tunstill claims she was unaware her pregnancy was virtually full-term and thought she was having a miscarriage at the flat in Wellington Court she shared with her partner, forklift driver Ryan Kelly, 31.
Tunstill, a deputy care manager at a local residential home for people with mental health issues, denies murder.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige talks about his job like a fan who's just lucky to be there.
To hear his genuine enthusiasm about the movies, the actors, the audience and the stories almost belies the fact that he is essentially the architect of and driving force behind Hollywood's most valuable brand that has in just over 10 years netted over $14.8 billion in worldwide grosses (according to comScore) and become the envy of every studio executive in town.
He's a mogul with a fanboy's verve who has helped to change the very fabric of the entertainment industry.
Ten years ago, many moviegoers didn't know who Iron Man was, and those who did think of him as a minor comic book character. On Thursday, Marvel Studios' 19th film, "Avengers: Infinity War," an epic mashup of characters once considered to be part of the "superhero B-list," from Iron Man to Star Lord, opens in theaters worldwide. It is cruising for a record-breaking debut that could surpass "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" as the biggest opening ever.
The scope of the Marvel effect is somewhat difficult to pin down, especially with a force as formidable as The Walt Disney Co. behind it. (Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $4 billion in 2009.)
It's revitalized careers (Robert Downey Jr.), minted movie stars (Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans and Chris Pratt, to name a few), and become an outpost for Oscar-winners too (like Robert Redford, Gwyneth Paltrow, Anthony Hopkins, Natalie Portman, Jeff Bridges, Michael Douglas and Cate Blanchett).
And beyond that, every few months the studio seems to be breaking new ground, whether it's as small as a change in tone, like "Thor: Ragnarok," or as big as producing a downright cultural phenomenon, such as "Black Panther," now the third highest-grossing domestic film of all time.
"We dream big at Marvel Studios. We have very lofty aspirations at Marvel Studios. For those dreams to be surpassed is saying something," Feige, 44, said of "Black Panther's" success.
And it shows no sign of slowing down, or running out of story. They have 70 years of comic book source material to draw on, after all.
"There are still things that are key elements to a lot of our characters in their comic incarnations that we haven't even done yet for characters who have had three or four movies," Feige said. "It is an amazing wealth of creative material to pull from."
Feige is amused when reporters try to predict Marvel's next move, or make big conclusions based on what's just happened. Under Feige, Marvel is not looking in the rear-view mirror.
When "Thor: Ragnarok" came out, he remembers reading articles declaring that, "Marvel is committing to a surrealist, silly tone" and just laughed.
"I thought, 'We have 'Black Panther' coming out in three months! They don't even know what's coming,'" Feige said. "We're always thinking ahead. Just when people think they can pin us down, we go somewhere else and that's going to happen again after 'Infinity War' in the build-up to the next Avengers film. And we had meetings earlier today about 2024 and 2025."
Misunderstanding Feige's vision is almost a tradition at this point, going back to Comic-Con in 2006 where he revealed his plans for the first few films —Iron Man, Ant-Man and The Incredible Hulk — and all anyone wrote about is how Marvel Studios didn't have the rights to Spider-Man (Sony does), the X-Men or the Fantastic Four (those reside at 20th Century Fox).
Now, few would argue that Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Black Panther, the Guardians of the Galaxy and even Doctor Strange and Ant-Man aren't veritable A-listers on their own, and even more powerful together, making up what is perhaps Marvel's greatest innovation — the Marvel Cinematic Universe. This idea of an interconnected, ever-expanding "universe" of characters and films is something that many have since tried to copy to varying degrees of success. It seems audiences don't begrudge Marvel for creating the concept, but are somewhat more skeptical of those trying to capitalize on it.
"(Marvel's) approach doesn't seem nearly as cynical as when you see another studio trying to do it with, say, Ghostbusters or DC," said Wall Street Journal reporter Ben Fritz, who delves into Marvel's history in the book "The Big Picture: The Fight for the Future of Movies." ''People are like, 'Oh I know what you're doing, you're trying to copy Marvel.' But Marvel did it first and Marvel has still done it best."
"Sequel fatigue" doesn't even seem to apply to Marvel films anymore.
"I think you can look at Marvel as a grand narrative experiment," said 'Infinity War' co-director Joe Russo. "Never before in films have we seen this many franchises combined over this many years into one giant mosaic. Two-hour, two-dimensional storytelling has dominated American culture for 100 years and now we're consuming content with such extreme speed that we need new forms of storytelling. I think what Marvel is doing is a new form of storytelling."
"Infinity War" co-screenwriter Stephen McFeely, who also co-wrote the three Captain America films, said Feige should get the film academy's Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award for his impact on the industry.
"He's clearly changed the way Hollywood works, or at least the top box office end of it," McFeely said. "It's in part because Kevin has a really good mind for story — he's ambitious — but he's not so ambitious that he's not going to do the right thing for the movie in front of his face."
While navel-gazing isn't Feige's favorite activity, the 10-year anniversary of "Iron Man" hitting theaters has provided an excuse to reflect a bit. He still remembers the early days, when they had everything to prove and felt grateful for the chance to produce films on their own. While the grand plans and concurrent filmmaking have gotten more complex over the years and "the days have gotten longer," Feige said the fundamental processes for how they make films goes back to the beginning.
"It was in the cutting rooms of 'Iron Man 1' that in a lot of ways the Marvel Studios process was born — of just keep trying things and keep turning things over and don't rest on your laurels and just because something is working doesn't mean it can't work better," Feige said.
Audiences won't have to wait too long for another Avengers, either. The fourth Avengers film, also directed by Joe and Anthony Russo and written by McFeely and Christopher Markus is just around the corner, set for a May 2019 release. It's a continuation of the story that begins in "Infinity War," where a still-fractured Avengers face Thanos (Josh Brolin). Little is being revealed beyond that. The film premiered Monday night in Los Angeles and is said to be full of surprises.
"We make movies we believe in. We make movies that we think will be entertaining to ourselves and think about ourselves as the first audience members for any movie we make. Any idea that comes up in a room: Would we be entertained by this? Would we be moved by this? Would we be surprised by this?" Feige said.
"It goes back to the movies I loved growing up. I always loved sequels. I never found myself being cynical or dismissive of sequels. If they were bad, I was disappointed. But I always loved the promise of seeing the further storylines or further adventures of characters I'd grown to love. That's all we're doing."
___
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ldbahr
By MARY ESCH
Associated Press
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon is running for New York governor.
After flirting with a run for months, Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she will challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
It sets up an intriguing race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
Her campaign website said Nixon won't accept any corporate contributions and will limit contributions from any individual or organization to $65,100 for the election cycle.
"We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway," Nixon said in a video announcing her candidacy . "We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us."
Nixon has her work cut out for her. A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading her by 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats, but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The margin of error is plus-minus 4 percentage points.
Nixon has in recent months given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run "bluer" in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely "the anti-Trump party."
It's a left-flank strategy that has had success against Cuomo in the past - nearly unknown liberal activist and law professor Zephyr Teachout garnered a surprising 34 percent of the vote in the 2014 Democratic primary.
"It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense," said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo on a range of issues. Her video shows her with her young son Max as she talks about being a proud public school parent.
Last month, at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign, which has endorsed Cuomo, she took a backhanded stab at the governor's record: "For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state, New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country."
The 60-year-old Cuomo had no immediate comment on Nixon's candidacy. But recently, he mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
"Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor," Cuomo told reporters earlier this month. "If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race."
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for her Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy "Sex and the City," her star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
"Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country," Pollock said.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
"She can't be the celebrity glamour girl," he said. "She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate."
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former "Law and Order: SVU" actress Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
___
This story has been corrected to show child in the video is Nixon's son, not her daughter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Monday's trip was the president's first to the Granite State since the 2016 election, though advisers denied the event in the first primary state was intended to serve as an early stop in Trump's 2020 re-election campaign. Still, the president saw the promise of future electoral victory at the gathering, remarking that there were "a lot of voters in this room" and saying he wanted to win the battle against the opioid epidemic by the end of his second term as president.
Trump's speech, while focused on drug policy, also included riffs on his signature issue, as several in the crowd shouted for him to "build the wall!" and he attacked Democrats over their opposition to his immigration agenda. "They want to make (the immigration issue) part of the campaign," said Trump, referring to the midterm elections this year.
Punishing "big pushers" with a "zero tolerance policy" works in other countries, Trump said, without citing those nations. He conceded that the United States might not be willing to embrace such a controversial step — even though he said he couldn't "personally" understand that way of thinking.
Trump might seek to model the U.S. punitive program after the approach taken by countries like China and Singapore that have adopted capital punishment for drug offenses, a senior White House official told NBC last week. Both countries have been criticized for those policies by human rights groups.
Trump told the crowd Monday that the Justice Department would focus on finding a way to implement the policy in the United States.
"If we're not going to get tough on the drug dealers who kill thousands of people and destroy so many people's lives, we are just doing the wrong thing," Trump said.
One of his key promises during the presidential campaign was the development of a comprehensive plan to combat opioid addiction — and in New Hampshire, he and other presidential hopefuls found a population eager to hear potential solutions: In 2016, the Granite State had the third-highest drug overdose rate in the nation.
Trump — who on Monday praised New Hampshire's efforts to fight addiction — referred last year to the state as a "drug infested den" during a call with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nietor, according to a transcript of the call published at the time by The Washington Post.
In that call, the president also claimed to have won the state because of voters' concern about its drug problems. Trump won New Hampshire's 2016 GOP presidential primary, but lost the state to Hillary Clinton in the general election.
Facebook hasn't explained exactly why it chopped the ticker, though we've reached out for comment. The social network is generally ruthless with features that don't increase user engagement, and by extension, ad revenue.
It's hard to remember now, but Facebook's feeds used to display posts in chronological order, much like Twitter (mostly) still does. The algorithmic feed, launched in 2011 eliminated date-ordered posts, surfacing what it thinks is more relevant information, instead. Facebook-owned Instagram made the same change early last year.
The ticker was introduced along with the algorithmic feed, so that you could still monitor your friends' activities in real time. Though often called the "creeper" feed, it didn't really do anything that the news feed didn't before.
The algorithmic feed is ostensibly good for users, but like any algorithm, it can be gamed. That has become especially apparent with Facebook over the 18 months, when Russian operators bought ads in an attempt to influence US election results. They correctly surmised that discord increases engagement, and paid for posts that played social factions off against each other. As a result, at least 126 million Americans were exposed to articles that likely influenced election results to some degree.
First, let's get this out of the way: It's easier for receivers to look good in offseason practices than players at virtually any other position. There are no pads. The caveat is that June success stories sometimes turn into August afterthoughts.
“Everything looks good when we're in non-pads,” Dolphins coach Adam Gase said Wednesday.
Amen.
That's why any praise of receivers who flash, such as Arkansas alum Drew Morgan, should be tempered until preseason games start.
That being said, a few things on receivers from day two of the Dolphins' mandatory three-day mini-camp:
• DeVante Parker caught everything in his area code, snatching at least five passes on different routes, including a nifty 30-plus yard TD from Ryan Tannehill that beat Xavien Howard.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:48 Don Mattingly talks about the Marlins' 11-6 win over the A's Pause 1:14 Pandora: The World of Avatar 0:46 Venezuelan tank plows through apartment building's gate 2:16 Take a peek inside Al Capone's Palm Island mansion 3:37 Woman after police encounter: 'I was so scared' 0:46 At London tower fire scene, yells of "She needs help" 1:05 Sen. Flake describes shooting at congressional baseball practice 1:13 Man walks out of Weston pharmacy with basket full of t-shirts 2:50 Don Mattingly talks about the Marlins' 8-1 win over the A's 0:30 eMerge Americas ends on Miami Beach with record crowds Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Tannehill: "Offense needs to stay on the field longer." Ryan Tannehill, Miami Dolphins quarterback, talks to the media about how the offense needs to convert third downs to stay on the field longer for the team to improve over last season. Charles Trainor Jr. The Miami Herald
His continued evolution this offseason, in advance of his third pro season, has been encouraging.
“You see a different guy out there every day,” Gase said, clarifiying that he meant you see the same guy every day, one different from last year. “You see the consistency compared to what we saw last spring. We've seen him moving as fast as game day. He treats everything like a game day.”
I asked Gase who has specifically pushed and helped Parker do the right things more (such as hydrating more, eating better, getting more sleep and becoming more detailed and precise in his routes, etc.)
He mentioned receivers coach Shawn Jefferson, strength and conditioning coach Dave Puloka, sports performance director Wayne Diesel and team nutritionist Mary Ellen Kelly.
“It was a lot of people trying to put him in the right direction,” Gase said. “At the end of the day, he has to do it day in, day out. He gravitated to it and stuck with the plan made for him during the season. Once the season ended, he carried it on, on his own. It's evident he started working on things earlier than he's ever done.”
Gase became familiar with Parker when he was working as the Bears offensive coordinator. Chicago studied Parker before the 2015 draft but the Bears instead took West Virginia receiver Kevin White at No. 7. Miami took Parker 14th.
During that time, Gase gleaned insight about Parker from then Bears-colleague Clint Hurtt, the former UM assistant who later was an assistant at Louisville (when Parker was there). Gase was able to apply that insight to his first head coaching job.
“I was given a lot of information,” Gase said. “Clint had a lot of helpful things to tell me to know what to look out for to help DeVante, to understand how he saw things, how he operated in college, how he did well. When he did struggle, how he got over the hump.”
Does Parker remind Gase of anybody?
“Being with Demaryius [Thomas] and [Eric] Decker when they were rookies, I saw a lot of the same the way his path has gone,” Gase said. “Similar to those guys. Injuries early in his career, fought through ups and downs. I see him doing the same thing, going out there with a purpose. Every day, we see a guy getting better.”
• Seventh-round rookie receiver Isaiah Ford made a nice catch, outstretching his body, and has really come on in the past week. Asked the young receiver who has impressed him, defensive back Walt Aikens mentioned Ford.
“I like Isaiah Ford,” he said. “Smooth game on the field. He will surprise you.”
• Though Jakeem Grant has dropped several passes (including one on Wednesday), he also made a terrific catch in the corner of the end zone on a pass from Matt Moore on Wednesday. The Dolphins have used him a lot on the boundary this spring, not merely in the slot.
“Jakeem has made some huge strides throughout the spring,” Gase said. “We were trying to figure out what was the best spot for him. We're trying to get him to play as fast as he could. You could tell when a guy spends extra time. He makes some really good plays. It comes down to consistency, consistently making those catches. Not only hard ones, but those easy ones that can get you sometimes as a receiver. When he has days where he doesn't have anything on the ground and is on the right spots, those are the days you want to keep building on and see if you can get three, four days in a row [like that].”
• The Funniest moment of practice: Jarvis Landry beating Bryon Maxwell for a catch, then suddenly stopping and tossing Maxwell the ball.
A few other things:
• Rookie defensive end Charles Harris has been running with the starters in pass rush situations, Ndamukong Suh said.
• Aikens, a safety the past two seasons, said he has played exclusively at cornerback this offseason and has been told he needs to be ready to play at both corner and safety this season. The Dolphins value his work on special teams.
• Anthony Steen said he has split his time evenly between guard and center this spring.
A guard at Alabama, Steen admitted Wednesday that when he was asked to play center last season, “I was scared to death, honestly.”
He said he was demoted (and replaced by Kraig Urbik during Mike Pouncey's absence last season) because an injury diminished his play. He revealed he sustained that ankle injury when Jermon Bushrod fell on him. “It kind of went downhill from there,” he said.
• Pouncey, recovering from last year's hip problems, hasn't practiced at all this offseason but “still comes to meetings,” Steen said. “He's always here, trying to pay attention and watch film. His mindset is he's going to play [this season]. He's walking fine. He was 75, 80 percent for a while on those crutches. Last two weeks [without crutches], he seemed fine to me.”
• Practice was disrupted by a massive swarm of bees, which prompted the team to change directions on the field closest to the bees.
• Undrafted defensive back Maurice Smith picked off Moore and continues to flash.
How to Tell if Someone Is Lying to You 00:02:11
How to Save a Life With a Pool Skimmer 00:00:59
Peek Inside Ryan Serhant's 'Million Dollar' Office 00:03:02
A Better Way to Park 00:01:19
How to Save Money at the Drug Store 00:01:58
This Unusual, Adrenaline-Fueled Workout Kicked Our Butts 00:02:14
How Beer Can Benefit Your Health 00:01:03
How to Check If Your Pool Is Safe 00:01:01
How the Beach Does Your Mind and Body Good 00:01:27
What It Takes to Succeed in High-Pressure Environments 00:02:36
A Better Way to Cool Your Car This Summer 00:00:58
We Went Without Added Sugar for 10 Days. Here's What Happened. 00:03:07
This Is What It Takes to Win 00:02:36
7 of the Oddest Job Interview Questions 00:00:45
How to Become a Morning Person 00:01:28
A Better Way to Chill a Bottle of Wine 00:01:20
A Better Way to Fold a Fitted Sheet 00:00:58
Take a Peek Inside Radio Host Elvis Duran's Lively Office 00:02:00
Believe It or Not, Spending Money Can Boost Your Happiness 00:01:00
This Is What Millennial Women Want 00:02:59
Why You Should Eat More Protein at Breakfast 00:01:07
How You Handle Conflict Could Give You the Upper Hand 00:01:41
Sunday Night Anxiety? These Tips Might Help. 00:01:19
A Better Way to Cut a Mango 00:01:20
On Wednesday January 10, Michael Dillard said he was having “the best day of his life.” According to his older sister Brittany Craft, he'd hung out with a friend, gone to church and was in a “really good mood.”
The next day -- Thursday -- the good mood continued.
Michael Dillard
“He went to school and everything was fine,” Brittany told Dateline. “He was being kind of obnoxious, but for him to be hyper and stuff is not unusual.”
Michael, 15, lived with his adopted mom and dad at their home in Calvin, West Virginia. Brittany lives just a few miles away and spoke to Michael almost every day.
Friday January 10 was no different in that regard. But when Michael and his mom came over after school, Brittany said his mood had changed.
“On Friday, when he got off the bus [from school], he was in a weird mood,” Brittany told Dateline. “He came over to my house and would hardly talk to me. He was acting kind of down.”
Michael and his mom left Brittany's and arrived back at their house around 4:30 p.m. After helping his mom carry some things from the car to the house, Michael ran behind the house.
“He didn't say anything, he just ran back there,” Brittany said her mom told her. “But he never came back.”
Brittany says her mom called her and Michael's dad to come over within a few minutes. By 5:00 p.m., they called 911 to report Michael missing.
Sgt. Bruce Clendenin with the West Virginia State Police told Dateline that officers responded to the Dillard's house right away. There was a storm coming, and they knew they only had a few hours until it was too dark to see.
“The temperature got to 22 degrees below zero that night,” Sgt. Clendenin told Dateline.
“It started raining really hard and it was foggy,” Brittany said. “We looked for him until 6:00 a.m. the next morning.”
In the weeks that followed, numerous dive teams, search crews, bloodhounds, and helicopters were dispatched to search for Michael, according to Sgt. Clendenin. They've all come up empty.
“We're going to widen the search again once the snow melts,” he told Dateline, adding that while “it's still an open investigation,” Michael is not considered an endangered missing person at this time.
Michael Dillard
“His jacket was found about a week and a half [after he disappeared] about 300 yards from the house,” Brittany told Dateline. “It wasn't muddy, it wasn't ripped up. It looked like he had just taken it off.”
“The jacket that was found concerns me,” private investigator John Bonazzo of Bonazzo & Suesli Investigative Solutions told Dateline. He's been working with the Dillard family, pro bono, to help find Michael.
“[The jacket] could have either been planted there later -- because that area had already been searched -- or there's also a phenomenon that occurs during hypothermia where people start to undress, because the body tricks you into thinking you're warm,” he added.
Private investigator Bonazzo said “hypothermia is definitely a possibility” in this case because of the harsh winter weather conditions of that night.
Brittany said her younger brother Michael only had $2 on him. He did have a cell phone, but he didn't take it with him.
Now, over two months later, Brittany says she and her family just want to talk to Michael.
“My family wants him to know we love him and we miss him, and we just want him to be OK,” she told Dateline.
Michael Dillard is described as being 5'5” tall and weighing 133 lbs. with brown hair and hazel eyes. He was last seen wearing a maroon t-shirt, blue jeans, and red shoes. He was also wearing a 3” silver cross on a silver chain. Private investigator Bonazzo is offering a $3,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Michael Dillard. If you have any information on Michael's whereabouts, please call the West Virginia State Police at 304-872-0800 or Investigator Bonazzo at 305-415-8920.
By The Associated Press
PREP FOOTBALL
Anderson Co. 44, Woodford Co. 14
Ashland Blazer 71, East Carter 0
Bath Co. 47, Lewis Co. 6
Belfry 35, Cabell Midland, W.Va. 14
Bethlehem 42, Caverna 8
Boyle Co. 48, Garrard Co. 7
Campbell Co. 54, Conner 28
Cov. Catholic 30, Indpls Chatard, Ind. 7
Franklin Co. 20, Spencer Co. 0
Highlands 47, Dixie Heights 0
Johnson Central 51, Greenup Co. 14
Lloyd Memorial 36, Newport 8
Lou. DeSales 21, Lou. Christian Academy 3
Lou. Trinity 45, Lou. Eastern 0
Ludlow 60, Dayton 8
North Bullitt 53, Nelson Co. 7
Owensboro Catholic 43, Hancock Co. 8
Paintsville 43, Fairview 22
Rockcastle Co. 46, Russell Co. 21
Rowan Co. 42, Boyd Co. 6
Simon Kenton 64, Boone Co. 0
South Oldham 48, Bullitt East 13
Walton-Verona 56, Trimble Co. 0
Washington Co. 49, Lou. Shawnee 6
West Carroll, Tenn. 29, Fulton City 6
Some high school football scores provided by Scorestream.com, https://scorestream.com/
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Princeton First Aid & Rescue Squad has received a $30,000 grant from the Investors Foundation for emergency medical and rescue training.
Volunteer EMTs respond to thousands of calls annually in Princeton. Continuing education training ensures the squad can deliver top-notch care and stay prepared for unforeseen disasters, squad leaders said. The Princeton First Aid & Rescue Squad serves more than 30,000 Princeton residents, visitors, and students with emergency medical care and rescue services. The squad has about 110 volunteer and career members.
“This grant will help to ensure our community has plenty of trained personnel ready to respond to any type of emergency,” said Mark Freda, president of the squad.
Pictured, l-r: Princeton First Aid & Rescue Squad Chief Frank Setnicky and Mark Freda, p, accept $30,000 grant from the Investors Foundation. Presenting the gift are Cynthia Ricker, Investors Bank assistant vice president, and Linda Martin, senior market manager.
Like this: Like Loading...
Photos of those lost in Sunday's mass shooting in Las Vegas are beginning to emerge.
Photos of those lost in Sunday's mass shooting in Las Vegas are beginning to emerge.
Analyzing his computer, cellphone and other electronic devices, investigators have found no obvious ideological motive, no clear connection to extremists or activist groups or outward display of mental illness.
Analyzing his computer, cellphone and other electronic devices, investigators have found no obvious ideological motive, no clear connection to extremists or activist groups or outward display of mental illness.
Las Vegas gunman may have scoped out other music festivals
Las Vegas gunman may have scoped out other music festivals
Crowd targeted in Las Vegas included many off-duty police and firefighters who sprang into action.
Crowd targeted in Las Vegas included many off-duty police and firefighters who sprang into action.
Authorities trying to piece together the final days before Stephen Paddock unleashed his arsenal of powerful firearms on country music fans on the Las Vegas Strip have at least one potential trove of information: his gambling habits.
Authorities trying to piece together the final days before Stephen Paddock unleashed his arsenal of powerful firearms on country music fans on the Las Vegas Strip have at least one potential trove of information:...
Some of the people injured in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history didn't initially realize they had been shot.
Some of the people injured in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history didn't initially realize they had been shot.
Some injured in Vegas massacre didn't know they'd been shot
Some injured in Vegas massacre didn't know they'd been shot
An Illinois man has installed 58 white crosses on the Las Vegas Strip to honor the victims of Sunday's mass shooting.
An Illinois man has installed 58 white crosses on the Las Vegas Strip to honor the victims of Sunday's mass shooting.
Traditional allies in support of gun rights are of one mind in calling for regulation of "bump stock" devices that apparently aided the gunman behind the Las Vegas attack.
Traditional allies in support of gun rights are of one mind in calling for regulation of "bump stock" devices that apparently aided the gunman behind the Las Vegas attack.
Investigators are probing Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's interest in other music festivals in the months before he killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
Investigators are probing Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's interest in other music festivals in the months before he killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
The Latest: Official: No clear motive yet in Vegas shooting
The Latest: Official: No clear motive yet in Vegas shooting
Investigators are probing Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's interest in other music festivals in the months before he killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
Investigators are probing Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's interest in other music festivals in the months before he killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
(Jeff Taylor /The Winchester Star via AP). Michelle Potts of Hedgesville, W.Va. leans on the shoulder of her husband, Gary Potts, during a candlelight vigil she organized for her best friend, Las Vegas shooting victim Denise Burditus of Martinsburg, W....
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Sherri Camperchioli, left, and Jordan Cassel help set up some of the crosses that arrived in Las Vegas today to honor the victims of the mass shooting on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor ...
(AP Photo/Rick Bowmer). A little-known device called a "bump stock" is attached to a semi-automatic rifle at the Gun Vault store and shooting range Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in South Jordan, Utah. Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 33 guns within ...
(Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP). FILE - This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding...
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Gareth Wilkinson stands near a makeshift memorial in honor of the victims of a mass shooting Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The arsenal of the Las Vegas shooter also included tracer bullets that can improve firing accuracy in the dark, a a law enforcement official told The Associated Press on Friday.
It wasn't clear whether Stephen Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre last Sunday.
But his purchase of 1,000 rounds provided more evidence of how methodically he planned the attack that killed 58 people and injured nearly 500.
More about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history:
THE INVESTIGATION
Paddock bought the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show last month, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video images of the pandemonium when Paddock started strafing the country music festival showed a muzzle flash from his 32nd-floor room at the Mandalay Bay resort. But bullets were not visible in the night sky.
NRA PROPOSES REGULATIONS
The National Rifle Association is joining the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in a surprise endorsement of a narrow gun restriction in the wake of the Vegas concert shooting.
The NRA said devices called "bump stocks" that allow semi-automatic rifles to perform more like fully automatic weapons should be "subject to additional regulations." The devices were found in Paddock's hotel room.
President Donald Trump said his administration is considering whether they should be banned. State lawmakers in Massachusetts and New York filed bills to ban the devices in those states
THE UNWITTING FIRST RESPONDERS
A group of firefighters driving back to their Vegas station after responding to a call for a minor car crash ended up being the first to respond to the shooting massacre.
Brian Emery recalled that gunfire rang out as hundreds of hysterical people swarmed the vehicle on the Las Vegas Strip.
It was pure coincidence that the Clark County Fire Department crew members on Engine 11 were the first on-duty emergency personnel to arrive at Sunday's shooting.
The surge of people forced Emery to stop driving, but he eventually inched the engine out and got it to a parking lot where the crew could start treating patients. The work continued until after sunrise.
58 WOODEN CROSSES
White crosses have been placed on the Las Vegas Strip for each victim of the concert shooting.
Retired carpenter Greg Zanis drove nearly 2,000 miles from the Chicago area to put up the 58 crosses Thursday afternoon.
The 66-year-old is known for installing the markers at the sites of other mass killings, including the Columbine and Sandy Hook school shootings and Orlando nightclub massacre.
He plans to keep the tribute up for 40 days before giving the crosses to the families of the victims.
___
Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo contributed to this report from Las Vegas.
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Uber announced it is yanking its fleet of self-driving cars in San Francisco and three other cities after a deadly crash in Arizona on Sunday.Police in the city of Tempe say the vehicle was in autonomous mode, with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit at the intersection of Curry Road and Mill Avenue.Police identified the victim as Elaine Herzberg, 49. After the accident, she was transported to a local hospital where she passed away from her injuries.Uber issued a statement saying, "Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."The accident has led Uber to pause it operations for all self-driving vehicles in Tempe, San Francisco, Pittsburgh and Toronto.Uber has not said how long it plans to keep those cars off the roads.
Brazilian authorities say that dozens of inmates have died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas.
The office of the state's public security office says the rebellion at Anisio Jobim penitentiary complex began Sunday afternoon and was quelled Monday morning. An office spokesman says dozens have died, but did not specify.
News portal G1 cites the governor's office as saying that at least 50 have died and an unknown number managed to escape in the chaos. Calls to the governor's office were referred to the security office.
Similar incidents happened in Brazilian prisons in October.
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons.
It's not immediately clear what sparked the latest unrest.
Former heroin addict talks about low point, rehab
Prescription drugs ─ the changing face of addiction
Intelligence officials confident Russians behind election attacks
2:23
From Digital Spy
Mr Robot star Christian Slater has opened up about his cameo role in 1991's Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country – and yes, his mum helped him land the gig.
Slater was a huge Trek fan, and a pretty big star by that time too, having already appeared in the likes of 1989's Heathers and 1991's Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves as the Will Scarlett to Kevin Costner's Robin Hood.
But when it came to landing a cameo part, it seems it was very much a case of who you know – and in this case, that was his mum Mary Jo Slater, who happened to be the casting director on the film.
Photo credit: Sylvain Gaboury/FilmMagic / Getty Images More
[Christian Slater with mum Mary Jo in 2005]
"Oh yes," he said on Graham Norton's BBC Radio 2 programme today (December 9) when asked about how the cameo came about. "My mother was the casting director, so...
"Yeah, that was a bit of nepotism there for me. I'm not even going to kid around, I had an in, and that was it."
Slater appeared in the film in a cameo role as an unnamed night-duty officer, who is credited as Excelsior Communications Officer.
Photo credit: CBS / Paramount More
And while Slater was being candid about his Star Trek past, he also opened up about some of his more nefarious actions on set too.
"I stole the costume, by the way," he added. "I have it in a box somewhere. It was William Shatner's costume from Star Trek II, actually."
And when Graham asked if he got to keep it, Slater replied: "Well, I wasn't supposed to. I walked off [the set]."
Well, there we have it. Don't invite Slater to cameo in anything if you want to keep the costume afterward.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
You Might Also Like
Atletico Madrid have announced the signing of teenage defender Nehuen Perez from Argentinos Juniors.
The 18-year-old centre-back has signed a six-year contract to move to the LaLiga side.
Perez, an Argentina Under-17 international, trained with Jorge Sampaoli's side in Russia during their unsuccessful World Cup campaign.
Atletico have also confirmed Bernard Mensah will join Kayserispor on loan for the 2018-19 season.
Residents of a Grantham retirement home have raised £240 for the Motor Neurone Disease Association (MNDA).
A group of ladies living at Martin Court, in St Catherine's Road, have been making and selling Christmas and birthday cards they have made using the Iris folding technique.
Joan Miller presented the donation to Maurice Tomlinson, and it will go towards research into the neurological condition.
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:24 Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: hypegh.com
2017-10-06
Mr. Eazi and Fancy Gadem
Gone are the days when Ghanaians had to enjoy songs from only the big boys in the game like Sarkodie, Shatta Wale, Stonebwoy, R2bees, E.L, Efya, Becca, Ohemaa Mercy, Nacy, Obaapa Christy, Samini, VVIP, Daddy Lumba, Kojo Antwi, Fuse ODG and many others.
For a little over a year now, the music industry has been enjoying the sounds of some fresh guys who have been releasing good songs. These new musicians have won the heart of many Ghanaians with their songs and giving their seniors stiff competition.
These fresh bloods release songs and people rush for their copies like they have been in the industry for years.
Ebony
Priscilla Opoku-Kwarteng needs no introduction because she has become a household name now. Ebony releases a song and you hear everybody talking about it minutes after it's out. Many have tipped her to be in the 2018 VGMAS artiste of the year category judging from her works in the year 2017. Ebony is currently reigning the female music scene in Ghana. She does all!!!
Fancy Gadam
Even before winning the hearts of many Ghanaians, he was god of the Northern music. This young chap has been making wonders at his self-organized concerts. You cannnot organize an event at his territory without him – try it and you will be disgraced.
King Promise
Put King Promise on your song and you are assured of a hit single. He never disappoints when he is on the hook. Just listen to his songs or the ones he has featured on and you would understand what I'm saying about the ‘Oh Yeah' hitmaker.
Kidi
After winning hitmaker, he went silent for a while and revamped with a great song, Say You Love me. This song was not an instant hit but gradually grew to ink his name in the best emerging musicians in the country. He has ‘Odo' out and people are going made over it. Kidi is no just a singer, he writes and produces as well – that is a talent right there.
Kuame Eugene
This guy signed on Lynx Entertainment is an epitome of talent. He writes, sings, and produces music. Not just that, he is also a great performer who will never bore you whenever he is on stage. Almost all his songs are enjoying massive airplay. His recently released single, Angela is all over the country. Don't forget that he made triumphant entry after featuring on his label mate, MzVee's ‘Rewind' single, a tune he wrote and produced.
Feli Nuna
Aside Ebony, Feli is also giving the big girls pressure. She's constantly releasing materials just to prove a point. The Beehyve entertainment signee for the past months has tried to paint her name on the walls of many houses in the country.
Kurl Songx
All hail the Krobo man. It got to a time the only song you would hear on radio and phones was ‘Jennifer Lomotey' recorded by Kurl Songx and Sarkodie. This guy came to take over the airwaves with his first single after winning MTN hitmaker reality show. Just when he was losing the attention, he followed it up with ‘Whistle' which again features Obidi. That song is not doing bad at all, it is also gaining airplay but not like the controversial ‘Jennifer Lomotey'.
Kwadwo Nkansah LilWin
LilWin is not a professional musician but he is worrying the big guys. He has been topping chats with most of his songs making some of the big boys wonder how he has been making it big. This guy is just genius.
Mr. Eazi
A lot need not be said about this Naija man who has been representing us all over the world. His works are visible enough to prove that he is above most of the top musicians in the country. Life is indeed easy for 26-year-old Oluwatosin Oluwole Ajibade
Medikal
This rapper has been ‘poofing' up ever since he had his first hit song, ‘Connect'. It is not easy to remain relevant in the Ghanaian music industry with rap songs especially when Afropop is reining at the moment but this guy is making his way through. He is worrying most of the big guys but does he care?
Share
The DJ usually keeps the party going, but now turntablists are taking their talents to the orchestra. To celebrate Japan's LP Record Day, hi-fi audio brand Technics gathered 30 world-class DJs together to form The Philharmonic Turntable Orchestra, the first orchestra composed of only turntables, in order to remix one of the most important records in music history.
The consortium of record manipulators scratched, spliced, and remixed violinist Nathan Milstein and the New York Philharmonic Orchestra's rendition of Mendelssohn Concerto in E minor, which was the first 12″ LP ever issued, back in 1948. All of the DJ's transmogrified the 70-year-old record into modern magic using mixers, and the Technics SL-1200 series turntable, Technic's legendary analog player line the company discontinued in 2010. To the delight of the DJ community, Technics revived the iconic brand in 2016 with the limited-edition SL-1200GAE and SL-1200G turntables.
The Philharmonic Turntable Orchestra is like the Avengers of the turntable world, bringing together numerous Disco Mix Club (DMC) World and U.S. DJ champions from the past 20-plus years. The 2017 DMC World DJ champion — DJ Rena — became the youngest to win the award at the age of 12, and is joined by fellow DMC champions DJ Switch, DJ Swamp, DJ Kentaro, and DJ QBert, among a decorated list of others.
March 20 marks the 67th anniversary of the LP format being released commercially in Japan, and this year could mark a resurgence of the LP in the Asian country. Last year, Sony Music announced it would begin pressing vinyl records again in Japan starting in spring 2018. According to Sony, new technology has ironically helped lead to the revival of the formerly outdated model. “Some people are buying vinyl records after first hearing songs on streaming services. If they love the music, they want to own it in a tangible, analog format,”Aiichiro Furukawa, a corporate senior vice president at Sony Music, said in a 2017 interview surrounding Sony's announcement.
This isn't just Sony tugging on people's nostalgic heart strings, as vinyl sales have increased every year since 2005. In 2015, vinyl sales generated more revenue for the music industry than all ad-supported streaming. Now, vinyl is the center of an entire orchestra.
You can check out behind-the-scenes footage of The Philharmonic Turntable Orchestra working on music at Technic's dedicated website for the orchestra and in the video above.
Among ancient shrines Donald Blakeslee has found, several limestone boulders in Tami and Greg Norwood's backyard stand out.
Sculptors from the Wichita Nation carved the images hundreds of years ago. There are small holes with basins just below them, and from the basins, curved miniature channels, some shaped like stairsteps moving down the sloping face of the stone.
Nobody made much of this rock art, not even previous archaeologists who'd looked at it.
But two years ago, Blakeslee, an anthropologist, stood under the shade of the Norwood's trees, and felt a little flash of recognition.
“It has to do with souls.”
So he picked up his water bottle, and poured.
The water pooled, in basins under the holes. The water filled the little basins, then trickled down the carved channels, which curved around and then came together, or spread out.
He'd discovered an interactive sacred shrine, still functional after four centuries.
“It is in their religion that everything is in three layers — the sky, this world, and the underground — and that water moves between these worlds,” he said.
The shrine was rooted deeply in religious beliefs of the Wichita Nation. Moving water was sacred. Believers also thought they could look into a pool on a moonlit night and talk with spirits and souls in reflections they saw.
Blakeslee keeps finding more images, and thinks it'll be possible to record more about the lost mythology of the Wichita.
Many stones beside springs were sacred. A few feet from the water shrine sits another boulder, with dozens of small, smooth depressions carved into stone. Women hundreds of years ago carved the little holes, filled them with water, then drank that water while saying a prayer for successful pregnancies.
Springs and water pools, especially those coming out of caves, were sacred portals, he said. And that's where the Norwood's boulders come in.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver Pause 3:26 United passenger attorney: Airlines have bullied us, and Dao is 'the guy to stand up for passengers' 2:43 She raps her way to 2017 Georgia Economics Teacher of the Year title 0:45 Masked gunmen rob Pio Nono store 1:36 "Several shots were fired," police chief says 2:35 This ice cream is rolled, not scooped 3:42 Snitker breaks down fourth straight win 3:22 He told his friend to put his hands on the steering wheel. Then a gun fired. 0:34 His children and their children call him "Golfdaddy" 0:55 Pastor talks about meaning of Easter sunrise service Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Wichita State professor explores ancient Native American city Wichita State anthropologist Donald Blakeslee talks about the Wichita Indian settlement of Etzanoa, which was discovered near present-day Arkansas City by Spanish explorers in 1602. It is estimated the settlement was home to 20,000 Plains Indians. theying@wichitaeagle.com
The pastures of Rice County and the bluffs and ravines around Arkansas City and Etzanoa are nourished by burbling springs that likely became drinking supplies and sacred shrines.
This has fascinated Gary McAdams, who has held leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes, headquartered in Anadarko, Okla.
Among the ancient Wichita, he said, “Water is transformational — you go into a stream or a spring, and come out transformed. When babies are born, they baptized them with water. They would pray to the spirit in the water, or in the moon.
“And when they were about to do something important, a battle or some other big undertaking, they would go to a nearby stream and bathe, a preparatory thing they would do with prayers.
“They would do that also when someone passes away, the family would make sure to bathe, to get rid of a bad feeling — a cleansing action, to bathe, and do it with prayers.
“Things have changed now.”
HOWLAND, Ohio (WYTV) – Starting Monday, Howland police will be issuing warnings to drivers caught speeding on their handheld officer-manned camera.
On Friday, police officers were trained on how to use the equipment ahead of the 30-day warning period.
Officers will be manning the cameras in areas like Routes 82 and 46 and in school zones.
After the 30-day period, drivers caught on camera going nine miles over the speed limit will receive a $100 citation.
The fee is $150 for going six miles over in a school zone.
“Our number one complaint is excessive speeding in our township by our Howland Township residents and our goal is to slow motorists down,” Chief Nick Roberts said. “That way, they can get to their destinations safely. If we can stop one accident from happening, one injury accident, one fatal crash from happening, then this program's been a success.”
Enforcement by using the camera will begin on March 6.
Ali Sulaiman Mohamed assigned ambassador to France Ali Sulaiman Mohamed, commissioner of the Ethiopian Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission, has a new job as Ethiopia's ambassador to France. He would also be a non-resident ambassador to Spain, […] admin
The TPLF government has violated the human rights abuses in the prison The photo depicting the Ethiopian government's human rights record is a sign that the government of Ethiopia is guilty of crimes against humanity. According to the photo, innocent prisoners are […] admin
BREAKING NEWS: FEDERAL COURT RULES OPPOSITION LEADERS TO DEFEND PROSECUTORS' CHARGES, REDUCES BEKELE GERBA'S TERRORISM CHARGE TO CRIME Mahlet Fasil Addis Abeba, July 13, 2017 – In what was seen as a key decision involving the high profile terrorism charges against 22 mostly opposition party leaders and members, the […] admin
Food shortages and funding gap push extra 700,000 people to verge of starvation in Ethiopia In response to the newly released Humanitarian Response Document by the Government of Ethiopia, Oxfam's Humanitarian Program Manager in Ethiopia, Manish Kumar said: ‘'Yet another poor rainy season, the third […] admin
FOR THE SECOND DAY IN A ROW SEVERAL BUSINESSES IN AMBO CITY REMAIN CLOSED Addis Abeba, Several businesses in Ambo city, 120 kms west of the capital Addis Abeba, have spent a second day closed off for business, according to these pictures received exclusively […] admin
“My hands were tied up day and night” Dereje Merga #Ethiopia #FreeDereje #OfC #QilintoFire #OromoProtests Name: Dereje Merga Debelo Age: 29 Address: Addis Ababa, Yeka Sub City,Woreda 02 Current situation: Qilinto Prison The reason why I am jailed: They say […] admin
hands and legs with cord for three consecutive days” Kiber Alemayehu #Ethiopia #FreeKiber #HumanRights Name: – Kiber Alemayehu Age: – 36 years old Address: – Amhara Regional State, West Gojjam Zone, Mankussa Current situation: – held in Qilinto prison The reason […] admin
The Ethiopian Government arrest 34 senior officials for allegedly of corruption The Government on Tuesday arrested 34 senior government officials, businesspersons and brokers for alleged corruption amounting to more than 1.15 billion birrs. July 27, 2017 maleda times 0 Comments Edit […] admin
‹‹They beat me using a stick that has nails on it; the pain is still on my knee›› Agbaw Setege ‹‹They beat me using a stick that has nails on it; the pain is still on my knee›› Agbaw Setege #Ethiopia #FrerAgbaw #HumanRights Name: – Agbaw Setegn Berihun Age: – […] admin
Halfway to the playoffs, and two stories are emerging in NASCAR's premier series with one common theme: Points.
There are the playoff points that Kyle Busch and Kevin Harvick are accumulating at a rate quick enough that half of this year's championship field might be sewed up by September.
And then there are the “regular” points that will become even more of a scramble over the next 13 races to snatch whatever berths remain in the 16-driver playoff field.
There have been six winners through the first 13 races, mostly because of Busch (four victories) and Harvick (five). If the two hottest drivers in NASCAR's premier series can maintain their torrid pace, and if some combination of Martin Truex Jr., Joey Logano, Clint Bowyer and Austin Dillon also can repeat (which seems likely), there probably will be more spots available on points than ever in the five seasons the playoffs were reconfigured in 2014.
The playoff lineup is filled first by winners, and if there are fewer than 16, the remaining slots are awarded on points. The record for most points-eligible qualifiers was five in 2015 (Jamie McMurray, Jeff Gordon, Ryan Newman, Paul Menard and Bowyer), and there seems a good chance for at least as many or more this year.
As NASCAR grinds through the grueling summer stretch with slick racetracks and oppressive heat, the tension could ratchet up against the backdrop of a points race – particularly with a fresh 2018 schedule that includes another 1.5-mile track (Chicagoland) and a new cutoff race.
In the regular-season finale Sept. 9 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, NASCAR seems to be learning toward using the All-Star Race rules package that mixes restrictor plates and aero ducts to bunch the field.
The current championship standings should make it a no-brainer, given there is virtually no chance of having 16 playoff berths for 16 winners.
If there is a points battle of, say, more than a dozen drivers vying for the last six or seven playoff berths, it could turn the Brickyard into the free-for-all that the 2.5-mile track desperately needs to help reinvigorate dwindling crowds.
Though last year's race was among the most memorable because of the three-wide battles for the lead at the front, it could be even more captivating to watch several drivers duel for positions within the pack in the waning laps if the racing resembles the action produced in the All-Star Race.
Thus, Busch and Harvick inadvertently could make the Brickyard a must-watch event this season – while simultaneously turning the playoffs into a frenzied scrum of 14 drivers for two spots in Miami.
While it isn't a foregone conclusion that they will be in the championship finale, Busch (25 playoff points) and Harvick (24) are tracking ahead of where defending series champion Truex was last season (16 after 13 races). At this rate, both will claim mega-bonuses from their regular-season standings and would enter the playoffs as co-favorites.
Kyle Busch has won at Charlotte Motor Speedway, which means he has won at every track on the Cup circuit.
This STILL will be true Sept. 30 when the first race is run on Charlotte's road course. Yes, the track will carry a “Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval” designation on the schedule, and its debut will mean that he won't have won at every Cup layout.
But Busch still will have won at every track for several reasons.
Start with the fact that the “Roval” course will use all but 400 feet of the 1.5-mile oval that Busch finally conquered Sunday night in the Coca-Cola 600.
And let's remember that many famous ovals also have road courses that hold races, and there is little distinction made in designating them.
Jeff Gordon and Michael Schumacher are both five-time winner at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Will Power became a first-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 but is a four-time winner at IMS. Mario Andretti, A.J. Foyt and Jamie McMurray have multiple signature victories at Daytona International Speedway – in the Daytona 500 and Rolex 24.
NASCAR apparently will be recognizing the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval as a “new” track, which opens a Pandora's box of questions about retrofitting its record books.
Tracks rarely are given such reclassifications after repaves or reconfigurations that change the complexions of their races. The Roval layout might be on a different level, but so is Richmond Raceway's 65-year evolution.
It started as a half-mile dirt track before being paved in 1968. Two decades later, it was torn down and rebuilt as the current 0.75-mile track.
None of this is abundantly obvious (unless you have an eagle eye for varying distances) on Racing-Reference.info, the deservedly respected bible of NASCAR historical information. Richard Petty has 13 wins at Richmond – not 10 on pavement and three on dirt (which should count as much as a “new” track as turning a 1.5-mile oval into a road course).
Busch apparently was told less than an hour after becoming the first driver of the modern era to win at every track that (because NASCAR is counting the Charlotte roval as a “new” track) the record would last for four months .
How about letting him enjoy it for much longer than that? As in, until the next time a new track actually is added to the schedule?
There's always annual talk about which NASCAR driver might be the next to attempt the Indianapolis 500-Coca-Cola 600 doubleheaders.
But how about IndyCar drivers coming the other direction?
Power's Indy 500 win, coupled with his 2014 championship, should allow him to write his own ticket with team owner Roger Penske, who has IndyCar and NASCAR teams under the same roof in Mooresville, North Carolina. Power has expressed a desire to race a stock car, as have teammates Simon Pagenaud and Josesf Newgarden (who also have IndyCar titles).
“Hell, yes,” Newgarden said last week. “I love NASCAR. I think it's awesome. Open wheel cars captured me as a kid. That doesn't mean I don't like stock cars. But I also like this resurgence of drivers who say they want to do everything. I think there are a lot of guys who do want to do everything and always have.
Joked Pagenaud: “I'm very French but could do it. I can drink coffee while I drive, no problem. I can do it.”
Newgarden is frustrated by how segmented racing has become for drivers in the 21st century. “You have to have a side,” he said. “You have to choose one. I think it's so stupid. I like it all. I watch everything. I watch NASCAR stuff. We all do. We all follow that stuff. We'd all love to try it.
“When you drive for Roger, you have to first focus on what you're hired for, and you're hired to win the Indianapolis 500 and the championship, and if you do a great job at that, maybe one day you'll get an opportunity to try a stock car. I hope that happens.”
The growth of road courses in both the Xfinity (Road America is a longtime IndyCar venue) and Cup series also could offer more opportunities. James Hinchcliffe is among the IndyCar drivers who reportedly has been exploring one-off road-course rides in NASCAR.
And based how he handled single-file restarts Sunday in Indy, we wouldn't mind seeing Alexander Rossi getting a shot, too.
For the second time this season, four Chevrolet drivers (Jimmie Johnson, Jamie McMurray, Kyle Larson and Alex Bowman) finished in the top 10 at Charlotte. It also happened at Bristol Motor Speedway, but accomplishing the feat at a 1.5-mile track is an encouraging sign for a new Camaro that has seemed to lack the aerodynamic advantage of Ford and Toyota.
The impact of NASCAR's new Optical Scanning Station certainly seems to have helped Ford drivers, who have been hinting since the preseason that the new inspection system would benefit their Fusions with more rear downforce.
But the OSS also might have had an opposite effect on the Camaro, whose design and development was initiated before teams saw the system in action for the first time last fall (in demonstration mode during the playoffs).
Hendrick Motorsports recently acquired an OSS for its shop, joining several powerhouse teams that purchased theirs before the season. NASCAR managing director of competition and innovation John Probst said as many as 10 teams have OSS systems.
That isn't unusual given that teams would have their own sets of templates when NASCAR used the metal silhouettes for measurements, but Probst said the efficiency and accuracy of the OSS (which relies on two dozen high-definition cameras and projectors) makes it a more attractive option for teams.
Though NASCAR offers an OSS for teams' use at its R&D Center in Concord, North Carolina, many rely on OSS in their shops because they take measurements throughout the car-building process.
“I think we anticipated teams would buy this,” Probst said on last week's episode of the NASCAR on NBC Podcast. “Teams measuring (cars) multiple times as it goes throughout the shop, that's a very reasonable thing to do.
“There are a lot of reasons to buy the technology. It's relatively simple, the results are fairly quick and accurate. It's relatively cheaper compared to many other solutions. It's a more efficient system in general.”
Listen to Probst on the podcast via the embed below or on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher, Spotify or Google Play.
Erik Jones had a miserable night in the pits with a magnificent car Sunday at Charlotte, and it was the pit stop between Stages 3 and 4 that really had to hurt.
Jones' No. 20 Toyota entered in second place but left in 19th because of a stop that went several seconds longer because his front tire changer switched to a backup pit gun.
The reason? Kasey Kahne ran over the primary gun's hose while entering his stall just ahead, ripping it from changer Houston Stamper's hands.
It would seem unfair to suffer because of the actions of a rival driver who faces no repercussions at all. But there are two important rules of thumb to consider.
–A driver entering his stall has every right to enter as sharply and swiftly as desired (without violating another car's pit box).
–Each pit crew is responsible for keeping its equipment out of harm's way.
The only feasible way that NASCAR could have penalized Kahne would be if he'd gone out of his way to affect Jones' stop.
In two of the past three seasons, the Coca-Cola 600 has been a runaway in which the winner has led at least 94 percent of the laps.
The record for highest percentage of laps led in the previous 55 years of NASCAR's longest race was 83 percent (Jim Paschal in 1967).
How is this dominance possible in a race that historically has demanded constant adjustments to keep up with a temperature-sensitive surface that can vary wildly over the course of four hours in the transition from blazing hot sun to a cool evening?
The simplest explanation might be that the Charlotte reigns of Truex in 2016 and Busch this year underscore the importance of being in clean air on an aerodynamic superspeedway.
Crew chiefs Cole Pearn and Adam Stevens can tune the car better with their championship-caliber stars able to provide the best feedback in static conditions. And with teams running high-fidelity simulations nonstop, there is more information on making strong setup calls than ever.
Sunday's race sadly marked the third time in four years that a fan has climbed a catchfence during a Cup race. While it thankfully didn't necessitate a race stoppage at Charlotte (unlike an infamous incident at Richmond and similar to one at Dover last year) because it was defused so quickly, it still begs the question: Why is this still happening?
We've written this before, but having a fan fall onto a hot track on national TV would be a really bad thing, not just for the event but racing in general. Whatever tracks have to spend to rectify this so that fans stay off the chain link in the future, it's worth it.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
Argentina are currently sitting outside the World Cup qualification places after a 0-0 draw against Peru last night.
It could have been worse if Manchester United goalkeeper Sergio Romero hadn't intervened to tip this free-kick over the bar and keep a clean sheet at La Bombonera.
Romero and his team-mates are now sixth in the table, with the top four going to the World Cup and the fifth-placed team going into a playoff.
Argentina is on on 25 points, level on points with last night's opponents Peru, who are in fifth. Chile and Colombia, in third and fourth, respectively, are both on 26 points.
The West End performer featured in a scene with Emma Thompson, Ewan McGregor and Ian McKellen - although not quite so prominently...
Although most of this year's Love Island contestants are entering the villa as relative unknowns (not including Dani Dyer), there is one islander who's already appeared in a Hollywood blockbuster: Samira Mighty. The 22-year-old professional dancer starred in 2017's live-action version of Beauty and the Beast.
Advertisement
Well, sort of. You won't actually be able to spot her face on camera, but RadioTimes.com can confirm that she appears as a background dancer in the final ballroom sequence. And that means she was in the same scene as Emma Watson, Emma Thompson, Ewan McGregor, Ian McKellen and Dan Stevens! That's massive, right?
Okay, sure, blink and you'll miss her (in fact, keep your eyelids propped open with matchsticks and you'll probably miss her) but still, it's a Hollywood movie – have you been in a Hollywood movie? No.
Not that Samira is boasting about it: when asked what her claim to fame was, the islander only listed the stage projects she had been involved in (Dreamgirls and Mamma Mia at the West End) – Beauty and the Beast wasn't mentioned. Nor was her other screen appearance on ITV's celeb singing contest All Star Musicals with Freddie Flintoff.
So, her links with celebs might not be the strongest, but if Marcel from last year taught us anything, it's that in the villa there's no shame in extending your 15-minutes of fame (even if, as in Samira's case, it's more like 15 seconds).
Advertisement
Love Island begins on Monday 4th June at 9pm on ITV2
A night of music and cabaret raised more than £1,000 for Rosemere Cancer Foundation.
Read related stories: /preston-hmrc-staff-take-on-yorkshire-three-peaks-challenge-for-rosemere-cancer-foundation-1-9174022 and /chorley-cabaret-night-supports-rosemere-cancer-foundation-1-8814155
When Denis Ashcroft organised the event at St Mary's Parish Centre, in Chorley, he was overwhelmed by the generosity of the people who gave their support.
The Grand Cabaret Night, featuring Lancaster singer Sean Leonard and Leyland's Lindsay Marie, raised £1,194.
A giant tombola and raffle helped to boost funds along with the advance auction of a number of donated items.
Denis, of Chorley, said: “We sold lots of tickets and we had many donations on the night by those who enjoyed the entertainment as well as those who were unable to attend. Many of the clients at Hair by Margaret in Stratford Road were among those who gave prizes and boosted the funds with their loose change collection.
“Everyone said that it was a great night and there was a real party atmosphere. The supper was greatly enjoyed and there were even seconds for those who wanted it. Most people went home with prizes.”
Denis's next event will be held at St Mary's Parish Centre, in Chorley, on Friday September 28.
Levy County sheriff's detectives have arrested three people in connection with an Aug. 4 home invasion killing in Williston, according to a social media post.Steven Demar Stacy, 34, of Williston, aided Jalen Keyshawn Days and Andrew Lee Robinson in disposing of weapons used in the invasion and shooting, including a murder weapon, deputies reported on Facebook.Stacy is charged with being an accessory after the fact and was held without bond in the Levy County Jail.James [...]
Ross (Aidan Turner) and wife Demelza (Eleanor Tomlinson) will be back on screens soon
With less than two weeks to go, it's finally here: the trailer for Poldark series four.
Advertisement
And there's a lot packed into it. We see Ross (Aidan Turner) charging across windy Cornish cliffs on horseback, reconciling with wife Demelza (Eleanor Tomlinson) and even firing a couple of duelling pistols.
But what else can we expect from upcoming episodes? Poldark in parliament. Despite previously refusing to become a politician, series four will see Ross at Westminster after Pitt the Prime Minister calls a general election.
And yes, that means Ross will take George Warleggan's (Jack Farthing) place as MP. “He does take George's seat. He beats George,” Scriptwriter Debbie Horsfield previously told RadioTimes.com. “At the end of this series we see him coming to the realisation that next time a seat is offered he has to take it.
“He's not desperate to head off to Westminster but a catastrophic happening in episode one of series four makes him realise that in order to have the power to effect any change he needs to get out of his comfort zone.”
Yet what about Ross and Demelza? As expected, things won't be plain sailing after Poldark's red-headed wife gave into temptation with the charming Hugh Armitage (Josh Whitehouse) at the end of series three.
“They might start off a bit rocky and they might try to figure things out,” Aidan Turner told RadioTimes.com at the Radio Times Covers Party. “It's a very real relationship, these things can happen in a marriage.”
So, will the married couple fix their relationship? Or will Ross' new role in politics cause further divide? We don't have long to find out…
Advertisement
Poldark returns Sunday 10th June at 9pm on BBC1
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico — Puerto Rico's Senate has ordered government agencies to explain why tens of thousands of people in rural areas remain without power or appropriate shelter as anger grows about the lack of basic services more than seven months after Hurricane Maria.
The agencies have five days to present a plan on how and when they will address the needs of rural towns.
The order comes as police in a small mountain town blocked power crews from leaving on Tuesday while residents demanded they stay to restore electricity service that many still lack.
The standoff ended after the power company promised it would keep crews in Las Piedras until service is fully restored. The crews were obeying company orders to head off to another town.
HOUSTON - The Harris County Precinct 7 constables chief died Tuesday morning after he became ill at work, officials said.
Goree Anderson, a law enforcement veteran for nearly 40 years, was taken to Memorial Hermann Monday afternoon and was pronounced dead the next morning, officials said.
The cause of death was not immediately released.
Anderson has been a member of Constable May Walker's Command Staff since Jan. 2, 2005.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
2:25
'I've seen my death. I'm not going to live long,' victim tells mother hours before fatal shooting
It's one small step for a chicken sandwich, and one giant leap for fast food.
On June 21, KFC plans to launch its Zinger chicken sandwich into a space via a high-altitude solar-powered balloon known as a “stratollite,” a word combining “stratosphere” and “satellite.”
The chicken sandwich will zip up to about 28.5 miles above Earth ― not quite the 62-mile threshold to be considered to be the edge of space, but, as the New York Times notes, it's cheaper than shooting off an orbiting rocket.
Assuming the launch goes off without a hitch, the balloon and the sandwich will float above Earth for at least four days, while the stratollite records telemetry data to help future launches by World View, the balloon's manufacturer, according to the Associated Press.
Whether anyone wants to eat the sandwich after that remains a mystery.
KFC is funding the flight of the Zinger, which will mark the balloon's first multi-day mission, according to Space.com.
World View co-founder and Chief Technology Officer Taber MacCallum told the website that the project will benefit both companies.
“This mission offers edge-of-space access to KFC, allowing them to embark upon a one-of-a-kind marketing experiment, while we get to pursue our maiden multiday Stratollite shakedown cruise and open unprecedented access to the stratosphere,” MacCallum said. “It's a double win.”
The stratollite launch will be streamed at kfcin.space, a web address that expands to yesweareactuallysendingachickensandwichto.space, according to the Times.
KFC has hatched lots of plans to promote the four-day trip, including dropping a single coupon on the ground.
The information gathered during the trip will help World View perfect future balloons, which are designed to travel long distances or hover over one spot on Earth for long periods like a drone.
The stratollites may soon be used to monitor natural disasters, provide Wi-Fi service in remote areas or other services, World View representatives told Space.com.
Poynter told reporters on Tuesday she was amused when KFC approached their company.
“We had a good chuckle,” she said, according to Space.com. “We thought it was quite funny. But after we thought about it for a minute, we all decided it was incredibly cool.”
KFC sneak-previewed the voyage last month in a commercial featuring Rob Lowe as Colonel Sanders.
“The time has come to explore beyond our known horizons to push KFC's spicy, crispy chicken sandwich to new heights,” he said in the ad. “Sure, there'll be questions. Like, ‘why?'”
When Emerson Hyndman moved on loan to Rangers in the Scottish premiership, the question was whether the move would work out for the U.S. national team prospect.
Now, a few months in, it's pretty clear that it couldn't be going much better and Hyndman continues to impress in the Scottish first-division. Over the weekend, the and the 20-year-old USMNT prospect notched a gorgeous assist in Rangers' 2-0 win over Partick Thistle:
⚽ | @emersonhyndman and Jon Toral combined wonderfully to score one of the best #SPFL goals of the weekend 👏 Goal of the Month contender? 🤔 pic.twitter.com/DnhreQhjvA — SPFL (@spfl) April 17, 2017
Check out the way he weaves his way through the defense like they are traffic cones and then lays off a perfect ball to teammate Jon Toral for the goal. With that, he's got four assists to go with his four goals in 12 appearances this season.
With the way Hyndman has been playing, the question is when he might finally get his first look with the USMNT under coach Bruce Arena. In all likelihood, Emerson will get consideration for this summer's Gold Cup, but Arena seems keen expand his player pool as the USMNT continues World Cup qualifying.
Look, no one is saying that the Scottish premiership is the pinnacle of soccer competition, but at the same time, Hyndman has been putting in some excellent performances. Not only has he shown a lot of quality and skill, but he has also shown confidence and the sort of aggressive mentality that the USMNT is surely looking for.
Since his debut for Rangers, he's been on fire, notching some lovely assists and goals along the way. His loan from Bournemouth couldn't be going any better, especially since before his debut, there was a question of how much time he'd get on the field for Rangers, and now he's unquestionably a starter.
Hyndman has already stated that his personal goal is to “be part of this U.S. team as quickly as possible,” and he is taking the right steps toward that.
MORE FROM FOX SOCCER
“It was a little bit like Henry Ford with cars – you can have any colour as long as it was black. Canada could have any pipeline it wanted as long as it was Trans Mountain.” John Ivison talks about how the Liberals got themselves into this mess, but might actually profit from the deal
The Congress on Saturday lashed out that BJP, accusing it of indulging in a political witch-hunt against opposition leaders in order to divert attention from its failures. The Congress leader said the BJP was using the investigative agencies as captive puppets.
The Congress on Saturday accused the ruling BJP of indulging in a political witch-hunt against opposition leaders in order to “divert attention” from its failures.”Political witch hunt, vendetta and malicious intent to seek revenge has blinded the Narendra Modi-led central government and the Manohar Lal Khattar-led state government in registering a series of criminal cases against Congress leaders across the country,” Congress leader Randeep Singh Surjewala told media here, a day after the CBI filed a charge sheet against former Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda in connection with a Rs 1,500 crore land deal case.
He said the case in which a charge sheet was filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation in a Haryana court was “false and fabricated” as the Manesar land was released on August 24, 2007, while the Khattar government filed the case after eight years against unnamed persons.”The charge sheet and false criminal cases being filed against the Congress leaders exposes the sinister hallmark of the Modi government's style of functioning,” Surjewala said.
Accusing the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of using the investigating agencies against opposition leaders, the Congress leader said, “It is being done to divert the attention of the public from the real issues and the failure of the BJP government across the country.”A similar charge sheet was filed against former Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh in a court by the Enforcement Directorate a few days ago.” The Congress leader said the BJP was using the investigative agencies as “captive puppets”. “The CBI has truly become the BJP's ‘Captive Bureau of Investigation',” he said. Surjewala said the Congress party and its leaders will fight the “conspiracies and the false cases” with full vigour.”We will not be cowed down nor back down against the obvious attempts at seeking revenge and vendetta,” Surjewala added.
MINNEAPOLIS — A city that's spawned a surprising number of terror suspects is hosting this year's Super Bowl, but local law enforcement officials say they're ready to protect Sunday's big game.
The Minneapolis-St. Paul area has been home to the third highest number of terror prosecutions in the U.S. since 9/11, behind only the much larger metropolitan regions of New York and Washington, D.C. Twelve Twin Cities residents have been charged with providing support to ISIS and 20 have been arrested for alleged support of the Somali terror group al Shabab in the past nine years. Between 2011 and 2014, 13 locals died fighting for al Shabab and ISIS, according to U.S intelligence officials.
ISIS has continually called for attacks on large-scale events and the possibility of someone hearing those calls is not lost on the FBI's Joe Rivers, who's in charge of terrorism investigations in Minneapolis.
The view from an FBI Blackhawk helicopter above Minneapolis and St. Paul. NBC News
Rivers says the FBI and local law enforcement are more concerned about the potential for lone wolves to attack with a vehicle or a firearm than a sophisticated operation. “I think we're more worried about the fact that an individual is inspired to potentially do something,” said Rivers, “and that they find the means and the mechanisms to go ahead and do that either on their own or with very little help.”
To prepare and respond to any potential incident the FBI says it has brought in 200 extra agents who are a part of 1,000 federal agents from multiple agencies composing the largest deployment in Super Bowl history. Minneapolis and other nearby police departments will add nearly 1,000 extra officers, for a total uniformed presence of 2,000.
The game between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles kicks off at about 6:30 p.m. at U.S. Bank Stadium in downtown Minneapolis, and features halftime performances by Justin Timberlake and Pink. The venue holds nearly 67,000 people.
Minneapolis Police Commander Scott Gerlicher, who is in charge of the city's Super Bowl security operation says, “There are no credible threats currently to the Super Bowl or any activities but there's a large group of people who are looking at that and monitoring that hour by hour.”
One of the tactics for thwarting any would-be terrorist, say law enforcement officials, is creating secure perimeters for the stadium and other public event spaces, and positioning Humvee-style trucks to prevent vehicle attacks.
A security officer with a K-9 partner stands watch at the Mall of America, site of the Super Bowl LII Media Center in Bloomington, Minnesota, on Jan. 28. Erik S. Lesser / EPA
Around the city and at Super Bowl events, said FBI Supervisory Special Agent Brandon Grant, state, local and federal bomb squad teams from across the region and the country are ready to respond to any suspicious package. Grant said that the teams have brought in 16 small x-ray devices, worth over $35,000 each, to deploy with technicians – the largest-ever such deployment of the technology.
The devices are designed to quickly scan a suspicious bag or item and produce an image of the contents on a handheld tablet. Grant said the compact size of the x-ray kits means technicians can hand-carry them in a crowd and get an image 10 times faster than older devices.
If someone simply forgot a bag in the crowd of thousands, said Grant, the bomb techs can address it and “just move on.”
In the air, the FBI will use Blackhawk helicopters equipped with infrared cameras to surveil key Super Bowl sites. The Blackhawks can also be used to move heavily armed agents to any potential attack site, or to evacuate injured people to local hospitals or triage centers.
The FBI says it isn't disclosing where the armed teams are situated but says they will be on standby leading up to and during the big game to respond to any crisis.
The Dolphins might consider leaving their running backs alone in practice until the start of the regular season.
Their best backs keep getting hurt.
Jay Ajayi — the NFL's fourth-leading rusher in 2016 — remains in the concussion protocol, and he might have gotten some company Monday.
Kenyan Drake went down after being on the receiving end of a flush, helmet-to-helmet hit from corner Torry McTyer during team drills. Drake stayed on the ground for a while before being helped to the locker room, at times using an athletic trainer as a crutch.
He did not return. Adam Gase had no immediate update on his status, but it appeared Drake suffered a head injury.
McTyer, an undrafted rookie trying to make the team, was remorseful after practice, and planned to go check on his teammate as soon as he got off the field.
“It wasn't really what it was supposed to be,” McTyer said. “I just wanted to fit him up. But the No. 1 thing is you always want to keep your guys safe. Whenever something like that happens, it's always an unfortunate thing. I hope he's OK.”
McTyer added: “It just kind of happened bang-bang. I never want to hurt anybody out here, especially in practice when guys are competing and making plays.”
Drake and Ajayi got hurt in similar ways — on hits from defensive backs. T.J. McDonald dinged Ajayi during the Dolphins' only full-contact practice two weeks ago, and Ajayi still has not been fully cleared.
And yet, even after this latest injury, Gase didn't seem keen on dialing back the intensity at practice.
“It's football,” Gase said. “That's why they have pads on.”
Added Damien Williams (one of the increasingly few healthy Dolphins running backs): “We just got to try to keep everybody safe as possible. It was kind of one of those, he wasn't expecting him to be as low. But at of the day, we're running backs. We've got to expect to be hit.”
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:30 Rubio talks about Venezuela vote Pause 0:48 Dolphins Williams to get more reps after training camp injuries 0:53 Coach Gase addresses McMillan's injury 1:02 Fins first-round draft picks talks playing in first NFL preseason game 1:02 Cameron Wake talks about the effort of the younger players 1:25 Jay Cutler on joining the Dolphins 0:45 Here's how social media reacted to Jay Cutler signing with the Dolphins 0:44 Gase likes what he sees from Cutler 4:37 Eclipsing the Sun 2:51 Venezuelan soldiers announce attempt to launch uprising against President Maduro Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Dolphins Williams to get more reps after training camp injuries Miami Dolphins running back Damien Williams will get more playing time after Kenyan Drake was knocked out of practice on Aug. 13, 2017. Charles Trainor Jr. Miami Herald
If Drake did indeed suffer a concussion, he'll be out for a bit. And it'll be yet another blow to a Dolphins roster that has been ravaged by injuries this summer.
The biggest loss: quarterback Ryan Tannehill, who's out until 2018 after tearing his ACL on a non-contact play in practice.
On the same day Tannehill went down, left guard Ted Larsen tore his biceps muscle and will be sidelined for months.
And then on Thursday, Raekwon McMillan — the Dolphins' projected starter at middle linebacker — mangled his right knee on his very first NFL snap.
In all, the Dolphins were without five projected starters at practice Monday: Tannehill, McMillan, Larsen, tight end Julius Thomas (back tightness), safety Nate Allen (groin).
Ajayi at least is making progress, even if he hasn't yet been cleared to play in Thursday's preseason game against the Ravens.
He was back at practice Tuesday after leaving the day before with dehydration, and went through 11-on-11 drills.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:30 Rubio talks about Venezuela vote Pause 0:48 Dolphins Williams to get more reps after training camp injuries 0:53 Coach Gase addresses McMillan's injury 1:02 Fins first-round draft picks talks playing in first NFL preseason game 1:02 Cameron Wake talks about the effort of the younger players 1:25 Jay Cutler on joining the Dolphins 0:45 Here's how social media reacted to Jay Cutler signing with the Dolphins 0:44 Gase likes what he sees from Cutler 4:37 Eclipsing the Sun 2:51 Venezuelan soldiers announce attempt to launch uprising against President Maduro Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Fins first-round draft picks talks playing in first NFL preseason game Miami Dolphins defensive end Charles Harris talks about his first-time playing in a NFL preseason game on Aug. 13, 2017. Charles Trainor Jr. Miami Herald
“He's getting back into the role,” Williams said of Ajayi. “It's been hot the last couple of days, and he's just getting back into it. But he's doing good, looking good. Hopefully he'll get back to where he left off.”
If neither Ajayi nor Drake can play Thursday, Williams is line for a long look. The Dolphins presumably still need to decide on who Ajayi's primary backup will be, and Williams could conceivably put some distance between himself and Drake with a solid night.
Storm Johnson, Senorise Perry and De'Veon Smith are the only other running backs on Miami's roster.
“My mind's set,” Williams said. “When I have seen that happen, first you think about your guys — go check on him, make sure he's all right — but at the end of the day, whoever's behind him has to step up.”
NEW YORK — A new book from Donald Trump's first wife pulls back the curtain on a tumultuous period of the president's life, including the messy divorce that was splashed across New York's tabloids for weeks.
Ivana Trump, who was married to the real estate magnate from 1977 to 1992, writes in “Raising Trump” that she knew her marriage was over soon after a day in December 1989.
“This young blonde woman approached me out of the blue and said ‘I'm Marla and I love your husband. Do you?”‘ writes Ivana Trump. “I said ‘Get lost. I love my husband.' It was unladylike but I was in shock.”
Trump's public affair with Marla Maples spawned the infamous “Best Sex I've Ever Had” headline in the New York Post in 1990. After divorcing his first wife, Trump married Maples in 1993.
“Raising Trump” is set to be released next week. The Associated Press purchased an early copy.
In the book, Ivana writes glowingly about her marriage to Trump and her prominent role at the Trump Organization. But then she unburdens herself about the heartache that Trump's affair with Maples caused her and the couple's three children, Donald Jr., Ivanka and Eric. Donald Jr. didn't speak to his father for a year after the split.
“I can only shake my head at how it insane it was,” Ivana Trump writes. “I couldn't turn on the television without hearing my name.”
But she and the president have returned to far warmer terms. She writes that they speak about once a week and that she encourages him to keep using Twitter.
She said in a CBS News interview this week that she was offered the post of ambassador to the Czech Republic, her native country, but turned it down because she already has “a perfect life.” The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the ambassadorship post.
Much of the book is spent recounting Ivana Trump's childhood in Europe, her burgeoning modeling career in New York and Trump's courtship. She writes that, at their first meeting, Trump secured her and friends a table at a hot Manhattan restaurant, paid the check and chauffeured her back to her hotel in a giant Cadillac.
“My instincts told me that Donald was smart and funny — an all-America good guy,” Ivana Trump writes.
Her children also contribute passages to the book, and Ivana Trump muses that her former husband may not be the only Trump to call the White House home.
“Maybe in fifteen years, she could run for president?” she writes about her daughter, Ivanka, before musing about her own possible title. “First Lady? Holds no appeal for me personally. First Mother? That could work.”
——
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
Gary B. King: Guest Columnist
I read through my Bible about every eleven months. On February 25, 2016, I started my fifty-first reading of the Scriptures and finished this past January 26, 2017. I promptly started my fifty-second reading the next day January 27, 2017, and I anticipate finishing around December of this year.
I am not bragging or trying to set a record. George Mueller said he read through his Bible over 200 times in his lifetime. I am an avid reader because I like to read, and the Bible is the book I like to read most. The reason I am writing about this is I want people to know reading through the Bible in a year is doable.
I read about five chapters every morning Monday though Friday. My longest time reading is when I get to Psalms 116 through 120, because Psalm 119 is the longest chapter in the Bible with 176 verses. It takes me a little over twenty-two minutes reading leisurely. My average daily reading time is only about twelve minutes.
My point is it does not take a great commitment of time to read through the Scriptures. It only takes a little discipline. So why do I continually read through the Bible? That is a fair question.
First, I do it for me. Paul told Timothy, “Be diligent to present yourself approved to God as a workman who does not need to be ashamed, accurately handling the word of truth,” 2 Timothy 2:15. I like knowing firsthand what I believe and why I believe it. I do not like to depend on hearsay for something so important.
Like most of us ,I'm forgetful. I have heard enough people replace their memory of what the Bible says with their imagination, and I don't want to be one of them. My memory needs refreshing probably more than most, so my daily reading is a great reminder of what is true.
I also find my attention drawn to details or specifics in my reading that I overlooked before. And as I mature in Christ, passages that were once difficult to understand become clearer. Thinking about what I read helps me to slow down life's pace, because reading and thinking breed patience.
Reading the Scriptures daily helps me keep a divine perspective of life and history as events unfold. We so often see events through the lens of time and God sees all things through the lens of eternity, and we need this eternal perspective so that we do not lose our way in time. We can become baffled if we fixate on our own snapshot in time unless we see it blended into the backdrop of eternity.
I have said that common sense is not as common as it once was. Common sense is, in a manner of speaking, another term for wisdom, and the Word of God is loaded with sensible wisdom.
And last, but I am positive is least, I am a real whiz at Bible Trivia.
Gary B. King welcomes comments or questions and can be reached at garybkingcc@gmail.com. Christian Concepts are archived at gbkcc.com.
In a story Feb. 1 about a U.S. Army warning on the dangers of vaping synthetic cannabinoid oil, The Associated Press, based on an incorrect news release, reported erroneously that two Marines had died. The U.S. Army Public Health Center now says it has not been able to confirm any deaths. The story also erroneously reported that 33 troops in Utah experienced serious medical problems. Utah public health officials say they have had 40 reports involving members of the public, not the military. The incorrect information has been deleted.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Army: 60 hospitalizations blamed on vaping oils
A rash of military personnel stationed in North Carolina have been hospitalized for issues believed to have been caused by vaping oils
JACKSONVILLE, N.C. (AP) — The U.S. Army is warning about the dangers of vaping synthetic cannabinoid oil after about 60 soldiers and Marines in North Carolina experienced serious medical problems in January.
In a Monday public health alert, the U.S. Army Public Health Center said military personnel have suffered headaches, nausea, vomiting, palpitations, dilated pupils, dizziness, agitation and seizures. All these symptoms are associated with synthetic cannabinoids.
Army regulations ban the use of so-called CBD oil or any products derived from marijuana, so some soldiers are using synthetic replacement oil.
Public Health Center spokeswoman Chanel S. Weaver tells The Fayetteville Observer that stopping this trend is a "top priority."
It's the start of a new week and I hope that my post from Friday was enough to tide you over the Easter holiday. If you're feeling a bit sluggish today, then maybe some of these apps will help jazz you up as the day begins to wind down. Both free and cheap apps are below for your perusal.
And as always, the free apps will remain in your library unless you uninstall them within the Play Store's refund window. It's just like buying an app in that regard. And the time remaining on the sales are accurate at the time of this writing.
Free
Apps
Games
Icon packs and themes
Cheap
Apps
Games
Live wallpapers, a feature of Android that lets you set an animated or interactive scene as your phone's background, are a great way to spruce up an otherwise static home screen. While the first crop tended to suffer from technical shortcomings such as excessive battery drain and poor performance, live wallpapers have come a long way in the time since.
More: Customize your Android phone with the best launchers, lock screens, and more
The newest offerings are eye-catching and lush, providing fluid and attractive backgrounds that feature everything from simple textures to quirky spaceships that quietly chug through the void of space. Here are our picks for the best free live wallpapers for Android so you can spice up your smartphone or tablet backdrop without having to dip into your wallet.
Setting live wallpapers
Before you see what beautiful backgrounds Android's developer community has to offer, you should know how to apply them. Luckily, the process isn't challenging. The first step is installing a live wallpaper (or several) from the Google Play Store. Once that's done, you're nearly home free.
Step 1: Press and hold on any home screen.
Step 2: Tap Wallpapers in the resulting menu.
Step 3: Tap Live Wallpapers.
Step 4: Select a live wallpaper from the resulting list.
Step 5: Tap the gear icon in the upper-left corner to adjust the live wallpaper's settings.
Step 6: Tap Set Wallpaper to set the live wallpaper as your background.
High School Allows ‘Shooting At Trump' As An Option On Multiple Choice Test
I've had it with the lunatic left that is in charge of teaching our children the life skills (or not) that they need to be able to make it in the world. They are spectacularly irresponsible and are attempting to brainwash our children into sharing their contempt for Republicans, conservatives, and President Donald Trump.
Teton County School District has come under fire after one of their teachers issued a test in which it was possible to select “shooting at Trump” as an answer. Parents are upset by the pervasiveness of politics in the lives of their children, especially when it's so negative and dangerously hateful.
Teton County School District No. 1 has now confirmed that the online quiz had been administered by one of their teachers using their secure learning management system, and that it had been removed.
Jim McCollum is one of the parents who have voiced concern about the question, which started when his son came home and showed him a screenshot of the question and answers.
The question and answers read as follows, for those who may not be able to translate the above image.
“Napoleon has the gun fired for a new occasion. What is the new occasion?”
“He was shooting at Trump”
“His birthday”
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
“The the completion of the windmill”
“To scare off the attackers of Animal Farm”
The district issued a statement on the controversial question, indicating that they are investigating the incident.
“TCSD #1 administration learned late yesterday that a quiz was administered to a class of high school students that contained an inappropriate answer to a multiple choice question,” it read. “Administration is investigating this incident and verifying the information we have received.
“TCSD #1 takes seriously threats of any kind, regardless of the intent,” it continued. We apologize to the students, families and community for this incident and will be addressing the issue with personnel.”
The father made it clear that he's not asking for the teacher to be fired following the incident. He simply wants accountability and is looking for teachers to be less biased in the future.
“I'm not looking to get rid of anyone's position,” he stated. “Heck, I've done and said enough dumb things throughout my life.”
He also said that in the wake of the Las Vegas shooting, this was extremely irresponsible.
“The Las Vegas thing still weights on us,” he concluded. “We are absolutely devastated. Just like any other American, we are devastated by what happened.”
This was a terrible idea and the hope the teacher is held responsible.
Liverpool's Premier League fixtures announced
Liverpool starts the 2017/18 Premier League season with an away trip to Watford, it has been confirmed.
The Premier League fixtures have been announced this morning and show that the Reds will travel to Vicarage Road for their opener on August 12.
The first Merseyside derby of the season comes on December 9, when the Reds host neighbours Everton at Anfield. The return fixture is scheduled to take place at Goodison Park on April 7.
Fierce rivals Manchester United visit Anfield on October 14, with the Reds travelling to Old Trafford on March 10.
Liverpool is at home to Swansea City on Boxing Day. They end the season at Anfield against newly promoted Brighton and Hove Albion, who are managed by Jurgen Klopp's mate David Wagner, on May 13. A week earlier they will have faced champions Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in what could be a decisive end of season clash.
All dates are subject to change for broadcast coverage.
After he randomly showed up at a food truck in Australia looking super handsome and serving up tasty eats we thought we couldn't love Jeff Goldblum more. Until today! Decca Records has announced that Goldblum will release his debut album, a jazz record, later this year.
The story goes, Universal execs saw Goldblum playing piano for Gregory Porter on the Graham Norton show last year and then immediately flew to LA to talk to the veteran actor about releasing an album.
﻿
Tom Lewis, the director of A&R for Decca Records, said “As far as I can tell, everyone loves Jeff Goldblum. It's like a universal truth. We are delighted to welcome him to Decca. He's a fantastic jazz pianist, a great band leader and just about the loveliest man in the world.”
We couldn't agree more.
Northside offensive lineman Ham Williams (74) and the Eagles face rival Warner Robins on Friday night at McConnell-Talbert Stadium. Jason Vorhees jvorhees@macon.com
A woman was shot dead at this medical office in Bedford on Tuesday. (Source: Sharon Yoo/WAVE 3 News)
Timothy Riddle is wanted in connection with the shooting death of a woman at a Trimble County medical office.
BEDFORD, KY (WAVE) - The man accused of killing a woman at a Trimble County doctor's office is now in custody.
>> MUGSHOTS: February 2017 Roundup
Police said Timothy Riddle, 45, entered First You Medical on Alexander Avenue in Bedford just before noon Tuesday and shot 38-year-old Lora Cable. She was pronounced dead at the scene.
WAVE 3 News' Jobina Fortson confirmed at 6:30 p.m. that Riddle had just been taken into custody.
Police have not confirmed the relationship between Riddle and Cable, but Cable's family members said Riddle is her ex-boyfriend.
Epheriam Williams, who lives close to the medical center, said he walked in the office and found Cable's body after hearing some information on the radio.
"It's my doctor's office so I walked over there," Williams said. "I looked behind the counter."
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Homicide victim identified, turned 18 on Monday
+ Man surrenders, confesses to shooting
+ Police: Man trespassed, damaged UofL stadium
He added that Cable was always friendly when he saw her, even outside of the medical office.
"She was just a nice girl, you know, real kind, always greeted you at the door, greeted on your way out the door, you know?" Williams said. "I just don't understand why it happened like this.
"It was sad that this guy did that to her, boyfriend or husband, ex-husband or whatever. He needs to be prosecuted for it for sure."
Riddle is from Milton, Ky., as was Cable.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Bremen Fire Department said one man was killed in the house fire and a young boy was flown to the hospital. (WFIE)
One person was killed and a young boy was flown to Vanderbilt Hospital after a house fire early Saturday.
Bremen Fire Department told our reporter at the scene a man died from the fire in the 3600 block of KY-2551. Muhlenberg County Central Dispatch says the call came in at 7:30 a.m. Saturday.
This is what's left of a home in Bremen, KY that caught fire this morning. Dispatch confirms that the call came in at 7:31 am. Bremen Fire Department responded to the 3600 block of KY 2551. Crews are no longer on scene. @14News @Chellsie14News pic.twitter.com/7pDRmOdhO1 — Kate O'Rourke (@Kate14News) February 3, 2018
The cause of the fire has not been determined at this time.
Bremen Fire confirms one man died in that fire. A young boy made it out. He was flown to Vanderbilt Hospital. We have no word on his condition at this time. Names have not been released yet either. Investigators are still working to determine the cause. @14News @Chellsie14News pic.twitter.com/r7m5zwhD8L — Kate O'Rourke (@Kate14News) February 3, 2018
We will update this story with more information when it becomes available.
Follow us online at 14NEWS.com and on Twitter. Click here to download our 14 News mobile app to get breaking news alerts and the latest headlines from around the Tri-State.
Copyright 2018 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Just over 1 percent of all returns are likely fraudulent, according to estimates from a 2017 survey of retailers by the National Retail Federation — but that's a large enough number that stores now scan your driver's license when you want to make a return, in order to look up your transaction history and see whether you should be allowed to make the return.
Among their scams, fraudsters sometimes will swap UPC codes between a higher price and a lower price item and cash in on the difference. Or they'll scour parking lots and garbage for high-value receipts, then shoplift the item off the shelf and try to return it.
Retailers say they're just trying to clamp down on the $22.8 billion lost each year in fraudulent returns —but consumers say they've been unfairly caught up in the dragnet.
Recently, Jake Zakhar posted on Twitter after he was flagged trying to return three cellphone cases he 'd bought as gifts. He had bought them as extra colors for his sons and thought he'd be fine as long as he returned them within the 90-day return policy. But when he tried to make the return, the salesperson told him that he'd been banned from making any returns or exchanges for a full year.
The clerk directed him to request his report from The Retail Equation. When he did so it only listed the three cellphone cases, worth a total of around $87. He asked the firm for the ban to be lifted and was declined. An appeal to Best Buy was referred back to the third-party company.
Is this really excessive @BestBuy ? 3 total exchanges account for $87.43. I suppose losing me who just spent 5k on appliances over 3 cell phone cases is worth it. Banned from returns for a year. You lost a high dollar purchaser permanently over your lame system. #tresucks pic.twitter.com/Uf5N0renY2 — Jake Zakhar (@jakez_oc) January 24, 2018
"I suppose losing me who just spent $5,000 on appliances over 3 cell phone cases is worth it," he tweeted. "Banned from returns for a year. You lost a high dollar purchaser permanently over your lame system."
“On very rare occasions — less than one-tenth of one percent of returns — we stop what we believe is a fraudulent return,” Carly Charlson of Best Buy told NBC News. “Fraud is a real problem in retail, but if our systems aren't as good as they can be, we apologize to anyone inappropriately affected.”
Stephen Holmes, a spokesman for Home Depot, which also uses The Retail Equation, said the store only uses the service when customers attempt to return without a receipt.
"Returns fraud is also often the work of organized retail crime rings, thus funding serious crimes," Holmes told NBC News, including "feeding the opioid epidemic."
In 2011 a Best Buy customer sued for violating a privacy law after his ID was scanned by Best Buy for a return. He asked the manager to delete the information but the suit says he was refused. His suit was eventually tossed out.
Stores say they have posted warnings on signs at checkout and disclaimers on receipts to warn shoppers about the return policy caveats.
Since finishing college 11 years ago, secondary school teacher Tomas Seale has been based in Dublin, travelling home to Roscommon for the majority of the year for club and county hurling commitments.
With Roscommon getting together well before Christmas and Padraig Pearses "always in and around the mix" until autumn, the 32-year-old spends at least 10 months of the year travelling twice-a-week back home for training, with games most weekends.
He has two different carpools, depending on whether it is Roscommon or Pearses duty, but the routine is similar. Meet at Lucan at 5pm, back home shortly before midnight twice a week, with a match usually at the weekends.
The three-hour round journey (about 320km) is made with the blessing of his understanding wife and young child at home.
"You'd always have the pull to go home. Lots of other players are doing it right around the country," he observes as the road mileage continues to rise on the clock.
While he has experienced some joyous days for Roscommon – most recently victory in the Nicky Rackard Cup two years ago – he has yet to get his hands on a county title.
Seale in action against Down in the Christy RIng Cup clash earlier this year
Now Seale is just 60 minutes away from correcting that, but the adage that opposites attract couldn't be any more apt ahead of the county's hurling showpiece.
In Connacht hurling's hinterland, kingpins Four Roads are going for their 33rd county title, seeking to make amends for last year's final defeat.
Oran bucked the recent trend and overcame the Black and Amber 12 months ago in a replay, denying Four Roads an incredible ninth successive success.
In the other corner stands Pearses, who unlike their esteemed opponents, are a dual club. When it comes to final heartache, the south Roscommon club put Mayo footballers in the shade.
Formed in 1962, the club contested its first senior football final the following year, the first of seven finals. The wait for a win continues, losing the 2015 and 2016 deciders.
Pearses and Four Roads in action during the 2015 county final
In hurling, two county titles in 1984 and 1987 are the high points, though they have tasted the bitter pill of final defeat on eight occasions. Since 2006, they have lost seven deciders, four of which to Sunday's opponents.
For a county with few senior hurling teams – there are just seven senior clubs competing in Roscommon – it is a most disappointing return.
"We've been knocking on the door for some time now. That's why we are up and down the road. It gets harder as you get older, but the goal is there," says Seale.
Four Roads have won both games against Pearses this year, but the one-point league win and four-point winning margin in the early Championship clash would suggest another close encounter.
Final score from the Hurling semi final. pic.twitter.com/bFPS73X5bR — Padraig Pearses (@PearsesRossies) September 16, 2017
Pearse's semi-final win over Oran, conquerors of Four Roads in last year's final has given the underdogs plenty of room for optimism, while their U21 team have claimed four county titles in a row.
Of the team that started the semi-final, six were part of this year's U21 side, 11 have tasted success at that age group since 2014.
County bragging rights are one thing, but a tilt at provincial silverware is an entirely different matter for whoever emerges victorious.
The Connacht senior club hurling championship was wound up a decade ago because of a lack of competition. In its 37 years of existence, Galway clubs failed to win on just three occasions, and one of them was a walkover.
Four Roads' unexpected success in 1988 when they shocked Abbeyknockmoy was the exception to the rule; the average winning margin in the last decade of the competition was more than 17 points, with Mayo clubs also feeling the brunt of heaving beatings.
Change was inevitable.
Since 2007, the champions of Roscommon and Mayo compete in the Connacht Intermediate Championship .
The result has been more competitive hurling, yet the finals have followed a similar pattern; a Galway club has won every edition of the competition since the revamp.
"We have been very competitive at different stages, but you would need a Galway side to have a bit of an off day."
"It's county first, but it's always in the back of your mind to try and go further, that's the ambition," says Four Roads team manager and club secretary Padraig Mannion.
"We have gone close on a few occasions, injuries might have caught up with us and we just haven't been able to get over the line."
Work is being done to readdress the balance.
Mannion says programmes have been put in place in the schools to improve standards, while Pearses are reaping the rewards of underage success.
"You can see our players improving, but you see underage players in Galway clubs improving at a faster rate," says Pearses secretary John Mulvhill.
It is a point echoed by his Four Roads counterpart Mannion.
"There are more volunteers and children getting involved in the last 15 years. The skill level has definitely improved, but it's always catch up as other teams are improving too."
Roscommon hurlers celebrate winning the Nicky Rackard Cup in 2015
Having soldiered with Roscommon for so long, Seale admits that getting the most talented players to commit to the county has been a challenge. The rivalries, no different to other counties but possibly more obvious with only seven clubs, have impacted the inter-county set-up.
For now however it is all about the club, and inter-county issues will retreat to the background when the ball is thrown in at 3pm next Sunday in Athleague.
Four Roads may be the big fish in the small pond in Roscommon hurling, but Pearses are hopeful of finally getting over the line on the big day.
Regardless of who emerges victorious, the winner will be swimming in shark infested waters for a shot at provincial glory.
Roscommon SHC final, Four Roads v Padraig Pearses, Athleague, 3pm
Stephanie Coker Releases More Photos From Her Wedding
Media personality, Stephanie Coker who got married over the weekend took to her social media page to share more photos from the joyous event. Recall that the media personality's wedding was well attended by celebrities including Tiwa Savage, Tunji ‘TeeBillz' Balogun, Ehiz, Toke Makinwa and others. However, Tiwa Savage's photo with her husband, TeeBillz at…
The post Stephanie Coker Releases More Photos From Her Wedding appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
1:30
Dale Earnhardt Jr shares some of his favorite memories as his NASCAR racing career draws to an end
Now that Will and Kate's third child has finally arrived, royal fans have just one question: What is the the baby's name?
Well, according to journalist Rebecca English, a reporter asked Prince William's aunt, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, that very question. She responded, "The jury's out on that one. I don't know, we're all just going to have to wait and see."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
She also reportedly added, "I'm thrilled for them all, it's lovely - really good news."
....'The Jury's out on that one. I don't know, we're all just going to have to wait and see.'
Sorry!
The always charming Sophie, who was on a visit to the Tregolls School in Truro, Cornwall, added: 'I'm thrilled for them all, it's lovely - really good news.' #royalbaby — Rebecca English (@RE_DailyMail) April 24, 2018
As Victoria Arbiter told Town & Country earlier this month, it is tradition for royals to wait to share the names of their children publicly. "The reasoning is perhaps twofold. On one hand there's a desire to inform the families before a public declaration is made and any new parent appreciates having a little private time to get to know their new addition before the onslaught of announcements," she said.
"Royals, however, also have to consider the great responsibility in naming a new member of the family and I expect they want to be a hundred percent certain of their choice before announcing the name and sealing the baby's place in history."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announced Prince George and Princess Charlotte's names two days after they were born, so here's hoping we hear some news on that front Wednesday morning.
Kate and her newborn are reportedly in good health. They're starting to receive visitors, like Aunt Pippa, at Kensington Palace today.
VACANCIES
The following vacancies exist in a reputable textile manufacturing and garment company in Lagos.
GENERAL MANAGER
Prospective candidate must have the following
(a) Qualification: First degree in any relevant field.
(b) Age: 30 – 60 years
(c) Experience: At least 10 years with 5 years in Managerial capacity in the textile industry in Nigeria.
Must understand the textile market segmentation and dynamics in Nigeria.
Incentives:
(i) Company car and driver
(ii) Accommodation allowance
(iii) Salary: negotiable
SALES / MARKETING MANAGER
(a) Qualification: First degree in social sciences.
(b) Age: 30 – 50 years.
(c) Experience: 8 years and 3 years in Managerial capacity.
Job is target driven. Must have the ability to drive an aggressive sales team that will largely be commission based.
Incentives:
Incentives:
(i) Company car and driver
(ii) Accommodation allowance
(iii) Salary: negotiable
SUPERVISOR TEXTILE PROCESSING PLANT
(a) Qualifications: Diploma in Polymer and Textile
(b) Age: 25 – 35 years
(c) Experience: Must be expert in processing of knitted fabric with minimum of 6 years experience.
Salary negotiable
ACCOUNTANT
(a) Qualification: HND in Accounting and very proficient in Accounting software
(b) Age: 25 –35years
IT PERSONNEL
(a) Qualification: OND in computer science, capable of managing our software.
(b) Age: 23 – 35years
Interested applicants must forward their curriculum vitae along with a cover letter detailing specific job sought with a passport photograph to
Human Resource:
unigwejennifer@gmail.com OR olujay79@gmail.com
not later than two weeks from the date of this publication. Please note that only shortlisted candidate will be contacted.
The post VACANCIES appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Miami Marlins outfielder Ichiro Suzuki made a leaping catch in the bottom of the eighth inning to rob Taylor Motter.
More FOX Sports Florida Videos Goran Dragic says the Heat need to improve ball movement Erik Spoelstra on playoff chase: ‘I love our guys going through this right now' Full Timeout: Miami Heat's Tyler Johnson Rays' Jake Odorizzi vs. Yankees' CC Sabathia on Tuesday Florida Midday Minute: Rays, Magic, Lightning in action Tuesday Mackenzie Weegar on first NHL game: ‘Everybody made me feel really comfortable out there' More FOX Sports Florida Videos
OAKLAND, Calif. — The next earned run Oakland A's right-hander Andrew Triggs allows will be his first this season.
Triggs will take a 2-0 record and 0.00 ERA into his third start, a matchup against Texas Rangers ace Yu Darvish on Tuesday night at the Oakland Coliseum.
Triggs has spent most of his pro career as a relief pitcher, but he made six starts for the A's last season and won a spot in their rotation this year with a strong spring training. He has allowed eight hits and one unearned run over 11 2/3 innings this season with four strikeouts and four walks.
“I like it a lot,” Triggs said of starting. “If you want to split hairs going all the way back to high school, I've started longer than I have relieved. But yeah, it's sort of dusting off old routines and old habits. I'm enjoying it a lot. It's been fun so far, and just got to keep things rolling.”
Darvish, who missed the 2015 season while recovering from Tommy John surgery, is off to a strong start. He is 1-1 with a 2.33 ERA in three starts. Darvish has 19 strikeouts and 10 walks in 19 1/3 innings.
In his last start on Thursday, in an 8-3 victory against the Los Angeles Angels, Darvish allowed five hits over seven shutout innings and struck out 10.
“I had a sharp, good slider today,” Darvish told MLB.com after the victory. “It was breaking a lot early, I had to just aim it better.”
Darvish is 47-31 with a 3.26 ERA in 103 career major league starts. He has 831 strikeouts and 259 walks in 665 innings, but for some reason, he typically struggles against the A's.
Darvish is 3-10 with a 4.43 ERA in 15 starts against the A's. He is 1-3 with a 5.72 ERA at the Coliseum, though he beat the A's in his last start in Oakland on Sept. 24. He threw seven shutout innings in a 5-0 victory, allowing two hits while striking out nine.
Darvish held the A's to one run and four hits over six innings on April 8 at Arlington but took the loss in a 6-1 defeat.
Triggs is 0-0 with a 1.35 ERA in two appearances against the Rangers, including a start on Aug. 16 at Texas last season. He held the Rangers to one run on two hits over 5 2/3 innings but got a no-decision in a 5-4 A's loss.
The's placed right-hander Kendall Graveman (strained right shoulder) on the 10-day disabled list Monday and recalled catcher Bruce Maxwell from Triple-A Nashville. Graveman joined right-hander Sonny Gray (strained right shoulder) on the DL. Little did the A's know that Triggs would become such an important piece of their pitching staff.
“I was preparing as a starter through spring,” Triggs said. “That was my plan. If they said, ‘Hey, we have a different thing in mind,' I would have said, ‘Great.' If they said, ‘Jump,' I'd say, ‘How high?' That was the position I was in, but I came in and prepared as a starter. That was my mindset and what I wanted to do.”
The Rangers have their own injury problems. Closer Sam Dyson was placed on the 10-day disabled list Monday due to a right hand contusion, and he likely will go on a rehab stint once his hand heals. Right-hander Matt Bush will take the bulk of Dyson's role in the ninth inning, but Rangers manager Jeff Banister said he would share the load. Right-hander Keone Kela, who was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock, is another option.
Dyson is 0-3 with a 27.00 ERA and three blown saves, but Banister said he hasn't lost faith in him.
“This is more about getting the hand right,” Banister said. “We need Sam to get back up here. He's a huge part of this bullpen.”
The Rangers opened the three-game series Monday night with a 7-0 victory, ending their three-game losing streak and handing Oakland its fourth consecutive loss.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what's going on around Wales.
A recent University of Arizona graduate, Duarte was part of the Sigma Kappa sorority, Robert C. Robbins, the president of the university said in a statement.
“I know I speak for the UA community in expressing our deepest condolences for Christiana's family and in asking for their privacy to be respected,” Robbins added.
By Abby Hassler
Justin Bieber took to social media today (August 14) to announce he will be dropping a new single this Thursday.
Related: Justin Bieber Politely Warns Paparazzi to ‘Stay Clear' of His Moving Vehicle
The “Sorry” singer posted the cover art for the new track “Friends,” which features a collaboration with Bloodpop (aka producer/songwriter Michael Tucker). This announcement comes after Bieber canceled the rest of his Purpose world tour last month.
Check out the post below.
The Denver Broncos have confirmed that Gary Kubiak is stepping down as head coach - less than a year after leading them to victory in Super Bowl 50.
It was reported following Sunday's 24-6 win over the Oakland Raiders that Kubiak had told his players he was leaving, and confirmation of the 55-year-old's departure was made official by Denver on Monday.
Kubiak, who has spent 22 years with the Broncos during his career including nine as a quarterback, said in a statement: "As I told our team last night, this is an extremely difficult decision to step down as head coach.
"I love to work and I love football, but ultimately the demands of the job are no longer a good fit for me.
"I gave everything I had to this team the last two seasons but this year, in particular, has been tough on me. As hard as it is to leave this position, I know that it's the best thing for myself, my family and the Denver Broncos.
"I'm not sure what my future holds, but I know that I'll always consider myself a Bronco."
Kubiak, who suffered a complex migraine on October 9 and previously collapsed during a match while in charge of the Houston Texans in 2013, was appointed Denver coach in January 2015 and led them to a 24-10 win over the Carolina Panthers in last February's Super Bowl.
This campaign has not gone so well, however, with Denver missing out on the post-season after winning nine of 16 matches.
Kubiak is the latest NFL coach to leave their post in recent weeks.
San Francisco fired both general manager Trent Baalke and coach Chip Kelly after the 49ers' 25-23 loss to the Seattle Seahawks, while San Diego Chargers coach Mike McCoy was also dismissed on Sunday evening following a 37-27 defeat to the Kansas City Chiefs as the traditional 'Black Monday' firing season kicked into gear early.
Those departures came after Jeff Fisher (Los Angeles Rams), Gus Bradley (Jacksonville Jaguars) and Rex Ryan (Buffalo Bills) were all fired in the past few weeks.
MONTREAL — Celine Charbonneau knows what it's like to feel pain.
For about 10 years she lived with considerable pain in her legs after an unsuccessful operation for a birth defect.
Charbonneau, who is now president of a Quebec association that represents people with chronic pain, took opioids during that period, including Duragesic.
“It's the equivalent of fentanyl,” she said in an interview Wednesday.
Charbonneau, who stopped consuming them in 2010, said she never felt judged when she mentioned in conversation she was taking the drug.
“But this was in the 2000s and there was no opiate crisis yet,” she said. “Had I experienced this after 2010, I'm convinced the outlook would be quite different.”
Charbonneau was speaking on the same day a study was released on the perceptions of 1,097 Quebecers and 307 British Columbians when it comes to the consumption of opioids among people who suffer from chronic pain.
The survey was conducted by the research council affiliated with the Centre hospitalier de l'Universite de Montreal between January and April.
Among the Quebec respondents, 551 took opioids, 149 had stopped taking them within the past year and 397 had not taken them at all.
Of current consumers, 19 per cent had seen their doses diminish between 2010 and this year for various reasons, including secondary effects and lesser pain levels.
For comparative reasons, the researchers surveyed 294 participants from each province whose profile was similar in terms of age, gender and the duration of their pain.
They found that 26 per cent of the British Columbian sample had been advised by their doctor to stop taking opioids, compared with 14 per cent of the Quebec sample.
The percentage of patients who had not used opioids in the past year was significantly higher in Quebec (37 per cent) than in British Columbia (25 per cent).
And respondents from both provinces said they felt media coverage of the opioid crisis projects a bad image of people who take them because of chronic pain.
“Many prejudices persist with regard to this type of medication, and they contribute to unduly categorizing people who suffer from chronic pain,” said lead researcher Manon Choiniere.
Charbonneau, for one, has had to address her past use in conversation.
“I have to explain to people why it was like that and why it was beneficial in my case,” she said.
Spurs star Danny Rose subject of Shanghai SIPG approach
A post shared by Tottenham Hotspur (@spursofficial) on Jan 12, 2017 at 10:06am PST
Tottenham Hotspur left-back Danny Rose has turned down the offer of a £14.5m-a-year deal at Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG, according to The Sun .
The England international, aged 26, was reportedly the target of a big-money approach from the Chinese outfit, who are coached by former Spurs boss Andre Villas Boas and signed Oscar from Chelsea last month.
Spurs were apparently prepared to part company with Rose for a fee of around £38m.
But Rose rejected the opportunity to earn £285,000-a-week after tax in favour of staying at White Hart Lane to help Spurs push for silverware.
He is thought to earn a relatively meagre £30,000-a-week before tax at present, but was keen to remain part of Mauricio Pochettino's Spurs project.
Rose joined Spurs from Leeds United in a £1m deal in July 2007. He has since made 141 appearances for the north London side and has established himself as a regular starter for the past four seasons.
The solution GOP leaders have been moving toward on parallel tracks is to put Trump on the campaign trail early and with more consistency than his predecessors while McConnell forces Democrats to choose between quickly confirming a spate of his nominees or spending valuable campaign time in Washington.
"Is that a win-win? Looks like one to me," said Josh Holmes, a former McConnell chief of staff who remains close to the majority leader. "The White House has been pretty focused with the political plans for the president. From a Senate Republicans standpoint, we're elated by that."
Republicans on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue say that while the two pieces fit together — and there has been some coordination on both the Senate floor schedule and Trump's travel plans — the emerging strategy has been more a function of reacting to circumstances than a grand plan.
Trump likes to campaign, and McConnell's been getting pressure from some of his GOP colleagues to keep Democrats occupied in Washington rather than giving them leave to talk to voters.
A group of nearly one dozen senators last week wrote a letter to McConnell asking him to keep the Senate in session for some or all of August to work on nominations and appropriations bills. Sen. David Perdue, R-Ga., said that he has had multiple conversations with McConnell about it. "I think there's some receptivity to that," Perdue said.
McConnell told reporters last Tuesday that he'd have an announcement about the recess in the "near future."
In recent weeks, Trump has visited Michigan and Indiana for campaign-style rallies under the auspices of his 2020 re-election bid. On Tuesday, he's scheduled to hit the stump in Tennessee, where Republican Marsha Blackburn is running for Senate. One GOP source says that he's been heavily focused on the midterms — voraciously absorbing data about the state of each race — after the embarrassments of party defeats in an Alabama Senate special election in December and a Pennsylvania House special election in March.
The source said Trump is expected to make about one campaign trip a week from now until the midterms, and his vice president already has filled his own calendar with a combination of political rallies, fundraisers, and public events tied to a nonprofit policy arm of the Trump campaign apparatus.
The emerging strategy: Trump hits the trail, as McConnell tries to keep Senate Dems off it. Leah Millis / Reuters
That said, sources around Trump acknowledge it isn't always easy to keep him focused.
"How did our strategy to travel across the country and talk about infrastructure turn out?" one said.
Earlier this month, Pence held a public event and a private fundraiser for Senate GOP nominees Mike Braun of Indiana, Josh Hawley of Missouri and Jim Renacci of Ohio in Indianapolis, one of a string of events he's hit as he barnstorms the country this spring.
Amid reports of tension between their teams about the vice president's political activity — with some in the president's circle worried that the No. 2 was doing too much for himself — Trump's first campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, joined Pence's political action committee as a senior adviser, where, according to PAC co-founder Marty Obst, he "focuses on providing guidance on key battleground midterm races, helping to ensure the president and vice president are maximizing their political travel, and assisting in early preparations for the 2020 re-election effort."
Pence nodded to Lewandowski and Trump 2020 campaign manager Brad Parscale as "really special people" during his remarks to donors in Indiana earlier this month, and vowed that Republicans would buck the historical trend of the president's party losing seats in Congress in the midterm votes following his first election.
"We threw out the playbook in 2016, and we're going to throw it out in 2018 when we expand our Republican majorities in the House and the Senate," he said, according to a person who was in the room.
It appears that the one-two punch of Trump and Pence on the campaign trail with McConnell holding the Senate in session is a strategy that has developed from the various goals of top Republican players — and the reality that many more Democratic incumbents are defending seats than are their GOP counterparts.
White House legislative affairs director Marc Short has discussed the Senate strategy with Trump's outside allies, according to sources who spoke to NBC News on the condition of anonymity because the conversations were private.
Trump and McConnell have long been under friendly pressure from Senate experts to fill the Senate floor schedule because of the partisan imbalance in the number of Democratic and Republican incumbents who face re-election this year. Democrats are defending 26 of the 35 seats up in 2018, and Democratic Sens. Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Bill Nelson of Florida and Joe Manchin of West Virginia are all in "tossup" races, according to prognosticators at the Cook Political Report.
Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada is the only Republican incumbent on the ballot this year, while the party is trying to keep two open seats in its hands — those held by retiring Sens. Jeff Flake of Arizona and Bob Corker of Tennessee.
Right now, Republicans hold a 51-49 majority in the Senate.
McConnell's mission: craft a calendar that helps Republicans hold on to the majority — and fills as many judicial slots as possible, in case they don't. Alex Brandon / AP
If McConnell fills the summer and fall with votes on Trump's nominees, Republicans will end up with a more conservative judiciary, the ability to cast Democrats as obstructionists — a favorite talking point of Trump and Pence on the campaign trail — or both.
And McConnell wants as many judges as possible confirmed in case the Republican midterm strategy falls short, with the GOP losing control of the Senate in November — and with it, the ability to push through nominations.
Democratic leadership has downplayed the idea that a packed Senate calendar could leave lawmakers scrambling. "I think we're going to have plenty of time to get done what we need to be done if everyone cooperates," Schumer said.
Others say a strategy that keeps Trump on the trail could be a knockout punch — for the opposition. "As a Democrat, this works for me," Jim Manley, a former Senate Democratic leadership aide, said of Trump's eagerness to campaign. "The more Trump is on the road, the better off my party will do in November."
Manley said the benefits to the GOP will be limited and Democratic voters will be energized by seeing Trump on the political battlefield.
"First of all there are only so many states and districts he can go to — because many Republicans don't want to have anything to do with him," he said. "Beyond that, I can only assume Republican strategists are betting that this is a good way to fire up the Republican base. But I have five bucks that says it will drive more Democrats to the polls than Republicans."
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
INDIANAPOLIS — Newberry coach Cy Wainwright has been appointed to a four-year term on the NCAA Wrestling Rules Committee.
“It's great to be a servant leader for a sport that's impacted my life so much,” said Wainwright, who recently completed his first year at the helm of Newberry's program after three years at Coker and went 36-0 on his way to a heavyweight national title while a student-athlete at Newberry in the 2008-09 season. “I look forward to having an impact on the future of wrestling at the NCAA level.”
Committee members include four Division I representatives, two each from Divisions II and III, and a secretary-rules editor. Wainwright will serve with Division II counterpart Jason Warthan, the head coach of the University of Indianapolis in the Great Lakes Valley Conference, until Warthan's term expires in 2019.
Wainwright will remain on the committee through 2021. He replaces Lars Jensen, head coach of San Francisco State University in the California Collegiate Athletic Association, who rotates off the committee on August 31.
The primary task of the NCAA Wrestling Rules Committee is to review and vote on proposed rules changes for all levels of NCAA competition. Committee members have the responsibility of shaping the future of the sport through their decisions.
According to the NCAA, the responsibilities of committee members include:
• Sustaining and advancing the Association's mission, traditions, values and reputation.
• Regularly participating in committee meetings and conference calls, prepared and well informed.
• Disclosing promptly and fully any potential or actual conflicts of interest, and personally maintaining exemplary ethical standards.
• Committing to serve the Association as a whole rather than any part of it or any personal or political cause.
• Supporting the consensus of the committee after fully exercising the responsibility to debate and disagree.
• Maintaining confidentiality as required and appropriate.
• Serving as an advocate for the Association while only speaking publicly on behalf of the committee as authorized to do so consistent with the NCAA Speaking Agent Policy.
Wainwright will begin his term on Sept. 1.
Wainwright http://newberryobserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Wainwright.jpg Wainwright
Santa and Nana Claus handed out presents to kids at the Fern Creek Fire Department. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - There's no place like home for the holidays. A warm meal, a Christmas tree and gifts to go under that tree are things many of us may take for granted this holiday season.
On Monday night, the American Red Cross gave toys to children who lost their homes to fires in 2017.
>> More Louisville Metro news on wave3.com
Children and their parents stood in line to meet Santa and Nana Clause, many looking nervous to meet someone they hear about once a year.
"There's quite a few that have RSVP'ed to come down," Ethel Swan said in her Nana Clause dress.
Ethel and her husband Jerry both have connections to the Fern Creek Fire Department, where the gift giving happened Monday night.
Jerry is a retired firefighter and Ethel still makes runs for EMS in the area. They both share the duty of being Santa and Nana Clause each year though, and have been for the past 23 years.
Most of the children broke out in smiles as they sat on Santa's lap to tell him what they asked for this year. Some photos, videos and a candy cane later, the children were on their way with a big bag of what they had asked for.
"Santa got me…" Tiara trailed off. "I forgot." Tiara's mother, Bobbie Kelley, helped her open her big bag to reveal that Santa had brought her a giant coloring book, some Crayons and a Barbie.
Kelley said she was thankful for the folks who have had their back not only during the fire that took their Portland home in April, but also in the time following the fire.
"Thank you. I mean my kids are safe, that's everything," Kelley said. "Everything else can be replaced but my kids, everyone was out of the house and [they] kept them from freaking out and going back in."
For Kelley, this bit of Christmas miracle brought her healing.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Minion Christmas display at New Albany home goes viral
+ Local military families receive Christmas gifts early
+ Toddler signs 'help' while sitting on Santa's lap
"It's great. It's been a long year," Kelley said with a sigh. "It's been a tough year so it's great."
The Swans said that's precisely the reason they do this every year. For the smiles, the laughter and the relief they can bring to parents during the holiday season.
"It's our 23rd year of being Santa and Nana Clause," they said. "We look forward to it every year."
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The family of missing airman Corrie McKeague have spoken of their ‘lifelong debt of gratitude' to police, after a search at a landfill site ended today.
Police trying to find Corrie completed their search of a second area at Milton landfill site, which started on October 23. Although the information available indicated this was the next most likely area where Corrie might be found following an original 20-week search of the cell earlier this year, there was no trace of him.
Police said today they were content Corrie was not in the landfill areas which had been searched.
Martin McKeague, Corrie's father, said: “The McKeague family would like to extend its heartfelt appreciation and our lifelong debt of gratitude to the Norfolk and Suffolk police forces, the Major Investigation Team (MIT), the multitude of Police volunteers who worked tirelessly at the Milton landfill site, the Site Owners, the Jones Brothers Excavation team, the wonderful people of Suffolk and the surrounding areas for their support and efforts and everyone closer to home who have stood up and stood by us and allowed us to get through the darkest moments of this horrific event.”
The inquiry team said it had identified all the other possible locations where waste had been deposited from the area in Bury St Edmunds where Corrie was last seen and there were no further realistic search opportunities.
As previously stated, the nature of waste disposal and its movement is not an exact science. The primary hypothesis – that Corrie ended up in the waste disposal process – was endorsed by a review of the investigation undertaken by the East Midlands Special Operations Unit (EMSOU).
The investigation into Corrie's disappearance on September 24, 2016, continues.
He was last seen on CCTV entering a loading bay in the ‘horseshoe' following a night out. CCTV in Bury town centre has already been viewed up to 4pm on 24th September 2016 and Corrie has not been seen to leave.
Police said today they would continue to scrutinise other theories to establish and understand what might have happened to him.
Detective Superintendent Katie Elliott said: “We are still committed to continuing with the inquiry. There are a number of other theories about what could have happened to Corrie and we are continuing to test the evidence to help us understand what happened, which will assist in providing answers to his family.
“We are acutely aware of the immense strain the last 15 months has placed upon Corrie's loved ones. We want them to be confident we are doing everything that it is practical for us to do as we strive to find Corrie.”
Nicola Urquhart, Corrie's mother, said: “The investigation to find Corrie is still very much a live investigation, we are still a very long way off saying that all that can be done has.
“From the start we have said Corrie is still in the area, left on foot or left on a vehicle. We now know Corrie is not in the landfill.”
Suffolk Police thanked FCC Environment, owner of Milton landfill site, for its support and co-operation during the inquiry.
The total amount searched in the second phase was 2,867.5 tonnes.
Statement from Martin McKeague – Dec 2017
“The McKeague family would like to extend its heartfelt appreciation and our lifelong debt of gratitude to the Norfolk and Suffolk police forces, the Major Investigation Team (MIT), the multitude of Police volunteers who worked tirelessly at the Milton landfill site, the Site Owners, the Jones Brothers Excavation team, the wonderful people of Suffolk and the surrounding areas for their support and efforts and everyone closer to home who have stood up and stood by us, and allowed us to get through the darkest moments of this horrific event.
This family would have been lost without all of you and we have been humbled by your support and concern.
This has been our sentiment from the beginning of this search and it will continue until the end.”
The Mckeague Family
Statement from Nicola Urquhart – Dec 2017
“Today sees the conclusion of the search of cell 22 at Milton landfill.
From the first day that myself, Makeyan and Darroch stood in the horseshoe and saw the industrial bins, we have consistently asked for that line of enquiry (theory) to be investigated and ruled out.
We have continually asked for this to happen, not because we have ever truly believed Corrie was in there, but it has always been the simplest explanation as to what may have happened to Corrie.
There are many things I can do to help in the search to find Corrie but I have always known that searching the landfill was and would never be something I could or would be allowed to do myself.
That would have left us in the torturous situation of left imagining that Corrie may have just been left there. Once all other lines of enquiry are exhausted if this didn't find Corrie, I don't think as a mother I could ever come to terms with not knowing if Corrie was in that landfill.
Our gratitude to Suffolk and Norfolk MIT for following this line of enquiry to what is most certainly beyond reasonable levels is unwavering.
This is the first time in this investigation I have been updated and completely agree that nothing else can be done in relation to searching cell 22.
The search team, have carried out an extremely physical and emotional task. I would hope that the invaluable knowledge they have now gained can be used with other forces should any other family find themselves in our position.
I know how hard they have tried to find Corrie and we will never be able to thank them enough for their efforts.
What I can say, is, my complete trust in Vince and his team leaves me certain that had Corrie been in that landfill, they would have found him.
The peace of mind they have given me is immeasurable. I will no longer picture my son in that landfill.
I have been assured that I will now be given updates as to what lines of enquiry have been investigated already and that these along with any thing else that is a reasonable line of enquiry will now be tested again or investigated.
The investigation to find Corrie is still very much a live investigation, we are still a very long way off saying that all that can be done has.
From the start, we have said. Corrie is still in the area, left on foot or left on a vehicle.
We now know Corrie is not in the landfill.”
Thank you, Nicola, Makeyan, Corrie and Darroch x x x x
Artist's illustration of a fusion-driven rocket powering a spacecraft to Mars. The company Princeton Satellite Systems is working to develop small fusion drives that could make such missions a reality.
Fusion-powered rockets the size of only a few refrigerators could one day help propel spacecraft at high speeds to nearby planets or even other stars, a NASA-funded spaceflight company says.
Another use for such fusion rockets is to deflect asteroids that might strike Earth and to build manned bases on the moon and Mars, the researchers say.
Rockets fly by hurling materials known as propellants away from them. Conventional rockets that rely on chemical reactions are not very efficient when it comes to how much thrust they generate, given the amount of propellant they carry, which has led rocket scientists to explore a variety of alternatives over the years.
An option now used in spacecraft is the ion drive, which generates thrust by using electricity to accelerate electrically charged ion propellants. Ion drives are far more efficient than chemical rockets but are limited by the amount of electricity they can harvest via solar panels or generate using radioactive materials.
Related: Superfast Spacecraft Propulsion Concepts
Instead of chemical rockets or ion drives, scientists have also suggested using fusion rockets propelled by the same nuclear reactions that power stars. These rockets would not only be efficient but also generate vast amounts of electricity.
However, so far, no one has built a fusion reactor that generates more energy than it consumes. Moreover, the fusion reactors that are under development are huge, making them difficult to hoist into space.
But now, researchers funded by NASA are developing small fusion rockets.
"It's technology that enables really interesting robotic and human missions to Mars and Pluto, and it is also potentially a way of getting into interstellar space," said Michael Paluszek, president of Princeton Satellite Systems in Plainsboro, New Jersey.
The large fusion reactors under development today, such as the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER), usually strive to generate hundreds of megawatts of power. In contrast, Paluszek and his colleagues at Princeton Satellite Systems are designing reactors meant to produce only a dozen megawatts or so. This humbler goal results in a smaller, lighter reactor that is easier to build and launch into space "for practical robotic and human missions," Paluszek said.
00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Are You Watching These Upcoming Space Missions? We Are. 00:01:38
In addition, these small fusion reactors are much cheaper than larger devices. Paluszek noted that, whereas modern fusion experiments might cost $20 billion, a prototype fusion rocket the researchers plan to develop should cost just $20 million. So far, they have received three NASA grants to fund the project, he said.
The aim for the fusion drives is to get about 1 kilowatt of power per 2.2 lbs. (1 kilogram) of mass. A 10-megawatt fusion rocket would, therefore, weigh about 11 tons (10 metric tons).
"It would probably be 1.5 meters [4.9 feet] in diameter and 4 to 8 meters [13 to 26 feet] long," Paluszek said.
Related: Will This 'Impossible' Motor Take People to Other Planets?
Nuclear fusion requires extremely high temperatures and pressures to force atoms to fuse, a process that converts some of the mass of the atoms into energy. The fusion reactors that Princeton Satellite Systems is developing uses low-frequency radio waves to heat a mix of deuterium and helium-3, and magnetic fields to confine the resulting plasma in a ring. (Deuterium is made of hydrogen atoms that each have an extra neutron; helium-3 is made of helium atoms, each of which is missing a neutron; and plasma is the state of matter found in stars, lightning bolts, and neon lights.)
As this plasma rotates in a ring, some of it can spiral out and get directed from the fusion rocket's nozzle for thrust. "We can get very high exhaust velocities of up to about 25,000 kilometers per second [55.9 million mph]," Paluszek said.
The large amounts of thrust this fusion rocket may deliver compared to its mass could enable very fast spacecraft. For instance, whereas round-trip crewed missions to Mars are estimated to take more than two years using current technology, the researchers estimated that six 5-megawatt fusion rockets could accomplish such missions in 310 days. This extra speed would reduce the risks of radiation that astronauts might experience from the sun or deep space, as well as dramatically cut the amount of food, water, and other supplies they would need to bring with them.
Related: Warp Speed Won't Get Us to the Stars, but This Just Might
In addition, the fusion reactors could also help generate ample electricity for scientific instruments and communications devices. For instance, whereas NASA's New Horizons mission took more than nine years to get to Pluto and had little more than 200 watts of power to work with once it arrived, broadcasting about 1,000 bits of data back per second, a 1-megawatt fusion rocket could get a robotic mission to Pluto in four years, supply 500 kilowatts of power and broadcast more than 1 million bits of data back per second, Paluszek said. Such a mission could also carry a lander to Pluto and power it by beaming down energy, he added.
"With the amount of power fusion rockets can provide, you can think of science that can't be done now with other technologies, such as powering a lander to drill through the ice on Jupiter's moon Europa," Paluszek said.
A 10-megawatt fusion rocket could also deflect an asteroid about 525 feet (160 m) in diameter coming at Earth, spending about 200 days to travel there and 23 days nudging it off course, Paluszek said. Fusion rockets could even enable an interstellar voyage to the nearest star system, Alpha Centauri, although the trip might take 500 to 700 years, he said. (Alpha Centauri lies about 4.3 light-years from the sun.)
Related: Gallery: Visions of Interstellar Starship Travel
Previous research suggested this kind of fusion rocket in the 1960s, but the designs proposed for them would not stably confine the plasmas, Paluszek said. About 10 years ago, reactor designer Sam Cohen figured out a magnetic-field design "that could make stable plasmas," Paluszek explained.
One drawback of the kind of nuclear reactor that Princeton Satellite Systems is developing is that radio waves do not penetrate deeply into plasma. "We're limited to something like 1 meter [3.3 feet] in diameter," Paluszek said. To generate large amounts of power with this strategy, the researchers have to rely on multiple reactors.
Another pitfall is that, while this fusion reactor generates less deadly neutron radiation than most fusion reactors under development, it still does produce some neutrons, as well as X-rays. "Radiation shielding is key," Paluszek said.
In addition, helium-3 is rare on Earth. Still, it is possible to generate helium-3 using nuclear reactors, Paluszek said.
Princeton Satellite Systems is not alone in pursuing small fusion reactors. For instance, Paluszek noted that Helion Energy in Redmond, Washington, also intends to fuse deuterium and helium-3, while Tri Alpha Energy in Foothill Ranch, California, aims to fuse boron and protons.
"Fusion can enable new and exciting science missions that are too expensive and difficult to do with today's technology," Paluszek said.
The researchers have not yet demonstrated fusion with their device, but aim to do so by 2019 to 2020. Paluszek detailed his company's research June 3 at The Dawn of Private Space Science Symposium in New York.
Follow Charles Q. Choi on Twitter @cqchoi. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook, and Google+. Original articleSpace.com.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
CAIRO — Two passenger trains collided on Friday just outside Egypt's Mediterranean port city of Alexandria, killing at least 36 people and injuring about 123, according to two medical officials.
A statement by the Egyptian Railways Authority said a train traveling to Alexandria from Cairo, Egypt's capital, crashed into the back of another train, which was waiting at a small station in the district of Khorshid, just east of Alexandria.
A general view of people by the wreckage after two passenger trains collided in Alexandria, Egypt, on Friday. Hazem Gouda / EPA
The stationary train had just arrived from Port Said, a Mediterranean city on the northern tip of the Suez Canal, when it was hit, according to the statement.
The statement did not say what caused the accident, saying only that the authority's experts would be investigating.
Associated Press video footage from the scene showed mangled train coaches on the tracks as hundreds of onlookers and victims' relatives gathered around on both sides of the tracks.
Ambulances were standing by and riot police were deployed to keep the onlookers away from the scene of the disaster.
Egypt's railway system has a poor safety record, mostly blamed on decades of badly maintained equipment and poor management.
Friday's collision was the latest in a series of deadly accidents that have claimed hundreds of lives over the years. Figures recently released by the state's statistics agency show that 1,249 train accidents took place last year, the highest number since 2009 when the number reached 1,577.
Friday's accident was the deadliest rail accident since 2006, when at least 51 people were killed when two commuter trains collided near Cairo.
Two trains are seen after they collided just outside Egypt's Mediterranean port city of Alexandria, Friday. Ravy shaker / AP
And earlier, in 2002, a massive fire engulfed a train filled with local holiday travelers. The train sped for miles, with flames engulfing one carriage after another, killing more than 370 people.
In November 2012, a speeding train crashed into a bus carrying Egyptian children to their kindergarten in the country's south, killing more than 50 — mostly children between the ages of four and six. Two months later, at least 19 people died and more than 100 were injured in a train derailment south of Cairo.
MEDICINE HAT, Alta. — Two pharmacists in southern Alberta have pleaded guilty to taking secret commissions valued at more than $300,000.
Evan King and Kathryn Kaiser were each given an 18-month conditional sentence when they appeared in provincial court in Medicine Hat on Monday.
The sentence includes house arrest for the first six months followed by a curfew.
King and Kaiser, who were co-managers at a Co-op pharmacy in Medicine Hat, were to go to trial on charges of fraud and theft over $5,000 before.
An agreed statement of facts says the pair accepted incentives from multiple pharmaceutical companies — as is common in the industry for pharmacies that do business with a company.
Under Co-op policy, incentives are the property of the store, but between 2010 and 2015, the two pharmacists accepted gift cards and paid travel without telling their employer.
Judge Ted Fisher accepted joint submissions from the Crown and defence for the conditional sentence.
King's defence lawyer presented a cheque for $100,000 to the Co-op on Monday. The judge also ordered King to pay another almost $44,000 in restitution.
Court heard Kaiser benefited in the amount of almost $178,000. She was ordered to pay back $200 a month for the first 15 months of her sentence. Fisher issued her a restitution order for the rest.
King's lawyer said his client has not gone back to work as a pharmacist and has returned to his family farm in Saskatchewan.
Kaiser is still employed as a pharmacist and working full time, her lawyer said.
The Alberta College of Pharmacists disciplined both pharmacists through temporary suspensions and financial penalties.
Africa in Danger of Digital Disruption, Says Ekeh
Emma Okonji
Chairman of Zinox Group, Leo Stan Ekeh has raised the alarm over an impending digital disruption in Africa occasioned by the challenges of mass unemployment and the failure of most African states to match the rapid pace of digital evolution.
He raised the concern during a breakfast talk with select entrepreneurs from Africa and Asia in Dubai Marina, UAE, recently.
Ekeh, a renowned digital enthusiast and global advisor to Microsoft, disclosed that Africa had barely 13 and a half years to avert the impending disruption which may throw the continent into the proverbial ‘Dark Ages.'
“Nineteen years ago, I had warned on the need for Nigerians and Africa, as a whole, to wake up from a self-imposed slumber and follow the pace of digital evolution. Africa must create resources that will empower more ventures for employment of our teeming youthful population. This is essential because the rise of computing and the coming age of super-computers is bound to take many jobs away while making others redundant.
“This warning was largely unheeded as only a few paid attention. As at today you have over a million high tech incubation centers in Asia alone while Africa has less than 500 and most of them less equipped and politically driven. But we are beginning to see the consequences today. Unemployment is rife and has transformed into a major problem confronting many African economies with no concrete solution in sight,” Ekeh said.
According to him, with the global pace of advancements in ICT, the situation is bound to worsen. Many more hands and jobs will be displaced by technology and the failure to expand and create more industries to accommodate these losses will be felt more harshly, he posited.
Ekeh's position was echoed in a recent presentation by the Vice-President, Governing Body of the International Labour Organisation (ILO), Luc Cortebeeck, who mentioned new technology as one of the major challenges facing the future of work. Cortebeeck disclosed that the world is suffering an official unemployment rate of 210 million people, with an estimated 600 million extra jobs needed to fill the gap by 2030.
According to Ekeh, Africa has a limited period of time in which to act to avoid being left behind by the rest of the world.
“A major digital disruption will happen in Africa 13 and half years from today. Last year, we had about 15 years left but it is now 13 and a half years for this disruption to climax for those not prepared. The signs are already here. Internet of Things is progressing at a high speed; major countries are investing in robots and what I regard as digital oracles such as IBM Watson, and others to replace humans in many areas of endeavour including law, warehousing, factories, medicine, security, traffic control, among others,” Ekeh said.
“The major concern for Africa is that this might cause a revolution as investors will have no choice than to prefer robots for example over humans to run their operations.
“In my hunger to anticipate and prepare for the future, I lost millions of dollars with other investors from Europe and Middle East in Asia last year in our research on advanced technology but please note that, many others with critical infrastructure at their places of birth are succeeding. Mine was a focus on solutions to avert disaster that could erupt in my country not too long from today. We lost money as a result of the lack of certified research incubators and credible local database of certified knowledge workers in Africa. A lot of us had to engage in research in Asia to find solutions to advanced technology and robotics because of their hunger to lead the world from the second quarter of this century.”
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The half-brother of Nikolas Cruz, who's charged with killing 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida on Valentine's Day, was arrested and charged with trespassing at the school on Monday.
Zachary Cruz in an arrest photo Monday. Broward County, Florida, Sheriff's Office
The Broward County Sheriff's Office said in an arrest report that Zachary Cruz, 18, "surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride his skateboard through school grounds" and told investigators that he visited the school to "reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in."
The arrest report said school officials had previously ordered him to stay away from the campus in the town of Parkland.
Related: These are the 17 victims of the Parkland school shooting
The sheriff's office said Cruz was recorded on the school's security cameras. It said the school would seek to prosecute Cruz, whose bond was set at $25.
Nikolas Cruz could face the death penalty on 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack on the school on Feb. 14.
Just One More Thing...
We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile.
If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder.
Close
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has died at age 60 Pauses
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Michigan State's rowing team has met with members of the school's board of trustees about concerns involving Larry Nassar .
The team posted a message Monday on Twitter saying, "We feel we have begun a dialogue for a change, but much work remains."
Nassar, a former Michigan State doctor, was sentenced last week to up to 175 years in prison for molesting young women and girls. He was the rowing team's doctor from 1998 to 2016.
Congress passed legislation Monday requiring governing bodies for amateur athletics to report abuse claims to law enforcement.
State Attorney General Bill Schuette has asked the school for emails and text messages relating to Nassar from 20 current and former school officials.
The school has been criticized for its handling of the crisis on campus.
SAN DIEGO — Arizona Diamondbacks right-hander Shelby Miller is keen to prove he is able after being unraveled by Cain.
Miller faces the Padres on Tuesday night in a game that kicks off San Diego's second homestand.
Jarred Cosart (0-0) is matched against the unpredictable Miller (1-1) as the Padres try to snap a four-game losing streak in the first of three games between the clubs at Petco Park.
Miller's pitching deteriorated after he allowed a booming fifth-inning double to Giants pitcher Matt Cain in his last start. Before San Francisco's second hit, Miller was cruising, retiring eight of nine batters and protecting a 1-0 lead.
However, the inning turned into a three-run bonanza for the Giants. Miller wound up charged with three runs on seven hits in 5 1/3 innings during a game Arizona went on to lose 6-2.
Miller was hopeful his second season with the Diamondbacks would include a burst from the gate. Arizona paid a dear price in acquiring him before last year, one that was nothing but a bummer for Miller.
He bounced between the majors and minors, unable to find focus or consistency. He finished at a cover-your-eyes 3-12 with a 6.15 ERA.
But Miller, coming off an encouraging spring training, has also showed how effective he can be this season. The Diamondbacks have their fingers crossed Miller, who is 1-2 in his career against the Padres, is on the rise.
“A lot of people were writing about or talking about, ‘What happened? What's wrong with Shelby Miller?”‘ Diamondbacks pitching coach Mike Butcher told USA Today. “Nothing's wrong with Shelby Miller.
“Everybody who's played this game knows this is a tough game. He had a little speed bump last year. He's in a really good place right now, mentally, physically, emotionally.”
Cosart is in a new place on the San Diego staff with Luis Perdomo waylaid by a bum shoulder. Cosart has seized the opportunity after first getting a starting audition while filling in for Trevor Cahill.
Cosart threw four scoreless innings in his lone start of the season at Coors Field last week, and he has the inside track to stay in the rotation with another good showing on Tuesday.
“Nerves early,” Cosart said after his outing against the Colorado Rockies. “I'm just trying to feel my way through instead of just trying to execute the pitches and execute the scouting report. Then the third and fourth (inning), I felt like that's where I'd like to be for the rest of the year.”
If Cosart can beat Arizona for the second time in as many career decisions, it would be his first win since Sept. 24, 2015. Cosart went 0-4 last year pitching for the Marlins and Padres.
The Diamondbacks, who just split a four-game series with the Dodgers, have defeated the Padres in four consecutive games and took 10 of 19 games from them last year. Arizona swept the visiting Padres in a three-game set to end 2016.
The Padres are coming off a four-game sweep by the Braves in Atlanta. San Diego was outscored by a 23-8 margin during the initial series at new Sun Trust Park.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
COLDWATER – The Mississinawa Valley softball team was run ruled 12-1 in five innings on Monday at Coldwater.
Coldwater scored one run in the first inning, one in the second, two in the third and eight in the fourth while holding Mississinawa to a single run in the top half of the fifth inning.
Mississinawa Valley had two hits while Coldwater had 11.
MV's Kinsie Blocher went 1-for-2 with a double. Lindsay Johns was 1-for-2, stole a base and scored a run. Jolie Elson had a RBI. Makayla Coning was hit by a pitch and stole a base.
Taydem Elson was the losing pitcher as she pitched two innings and allowed two runs on one hit, five walks and one strikeout. Paxton Scholl pitched two innings, allowing 10 runs on 10 hits and three walks.
Allister Coetzee's greatest selection challenge at the start of the Rugby Championship will be to find the best possible back-row balance for the Springboks, writes CRAIG LEWIS.
In the midst of a jam-packed rugby schedule that has seen the recent conclusion of Super Rugby, continuing Currie Cup action and the fast-approaching arrival of a new-look Pro14, we also arrive at the start of a new Test week.
For the Springboks, this Rugby Championship competition is sure to serve as a defining campaign for Coetzee and the Springbok brand that suffered so severely during a 2016 annus horribilis that yielded just four wins from 12 Tests.
During this past June series against France, there were a number of encouraging signs as the Springboks cruised to a 3-0 victory, with clear improvements having been made in terms of game-plan clarity and team culture.
However, the Springboks will know as well as anyone that their progression can only truly be judged once they have completed this Rugby Championship campaign, which starts with a clash against Argentina in Port Elizabeth this Saturday.
ALSO READ: Boks face fight for par finish
In naming his squad for the start of the Rugby Championship, Coetzee stated that he wanted to continue backing the players who performed against France, which has meant that the likes of Rohan Janse van Rensburg, Ruan Combrinck and Lukhanyo Am have been unable to force their way into the squad.
It means the backline is likely to remain unchanged from the June series, but it's really in the back row that Coetzee will have had plenty to ponder.
The significance of Warren Whiteley's absence should not be underestimated when one considers that it was his presence both on and off the field that contributed so significantly to the Springboks' success against France.
His continued injury problems have also been exacerbated by the fact that Duane Vermeulen remains sidelined, and which has led to the inclusion of uncapped Dan du Preez as the only specialist No 8 in the squad.
While that may lead many to suggest that Du Preez would be the obvious choice at eighth man, Coetzee could possibly spring something of a surprise by backing the more experienced Uzair Cassiem to fulfil a role at the back of the scrum.
Cassiem impressed at flank for the Cheetahs this Super Rugby season, but it was notable that he was listed as a flank/No 8 when the squad announcement was made, and he may be regarded as more of a like-for-like replacement for Whiteley.
Of course, Coetzee could opt to keep Jean-Luc du Preez at No 8 – which is where he filled in for the last Test against France – but there can be no doubt he is better suited to a role at blindside flank.
Coetzee is also a well-known fan of Oupa Mohoje, who offers physicality and another lineout option, while he was the man backed in the No 7 jersey at the start of the June series.
As it stands, Siya Kolisi is the only sure bet to start in the loose trio, with the Bok vice-captain having been one of the standout performers during the June series.
It's likely that Coetzee will choose between Dan du Preez and Cassiem at No 8, with the latter quite possibly the dark horse, while then picking between Mohoje or Jean-Luc du Preez at blindside flank.
Kolisi appears to be regarded as the first-choice openside flank, with Jaco Kriel providing an impact option off the bench alongside Pieter-Steph du Toit, who can also provide cover at No 7.
The Springboks will hold an open training session at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Monday afternoon, while the team will be announced on Thursday at 14:00.
Photo: Gavin Barker/BackpagePix
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – As work continues on the new Chill-Can plant on Youngstown's east side, city council members realize that there's additional work to be done.
Monday morning, city officials — including Mayor Tito Brown and council members — took a tour of the neighborhoods near the plant with developer Mitchell Joseph.
They found that the area has been used as a dumping ground.
“It's on us to make sure this is clean. Anyway, we should do clean-up things like this, just to bring in future development and progress,” said Councilman Julius Oliver.
Eventually, the new plant could employ more than 200 people.
It's expected to open later this year.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has asked his players to put thoughts of facing Barcelona in the Champions League out of their minds and concentrate on getting a result at Huddersfield Town in the Premier League (8pm)
Chelsea face Barcelona in the last 16 of Europe's elite club competition in February, but the Italian said his team could be in for another nasty surprise on the domestic front if they made the mistake of looking too far ahead.
"We must be very realistic to understand that this league is very dangerous," Conte, whose side lost 1-0 at struggling West Ham United on Saturday, told a news conference.
"We have to go game-by-game and we have to play every game with 120 percent of our strength otherwise we risk to have a bad surprise at the end of the season."
The Italian, who conceded that the league title was out of reach after the West Ham defeat, challenged his players to put things right at Huddersfield.
"The first thing for us is to change the final result, because we lost the game against West Ham," he added.
"We dominated the game, we controlled the game... but at the end we lost and I think the most important thing tomorrow is to get the final result.
"I look at the present, the next game is against Huddersfield. I like to win and when we lose, I'm not happy. This must be very clear."
Conte reiterated that Chelsea would not be able to defend their title.
"When you lose four games in 16 games, this start in my experience you are not able to fight for the title," he said.
"This league is not simple, and we have to fight to find a place in the Champions League. There are a lot of targets in the season."
Chelsea is third in the table while Huddersfield are 12th.
Jaguars announce discipline for fans involved in Seahawks melee
The Jacksonville Jaguars are coming down hard on those fans who were involved in throwing projectiles at Seattle Seahawks defensive lineman Quinton Jefferson.
The team announced Monday that they have reviewed footage and spoken to fans and staff who witnessed the incident. Four individuals were identified as being involved, and they face numerous punishments, including a revocation of season tickets and a full ban from Jaguars games.
The scenes got a bit wild at the end of the game, and things could have been much worse had Jefferson entered the stands himself. The Jaguars are taking the right course in dealing with these rowdy fans.
Tatiana Ayazo /Rd.com,shutterstockA traffic jam when you're already late.
A free ride when you've already paid.
The fact that the King James Bible is the most shoplifted book in the United States.
One of these three things is an example of irony—the reversal of what is expected or intended. The other two (no offense to Alanis Morissette) are not. The difference between them may be one of the most rage-inducing linguistic misunderstandings you're likely to read about on the Internet or hear about from the determined grammar nerds in your life. “Ironic” does not, technically, mean “unfortunate,” “interesting,” or “coincidental,” despite these terms often being used interchangeably. And that frequent misuse has not escaped linguists; according to the editors at Dictionary.com, “We submit that ironic might be the most abused word in the English language.”
That's a tough claim to prove, but it's clear that confusion over the definition of irony is persistent, and decades old. “Irony” makes Harvard linguist Steven Pinker's list of the 58 most commonly misused words in English, and ranks in the top 1 percent of all word lookups on Merriam-Webster's online dictionary. Even Great Gatsby author F. Scott Fitzgerald got it wrong, some say, when he claimed in 1939, “It is an ironic thought that the last picture job I took yielded me five thousand dollars five hundred and cost over four thousand in medical attention.” (That's not ironic, but these 19 funny examples of irony in real life are.)
So what does irony mean, really, and where does the confusion come from? Part of the ambiguity probably stems from the fact that there are no less that three definitions of irony depending on which dictionary you use. There's Socratic irony (an ancient rhetorical move), and dramatic irony (an ancient theatrical move), but the definition of irony we care about—and the kind that's most bitterly debated—is situational irony. Situational irony occurs when, as the Oxford English Dictionary defines it, “a state of affairs or an event… seems deliberately contrary to what one expects and is often wryly amusing as a result.” (If you're still confused, just use this special irony punctuation mark and call it a day.)
The trick, according to purists, is the deliberately contrary part—for a situation to be ironic, it must be the opposite of what is expected, not merely an amusing coincidence. A traffic jam when you're already late may be an undesirable coincidence, but it is not the opposite outcome one would expect when leaving for work late (especially if that person lives in a major city). In an article titled Lines From Alanis Morissette's “Ironic,” Modified to Actually Make them Ironic, College Humor writer Patrick Cassels corrects the situation like this: “A traffic jam when you're already late… to receive an award from the Municipal Planning Board for reducing the city's automobile congestion 80 percent.” Now that's irony.
Not every linguist goes by this limited view, though. Ever the champions of fluid language growth, Merriam-Webster argues that Mr. Fitzgerald, Ms. Morissette, and anyone else who uses “ironic” to mean “coincidental” isn't actually wrong, but is actually just trailblazing. “The word irony has come to be applied to events that are merely curious or coincidental,” the editors write, “and while some feel this is an incorrect use of the word, it is merely a new one.”
OTTAWA — Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould has asked for an independent review of an extradition that resulted in Ottawa professor Hassan Diab spending three years in a French jail, only to be suddenly released.
The external review — which has not started — is in addition to an internal “lessons learned” examination already underway, a spokesman for Wilson-Raybould said Wednesday.
French authorities suspected Diab, 64, was involved in the 1980 bombing of a Paris synagogue that killed four people and injured dozens of others, an accusation he has always denied.
The sociology professor and his supporters have been urging the federal government to hold a full public inquiry into the case and to reform the Extradition Act to ensure individual rights are respected.
In a letter Tuesday to Amnesty International Canada and the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association, Wilson-Raybould said Diab was afforded “all of the procedural safeguards” under the Extradition Act and that his charter rights were considered during Canadian court proceedings.
“Nonetheless, due to the three-year-period that Dr. Diab spent in custody in France, I have been reflecting carefully on this case,” said her letter, made available to the The Canadian Press by the two rights organizations.
“As you know, Department of Justice Canada officials have undertaken a ‘lessons learned' review of the Diab extradition proceedings. I have also asked for an independent external review of this matter.”
Josh Paterson, executive director of the B.C. association, said Wednesday he is seeking answers from the minister about the independent review, including whether the findings will be made public.
“Who will be or has been appointed? What is the scope of the review? Will they have the power to require the department to co-operate with them?”
No other information was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould's office.
The RCMP arrested Diab, a Canadian of Lebanese descent, in November 2008 in response to a request by France.
In June 2011, Ontario Superior Court Justice Robert Maranger committed Diab for extradition despite acknowledging the case against him was weak.
The following year, then-justice minister Rob Nicholson signed an extradition order surrendering Diab to France.
The Ontario Court of Appeal upheld the decisions of the lower court and the minister, and the Supreme Court of Canada declined to review the matter.
Diab's supporters have long argued he was in Beirut — not Paris — when the attack took place and that his fingerprints, palm prints, physical description and age did not match those of the suspect identified in 1980.
I think that it is very important for there to be an external review of why he was sent from Canada in the first place and let me point out it was the previous Harper government which made those decisions
In November 2014, Diab was sent to France, where he was held in solitary confinement up to 22 hours a day.
In January, French judges dismissed the allegations against Diab and ordered his immediate release.
Diab is back in Canada with his wife and children. However, French prosecuting authorities have appealed his release, and a decision is expected July 6.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said she and the prime minister had advocated “very energetically” for Diab's return to Canada.
“I think that it is very important for there to be an external review of why he was sent from Canada in the first place and let me point out it was the previous Harper government which made those decisions.”
We're two years away from the most ambitious update to Disney‘s (NYSE: DIS) domestic theme parks. Star Wars Land will open on both coasts in two years, and over the weekend we learned a little bit more about the 14-acre expansion taking place at Disneyland and Disney's Hollywood Studios.
Continue Reading Below
We learned where within the Star Wars universe guests will be exploring, come 2019. Star Wars Land will be situated in a remote village on the Outer Rim, on the edge of the Unknown Regions. It's not a place that will be familiar even to diehard Star Wars fans. This is a new territory by design. It will be an outpost where smugglers, rogue traders, and adventurers set up camp before moving on to their next ventures.
Going with an entirely new village concept may seem like an odd design choice at first. Guests won't be strolling through Darth Vader's Death Star or engaging in a shootout at Tatooine's Mos Eisley cantina. However, park visitors will still recognize many of the droids rolling around. Other familiar sights will include life-sized AT-AT walkers and a food vendor using a pod racer to grill up his meats. Disney is taking some big risks with the Avatar-themed expansion opening next month at Disney's Animal Kingdom, given how badly that property has faded from mainstream awareness, but that won't be the case in two years with Star Wars Land.
Image source: Disney.
Use the Force
We also learned a bit more about the two new attractions that will open in Star Wars Land in two years. We've known since the expansion was announced in 2015 that one of the rides would allow guests to pilot the Millennium Falcon. The attraction makes sense. Guests may be exploring a village that is foreign to fans of the franchise, but as anyone that saw 2015's Star Wars: The Force Awakens knows, the iconic Millennium Falcon has wound up in some previously unsuspected places.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
An interesting wrinkle revealed over the weekend during the Star Wars Celebration in Orlando is that the Millennium Falcon attraction will be interactive. Riders will be grouped together as crews in piloting the light freighter, and how much damage the Millennium Falcon receives during the journey will dictate the way that the ride ends. In short, there will be a gaming element to the attraction that should help encourage re-rides among millennials and gamers.
Some details were also unveiled about the second centerpiece attraction. Patrons will be thrust into the heat of a battle between the Resistance and the First Order. Park guests will be standing in the middle of the action as the exchanges heat up, but this doesn't seem as if it will be a mere stage show.
Disney can use the boost, especially if Pandora — The World of Avatar fails to jump-start guest counts this summer. Attendance has fallen at both Disneyland and Disney World in three of the past four quarters, and Disney World's two biggest rivals have already announced major attractions on the way for 2018. Disney can't get Star Wars wrong — and it probably won't.
[embedded content]
10 stocks we like better than Walt Disney
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Walt Disney wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Rick Munarriz owns shares of Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Africa-centred NGO, Engage Now Africa (ENA), has backed calls on Ghana's government and other governments in Africa to include free eye and skin care for Albinos in their basic health care policies.
ENA wants stakeholders in education to acknowledge and find solutions to teaching and learning challenges Albinos face in schools.
At an event to mark the UN's International Albinism Awareness Day on Tuesday, a former Nigerian Ambassador to South Africa, Uche Ajulu, said the peculiar eye and skin defects that all albinos face make it imperative for basic health care policies in Africa to be cover them.
“This is the 21st century and we want albinos to have free eye care in all hospitals across Africa including Ghana and Nigeria. We want albinos to have free skin care, twice a year, because of the indecent exposure to the merciless tropical sun,” she said.
Photo: Uche Ajulu
Tuesday's event, organised by ENA was held at the premises of Ensign College of Public Health at Kpong in the Lower Manya Krobo District of the Eastern Region on the theme “Advancing with Renewed Hope”.
Ghana Country Director of ENA, Cecilia Amankwah, said the call by the former Ambassador is laudable and promised to present a communiqué to Ghana's government on other ways to improve the health and educational rights of albinos in Ghana.
She said ENA has encountered many reports of discrimination against Albinos in schools across the country, revealing ENA has been leading a sensitisation program throughout Ghana's communities to develop awareness about the inherited genetic condition.
“Our team is determined to increase the safety and self-esteem of Albinos and create awareness throughout Ghana,” she said.
The UN-sanctioned International Albinism Awareness Day, marked on June 13 every year, is aimed at pushing for an end to discrimination and inhumane treatment meted out against persons with Albino.
In Africa, people with Albinism are often persecuted, dismembered and even killed because of false beliefs and superstitions about them.
These superstitions, mainly perpetuated by witch doctors, are that certain body parts contain magical powers. These witch doctors then use these body parts as ingredients for potions and ritualistic purposes.
Research shows that a full body of an albino can bring in over $70,000.
President of the Ghana Association of Persons with Albinism (GAPA), Mawuse Yakor-Hamidu, said at Tuesday's event that the Association continues to receive reports about ostracisation of people born with the condition by schools, churches, communities and at social gatherings.
“We want the government to mainstream Albinism as a disability at all levels of education. Some textbooks should be printed in large fonts and also teachers should be sensitised on the needs of persons with Albinism,” she urged policymakers.
In a speech read on his behalf, Health Minister, Kwaku Agyeman-Manu, lauded ENA and stated government's determination to work with other NGOs to improve the rights of persons with Albinism in Ghana.
CUMBERLAND HOUSE -
A man has been charged with homicide following the death of a 21-year-old woman in Cumberland House on August 10.
RCMP from the community say they responded to a complaint of an unresponsive female on Deschambeault Avenue at about 6:00 am that day.
When they arrived, the found the injured woman, Christine Ballantyne, receiving are from local EMS. She was declared dead a short time later by the EMS workers.
A suspect adult male was identified and arrested.
Acea Dorian, 21, a resident of Cumberland House, has been charged with second degree murder under the Criminal Code and will make his first court appearance in La Ronge Provincial Court this morning.
He and Ballantyne knew each other.
The investigation is ongoing with the assistance of RCMP Major Crimes Unit South, Prince Albert RCMP Forensic Identification Section and the Office of the Chief Coroner.
Chimamanda ‘s view over Hillary Clinton's bio sets twitter on fire
Nigerian writer, Chimamanda Adichie is in the news again for her feminist views for being `upset' by former US Presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton's usage of `wife' on her Twitter bio.
Adichie, who is a renowned feminist fighting for the equality of male and female genders, asked the question at a PEN World Voices Festival lecture.
She set twitter on fire when she said that Hillary Clinton seemed to describe herself as a function of her husband, Bill Clinton.
Reacting to the interview, some Nigerians felt she took her feminism too far, adding that the question was intrusive and Hillary has a choice on her view on being addressed as a ‘Wife'.
Meanwhile, some others argued that the question was necessary for women to understand that they have to celebrate their achievements, not just on the home front, just like men.
Adichie to Hillary; “In your Twitter account, the first word that describes you is ‘Wife.' And then I think its ‘Mom,' and then it's ‘Grandmother.”
“And when I saw that, I have to confess that I felt just a little bit upset.
And then I went and I looked at your husband's Twitter account, and the first word was not ‘husband,” Adichie said.
She was curious as to why with all of Clinton's career accomplishments; did her Twitter bio primarily identify her as a “Wife”.
Bill Clinton's Twitter bio leads with, ‘Founder, Clinton Foundation and 42nd President of the United States'.
Adichie wanted to know if it was Clinton's choice to first identify in relation to her husband, and if so, why?
“When you put it like that, I'm going to change it,” Clinton said, prompting roars from the crowd.
However, Clinton had pretty good explanation for why ‘Wife' kicked- off her bio, which is that women should be able to celebrate both their accomplishments and their relationships.
Here are some of the reactions:
Popular blogger Linda Ikeji wrote @lindaikeji: I'm a big advocate for women empowerment, rights and indepencence but when I do marry, I'd proudly describe myself as a wife & proudly add my husband's name to mine.
“Proudly! if you don't believe in that as a woman, that's fine too #differentstrokesfordifferentfolks,''
@Linesandtimes tweeted, “Chimamanda said she was a bit upset by Hillary Clinton's bio. Her intolerance for anything that does not align with her idea of feminism is really tragic.
“A woman can be defined as anything she wants to be seen as, what's important is that it's her choice.”
@Txtwistatornado wrote, “Lol I read the article, and I think it was great. I don't think she disgraced Nigeria at all.
“She got Hillary Clinton to re-evaluate the message she sends to women. I believe in a happy medium as a woman so I'm good with this interview.IMO”
@SeunxTemi tweeted, “Not going to read all these. This is someone's personal life Chimamanda thinks she has the right to criticize in such an unwarranted manner.
“Hilary Clinton is a Queen and what her bio states shouldn't diminish her numerous accomplishments.”
@Realcalmday said, “If Hilary Clinton had a problem with what Chimamanda asked her, I believe she would've said so. Why are you people carrying the matter on your heads?”
@Chinewubeze_mc wrote, “Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie went too far with this her feminism issue during her interview with Hilary Clinton today.”
@Pengasonconcept tweeted, “So happy about how Hilary Clinton clarified Chimamanda on the true meaning of feminism.
“Just because a woman is up to the same task as an average man on earth doesn't stop them from knowing their true responsibilities in life.”
NAN reports that Adichie's feminism campaign has been a pivotal crux of her writing as her characters centre around powerful women who are usually dwarfed by the patriarchal system in their environments.
Her TedX talk ‘We Should All Be Feminists' was sampled on American singer Beyonce's hit song ‘Flawless' and was also part of Beyonce's performance routine at 2018 Coachella.
In 2017, Adichie released a small book titled – ‘Dear Ijeawele or A Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions'.
Recently, her novel ‘Americanah', was recognised as one of 15 remarkable books by women that are shaping the way fiction was being written and read in the 21st century.”
NAN
The post Chimamanda ‘s view over Hillary Clinton's bio sets twitter on fire appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Time has been called on the career of multiple Grade One-winning chaser Flemenstar.
The 12-year-old struck four times at the highest level, landing the Irish Arkle, the Powers Gold Cup and the John Durkan Memorial Chase in 2012 before rolling back the years to win over the festive period at Leopardstown in 2015.
He made a promising start to the current campaign when second over hurdles at Clonmel last month, but was pulled up on his return to chasing at Navan on Saturday.
Owner Stephen Curran feels the time is right to give his pride and joy a well-earned retirement.
He told Press Association Sport: "We've decided we're going to retire him.
"He made a bad mistake on Saturday and that was that, but he's come home safe and sound and he's as happy as Larry.
"He's given us some great days. Unfortunately, he's had a few injuries over the years and they've taken their toll, but we've been very lucky to have him.
"He'll have a happy retirement now. We'll look after him."
Flemenstar won 10 times from 27 starts and enjoyed spells in training with Peter Casey, Tony Martin and, most recently, the owner's son, Anthony Curran.
Jackson Tyner #14 of the Rice Owls is pressured by Newton Salisbury #97 of the FIU Golden Panthers in the fourth quarter at Rice Stadium on Sept. 23, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Tim Warner Getty Images
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. — Many Republicans are clamoring to give the public a classified memo about intelligence collection in the Russia investigation.
But not all of them.
At least a handful of GOP lawmakers worry that its release could compromise intelligence-gathering and further enflame President Donald Trump's conflict with his own law-enforcement agencies.
"We run the risk of exposing some sensitive sources and methods," Rep. Charlie Dent, R-Pa., said on the sidelines of a Republican retreat at the Greenbrier, a historic resort nestled at the edge of the Allegheny Mountains here. "I read the memos, both of them (Republican and Democratic), and I would rather not release them."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House moves toward release of controversial Russia memo 3:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rep. Kevin Brady, R-Texas, a proponent of making the memo public, acknowledged "there are some differing opinions" among House Republicans.
Trump is expected to sign off on the release of the controversial memo, drafted by the staff of House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., a senior White House official told reporters on Air Force One Thursday. It is unclear whether there will be any redactions of sensitive material.
On one level, the debate is over whether the American public should have access to information about whether FBI and Justice Department officials are following the rules when they ask for warrants under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
But it's also the latest flashpoint in the Russia probe, and Democrats have accused Nunes of politicizing intelligence work to assist Trump in discrediting the very law-enforcement agencies charged with investigating whether he or his aides illegally colluded with Russia or obstructed justice.
Those who argue it should be made public say it shows U.S. officials improperly used a dossier compiled by British spy Christopher Steele to justify their application for a warrant to eavesdrop on Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Trump's 2016 campaign.
Americans will "be troubled by its contents," Brady predicted. "Given the choice between being more open with the American public or less, we are opting for more."
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., appeared to caution all sides about reading too much into the memo's importance in the Russia investigation or Trump's ongoing fight with the leaders of the nation's top law-enforcement agencies.
"If mistakes were made and if individuals did something wrong, then it is our job as the legislative branch of government to conduct oversight over the executive branch if abuses were made," Ryan said at a press conference here. "What this is not, is an indictment on our institutions or our justice system...It does not impugn the Mueller investigation or the deputy attorney general."
But Sens. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. and Chris Coons, D-Del., said in a joint statement that it would have those effects.
"President Trump should heed the warnings of the Justice Department and FBI, and reverse his reported decision to defy longstanding policies regarding the disclosure of classified information," they said. "The president's apparent willingness to release this memo risks undermining U.S. intelligence-gathering efforts, politicizing Congress' oversight role, and eroding confidence in our institutions of government."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Former CIA Deputy Director: Russia has us arguing over the truth 5:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Meanwhile, at the winter meeting of the Republican National Committee in Washington, there was little chatter over the president's pending decision on whether to release a controversial memo.
Ginny Haines, the RNC committeewoman from New Jersey, maintained confidence in Trump's judgment in handling his skepticism of the intelligence community.
"I think the president will have it under control and knows exactly what needs to be done," Haines said, referring to employees within the intelligence community whom the president refers to as being a part of the "deep state." "He'll take care of it. I trust him in this process," Haines said.
But Dent, a frequent critic of the president, said he was concerned about Trump's conflict with law-enforcement officials.
"I don't like the fact that the White House seems to be in a battle with its own Justice Department and FBI," he said.
And one of his colleagues, Rep. Bill Shuster, R-Penn., reflected the unease lawmakers have with the potential for the memo to exacerbate that fight.
Asked whether it concerned him, Shuster quickly answered "yes" and then ducked behind a curtain partitioning reporters from lawmakers.
Meanwhile, AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for Speaker Ryan, told NBC News late Thursday that he supports releasing a Democratic counter memo that addresses the Nunes memo.
“The speaker is in favor of greater transparency,” Strong said. “If it is scrubbed to ensure it does not reveal sources and methods of our intelligence gathering, the speaker supports the release of the Democrats' memo.”
CORRECTION (Feb 1, 2018, 11:30 p.m. ET): An earlier version of this article misstated the name of a senator from Delaware. His name is Chris Coons, not Jeff Coons.
Nasarawa varsity: FOSSSA canvases support for new dean
FACULT Y of Social Sciences Students Association, FOSSSA, Nasarawa State University chapter, has called on the management of the institution to accord maximum support and cooperation to the newly elected Dean of the faculty, Professor Nuhu Liman, to enable him succeed in his new office. President of the association, Comrade Aliyu Safiyanu Tala, made the […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As of Sept. 18, the Dana Point Chamber of Commerce is under new direction.
Bev Jorgensen comes to Dana Point from Carlsbad, where she served as the Vice President of Corporate and Membership Relations for the Carlsbad Chamber of Commerce for 10 years. Moving into a new leadership role in South Orange County, Jorgensen said she has operated and will continue to lead the Dana Point Chamber of Commerce under five clear and commonplace directives.
“The directives of the Chamber are to create a strong local economy; provide networking and professional development opportunities within our community; promote our community, represent business before government; and take part in political action,” Jorgensen said.
Business is in her blood
Jorgensen was born into a business atmosphere in Hamilton, Mississippi, where her father owned a home building contracting business.
“I feel like the Chamber and business community runs through my blood,” Jorgensen said of her upbringing.
Later, working for a publisher in Poway, California, Jorgensen became familiar with and interested in Chamber of Commerce activities by publishing and printing Chamber of Commerce maps and guides for over 70 Southern California cities.
Jorgensen moved to San Diego in 2000, where she began her chamber career in earnest as the Member Services Director for the Poway Chamber of Commerce. After spending time working for the Vista Chamber of Commerce in San Diego, she took a position as Vice President of the North San Diego Business Chamber before moving into her position in Carlsbad in 2007.
Looking ahead at her new role
Jorgensen claims it was always her goal to manage a Chamber of Commerce and maintained professional growth by participating in networking and training opportunities such as the Western Association of Chamber Executives Academy.
“I'm excited, and I look forward to learning this new community, the leaders of this community and this community's needs,” Jorgensen said. “I feel that we can make an impact on business and in people's lives.”
Falling in love with Dana Point this past summer, Jorgensen wasted no time in pursuing the executive director position once she became aware of the opening in July. With such a swift change, Jorgensen acknowledges the need for rapid acclimation, and says she remains open and receptive to Dana Point's individual needs in order to positively, and swiftly integrate herself.
“There's a Chamber saying, that if you've seen one Chamber, you've seen ONE Chamber,” Jorgensen laughed, when asked about her acclimation process. “I have an open door. I want to know what's happening, and I have a listening ear.”
VANCOUVER — Former British Columbia premier Christy Clark is joining the Bennett Jones law firm as a senior adviser in its Vancouver office.
The firm says Clark will join its government affairs and public policy team, which also counts former deputy prime minister Anne McLellan and former foreign minister John Baird as members.
Bennett Jones CEO Hugh MacKinnon says in a statement that Clark's focus on economic growth through trade fits in well with the interests of the firm's clients.
Clark resigned as B.C. premier last summer, having served in the role since 2011, after the provincial New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party.
Bennett Jones is a Canadian firm with more than 380 lawyers and business advisors in nine offices.
Nigeria initiates investors' match-making platform – Minister
Nigeria is set to establish a match-making data base for international business interconnectivity and stress-free investments, says Foreign Affairs Minister Geoffrey Onyeama. Onyeama told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Monday that the 119 Nigeria missions abroad would serve as one-stop shops to spur investments through information sharing and elimination of bottlenecks.…
The post Nigeria initiates investors' match-making platform – Minister appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — The Memphis Grizzlies put together their biggest scoring quarter of the season, creating enough of a buffer for an easy victory over the shorthanded Phoenix Suns.
Tyreke Evans scored 27 points, Wayne Selden added 17 points and the Grizzlies sent Phoenix to its fifth straight loss with a 120-109 victory on Monday night. The major turning point came in the second quarter, when Memphis outscored the Suns 42-21 creating a double-digit lead that eventually would swell to 25 in the third quarter.
"I thought we competed in the first quarter, then in the second quarter we hit a bit of a slump," Suns interim coach Jay Triano said, later adding: "We dug too big of a hole."
Phoenix played without leading-scorer Devin Booker, who suffered a right rib contusion in the Suns' loss Sunday at Houston. X-rays on the Phoenix guard before Monday night's game were negative.
In a game where both teams seem destined for lottery picks in the draft, it was the potent second-quarter for Memphis that made the difference after a first filled with turnovers and inconsistent offense. Memphis' 17 field goals included the Grizzles converting all three of their shots beyond the arc. Jarell Martin made all three of his shots in the frame, and Evans was perfect on his four attempts. Memphis had 12 of its 29 assists in the second.
"We did a great job sharing the ball," said Martin, who finished with nine points. "We moved the ball pretty well, limited turnovers and got good looks."
Once Memphis went into halftime up 64-47, the Suns never got the deficit under 10 the rest of the way.
Dillon Brooks, Deyonta Davis and Marc Gasol scored 12 points apiece for Memphis, Gasol also grabbed 10 rebounds. Davis missed only one of his six shots on the night, part of the Grizzlies shooting 57 percent for the game.
T.J. Warren led the Suns with 24 points on 10 of 18 shooting, while Josh Jackson scored 20 points.
"I thought defensively, we picked it up, especially in the second quarter," Gasol said. "That allowed us to run and create easy points."
TIP-INS
Suns: Troy Daniels converted a 3-pointer with 9:15 left in the first quarter, the 1,109th consecutive game with a 3-pointer. That surpassed the Dallas Mavericks record of 1,108 between 1999-2012 for the longest in NBA history. ... Won the previous two over the Grizzlies this season — both games by two points. ...Injuries resulted in Isaiah Canaan starting his first game of the season. ... Tyler Ulis and Jared Dudley both scored 13 points, Ulis handing out seven assists.
Grizzlies: It was Gasol's 33rd birthday. He recorded his 20th double-double of the season. .Evans led the team in scoring for the 20th time this season. He has scored at least 25 points in 14 games.
SUNS DOWN
In addition to Booker, center Tyson Chandler didn't play, resting on the second night of a back-to-back. Marquese Chriss who is dealing with a left ankle sprain, also sat out. "We had a lot of talent in the locker room," Triano said of the injuries and rest. Before the game, the Suns interim coach went through the list of who was available and who wouldn't play, adding: "Don't ask me about starters, because I've just gotten a lot of this information (and) haven't had time to process it."
HELPING HANDS
The Grizzlies had 29 assists in the game, led by six each from Selden and Andrew Harrison. "That's the conversation we're having with our guys," interim coach J.B. Bickerstaff said. "Making the extra pass, going from good to great and just sacrificing what you think might be a good opportunity, but it's more important to get your teammate a great opportunity."
UP NEXT
Suns: host the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday.
Grizzlies: Start a four-game road trip in Indiana on Wednesday to face the Pacers.
___
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson has talked up the benefit of playing in front of a Selhurst Park crowd ahead of this weekend's home fixture against Newcastle United.
The Toon Army have struggled at home recently drawing to Brighton, Swansea and Burnley while taking wins on their travels to West Ham and Stoke City over the Christmas period.
The Eagles have had good home form of late however having beaten Burnley and drawn with Manchester City in their most recent two fixtures and only Arsenal have defeat Palace in their last nine home matches.
Hodgson was quick to commend the Selhurst faithful.
He said: "I think all teams appreciate their home advantage in the league there's no question about it. We in particular are pleased with our home advantage because we think we have a fantastic set of fans who really back the team and who support us wholeheartedly from the first to the last.
"Obviously playing at home is a big advantage as it was for Newcastle playing up there because they also have a very partisan crowd and a well supported team but i think it will be a close game."
Palace sits just two points above Newcastle in the Premier League and fell to a late defeat to the Magpies last time out.
The ex-England manager knows both teams are desperate for a result.
"They're an organised team they know what they're doing, we like to think we are too. Both teams are desperate to get points from the game.
"Each team goes to bed on Saturday night dreaming of three points which will lift us into a more safe position in the league but it's all about what we can do on the day of the game, prepare as well as you can and hope if there's any luck going that it falls our way."
Danny Welbeck has escaped retrospective action for his alleged dive during Arsenal's 3-1 win against AC Milan last week, UEFA has confirmed.
The Arsenal and England striker went down in the box after he tangled with left-back Ricardo Rodriguez in the 37th minute of their Europa League second leg at the Emirates.
Arsenal were trailing 1-0 at the time but Welbeck converted the penalty and later added a second as the London club progressed to the quarter-finals with a 5-1 aggregate victory.
A spokesman for European football's governing body confirmed on Monday that no case had been opened against the 27-year-old but made no further comment.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said at the time that he had not seen the incident properly but that he would speak to Welbeck if he felt the player had been guilty of diving.
"There are two things: was it a penalty or not? I don't know. The Italian players were unhappy with it. I can understand that, because I don't really know what it was," Wenger said.
"After that, Danny took the penalty in a convincing way, and I will watch it again and give my honest feeling about it.
"I will give him my honest feeling about it as well (if I view it as a dive), don't worry."
1:28
Panthers Luke Kuechly on familiarity with Buffalo Bills: 'They know us, we know them'
Purdue guard Carsen Edwards 3) shoots over Rutgers forward Mamadou Doucoure during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Piscataway, N.J.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new weather warning has been issued for Croydon as more extreme weather is forecast to hit the borough at the end of the week.
A yellow weather warning for rain has been issued by the Met Office for Croydon between 11am on Thursday (May 31) and 9pm on Friday (June 1), which could bring thunderstorms.
The forecast bad weather could lead to some homes and businesses flooding, with possible damage to some buildings from floodwater, lightning strikes, hail and strong winds.
Spray and sudden flooding could lead to difficult driving conditions, the Met Office has added, while there is also a chance of power cuts.
The chief forecaster for the Met Office said: “Thunderstorms are expected to move northwards into southern and some eastern parts of England during Thursday morning, with further heavy showers and thunderstorms developing across a wider area during the course of the afternoon and evening.
“Any thunderstorms over eastern England and the north Midlands will move through relatively quickly, but further south and west, they could become slow moving and lead to torrential rain in some places.
“There is the potential for 30-40mm of rain to fall in one hour and perhaps as much as 60-80mm in two-three hours. As well as this, frequent lightning and large hail are possible.”
The dramatic weather would follow on from Croydon being hit by an epic storm on Saturday night (May 26), with residents capturing stunning photos of lightning in the sky.
According to BBC Weather, thunderstorms and light winds will hit Croydon at 12pm on Thursday (May 31), and won't ease until 9pm.
On Friday, light rain is currently forecast.
Jamie Redknapp believes Tottenham striker Harry Kane would be the perfect England captain as Gareth Southgate decides on a permanent successor to Wayne Rooney.
Rooney retired from international football last month, having not played for England since November 2016.
The departure of the experienced forward has left the role of skipper up for grabs ahead of the World Cup in Russia.
Kane led the team against Slovenia at Wembley on Thursday, scoring the only goal of a 1-0 win in injury time to secure qualification for next year's finals.
Job done! Qualified for the World Cup! A really great feeling. 👌 #ThreeLions 🦁🦁🦁 pic.twitter.com/ELzNGYoq5B — Harry Kane (@HKane) October 5, 2017
And Redknapp, who was capped 17 times by his country, feels the head coach should look no further than the Spurs centre-forward.
"You've got Jordan Henderson who's the captain of Liverpool, I like Jordan a lot," Redknapp told Omnisport.
"You've obviously got Gary Cahill at Chelsea, a good leader. But personally I think it's got to be Harry Kane, for me. Best player we've got. Great striker, in top form, nice boy, he's not the sort of guy who's going to court any controversy.
"I think he'll be the ideal candidate. It's up to Gareth. History suggests somebody like Harry Kane would be perfect to be the England captain."
Looks like you are using an ad-blocker
to continue to provide you with unmatchable content, disable the ad-blocker
Accept
Get the Think newsletter.
Few speeches are more recognizable than the Gettysburg Address. President Abraham Lincoln's soaring 272-word speech at the November 1863 dedication of the Soldiers' National Cemetery stands alone among orations in American history for its clarion statement of American purpose: “that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom — and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.”
In the beginning of his speech, Lincoln took care to connect the core ideals on which the United States was founded, and for which the Civil War was being fought, not to the Constitution but to the more aspirational Declaration of Independence — penned by Thomas Jefferson over a decade before the Constitution was ratified. “Four score and seven years ago” wasn't just a clever turn of phrase — it was a subtle but significant elevation of 1776 at the expense of 1787.
Lincoln took care to connect the core ideals on which the United States was founded, and for which the Civil War was being fought, not to the Constitution but to the more aspirational Declaration of Independence.
As Lincoln would have it, Union soldiers weren't fighting for the separation of powers, the Bill of Rights, or even the supremacy of the federal government (although that theme had often been invoked in the earlier years of the war). Instead, Lincoln suggested they were fighting for liberty from tyrannical government and the equality of all men (and, belatedly, women). This, despite the fact that no provision of the original Constitution reflected such principles (and several were expressly antithetical to them). Our “founding,” in Lincoln's view, was not when we agreed to the legal system under which we currently operate; it was when we agreed to a more fundamental commitment to everyone's right to “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.”
Even as we go to parades, host barbecues and watch fireworks, we tend to neglect the significance of the fact that our national birthday is July 4, not September 17 (the day in 1787 on which the Constitution was signed) or June 21 (the day in 1788 on which it entered into effect), or April 30 (the day in 1789 on which George Washington was sworn in as our first president). What this choice of birthday suggests is that, whereas we are governed by the Constitution, our national ethos is more than just the sum of the rules of our legal system — which, too many times in American history, have indulged, if not directly perpetuated, inequality and oppression.
We aspire to more because that was our justification for breaking away from the British in the first place. And so, ever since 1870, July 4, and not any other date, has been recognized by Congress as the day on which we celebrate America's birthday — defining our core national identity as one of egalitarianism, first and foremost.
We aspire to more because that was our justification for breaking away from the British in the first place.
Although there is nothing especially meaningful about this particular birthday (our 242nd, if you're counting), I'm reminded of this history as we await President Donald Trump's announcement of his nominee to replace Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy. If the nominee is confirmed, it will lead to a solidification of a solid five-justice majority of “originalists,” i.e., judges who believe that we should interpret the Constitution largely (if not exclusively) through the original words and understandings embraced by the Founders. Although it's been almost a half-century since a majority of sitting justices were appointed by Democratic presidents, it's been over 80 years since there was such a clear, unshakeable conservative majority on the court, and perhaps never one so outwardly committed to originalism.
Forests have been felled over the appropriateness of originalism as a methodology of constitutional interpretation. As Chief Justice John Marshall famously wrote in his 1819 ruling in McCulloch v. Maryland, the Constitution was never meant to have “the prolixity of a legal code,” but was instead meant to be “expounde[d]” by judges according to its “great outlines” and “important objects.”
One of the common normative defenses of originalism is that it leads to more predictable, objective results than what is often described as “living constitutionalism,” i.e., the idea that the meaning of at least some of the Constitution's provisions necessarily evolves in tandem with the evolution of our society. By that reasoning, originalism is grounded in the Constitution's text, whereas living constitutionalism has no polestar other than the (current) judge's (current) beliefs.
One of the strongest defenses of living constitutionalism is that the Constitution itself, like the country, is aspirational — and that we ought to interpret it with at least some reference to our national identity.
But one of the strongest defenses of living constitutionalism is that the Constitution itself, like the country, is aspirational — and that we ought to interpret it with at least some reference to our national identity. Marshall himself, in his 1819 ruling upholding the constitutionality of Congress's power to charter a national bank, reached that decision at least in part based upon a vision of a future, bicoastal economic powerhouse that had little factual basis in Marshall's contemporary reality and little legal basis in the Constitution's text.
In the process, Marshall explained, again without reference to the Constitution's literal words, that “[t]he government of the Union … is, emphatically, and truly, a government of the people. In form and in substance it emanates from them. Its powers are granted by them, and are to be exercised directly on them, and for their benefit.”
Forty-four years later, Lincoln borrowed from Marshall in the closing line of the Gettysburg Address, exhorting listeners to do their part to ensure “that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.” As we, and the next Supreme Court justice, celebrate America's birthday this year, let us also remember why we celebrate July Fourth in the first place. Because what defines America's greatness (and its shortcomings) is far more than just the sum of the Constitution's text.
Steve Vladeck (@steve_vladeck) is a professor of law at the University of Texas School of Law whose teaching and research focus on federal jurisdiction, constitutional law, and national security law. Steve is co-editor-in-chief of the Just Security blog (@just_security) and co-host of the National Security Law Podcast (@nslpodcast).
A young man has spoken out against those who bully him at school in a video clip that's making waves on the internet.
On Friday, December 8, his mother posted a video after picking him up from school in Tennessee.
“Keaton asked to do this AFTER he had me pick him up AGAIN, because he was afraid to go to lunch,” her Facebook post read.
In the video, and on the verge of tears, Keaton Jones emotionally describes how he's bullied at school.
“They make fun of my nose. They call me ugly. They say I have no friends,” Keaton told his mother in a car.
He even said sometimes things get physical at lunch.
“They poured milk on me and put ham down my clothes,” he recounted, fighting back tears. “Throw bread at me.”
Keaton also expresses confusion. Why do they bully?
“What's the point of it?” he asked. “Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
Keaton said he also feels for others who suffer through similar situations.
“I don't like that they do it to me. And I, for sure, don't like that they do it to other people,” he told his mother. “People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault.”
The video, as of Sunday evening, had over 19 million views and over 384,000 shares since being posted just two days prior.
“My kids are by no stretch perfect, & at home, he's as all boy as they come, but by all accounts he's good at school,” wrote Kimberly. “Talk to your kids. I've even had friends of mine tell me they're kids were only nice to him to get him to mess with people. We all know how it feels to want to belong, but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.”
Keaton's message went viral, catching the attention of several celebrities who wanted to reach out and offer their support.
“Keaton, this is so accurate,” wrote Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown on Twitter. “Why do people do this? I think your sooo cool Keaton! I wanna be your friend ( but srsly) ur freakin awesome.”
Keaton, this is so accurate. Why do people do this? I think your sooo cool Keaton! I wanna be your friend ( but srsly) ur freakin awesome ?? https://t.co/LD7Q762bL9 — Millie Bobby Brown (@milliebbrown) December 9, 2017
UFC President Dana White offered to bring Keaton to the UFC Headquarters in Las Vegas.
“Meet Keaton Jones a very smart little boy who is being bullied at school. This video is heartbreaking!!” White wrote on Twitter.
Meet Keaton Jones a very smart little boy who is being bullied at school. This video is heartbreaking!! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters. If anyone knows how i can reach the family please let me know. Thank u everyone pic.twitter.com/BR8c4ldDFc — Dana White (@danawhite) December 10, 2017
The University of Tennessee Vols sophomore wide receiver Tyler Byrd saw the video and tweeted Saturday afternoon that he and several teammates are planning to pay Keaton a visit at the school Tuesday.
We're going to the middle school next Tuesday show young Man some love we will also TWITTER LIVE some of it so everyone can show there love and support #vols #StopBullying @cboystunna3 @BroadwayJay2 @JKShuttlesworth @smithtrey98 — Tyler Byrd (@D1fuzzymuffin17) December 9, 2017
Shortly thereafter, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker posted a video of himself reading a quote by Guatama Buddha.
“Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think. Joy follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves,” he read, before adding, “You can be whoever you want to be. Sorry that bullying has been taking place at your school. Hopefully this video and all the tweets that are being put out there make awareness to stop bullying.”
@DonteStallworth @Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker (@delaniewalker82) December 9, 2017
Walker offered Keaton and his family four tickets to watch the team play on December 31.
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said in a tweet that the video was heartbreaking and that Keaton could add him to his list of friends.
This is heartbreaking. But the response of support for him is a beautiful thing. Add me to your long list of friends Keaton. https://t.co/NKasvdo00u — Ralph Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) December 10, 2017
In a Saturday afternoon Facebook post, Jones responded to the outpouring of support for her son.
“Friends, overwhelmed is the understatement of the world right now. I love each of you for what you are doing," she said, adding that she could not read or respond to all of the messages and invitations to join groups that had inundated her mailbox since the viral video.
"I'm humbled by the voice my boy has been given, but he's still just a little boy, and he's a little boy who desperately wants acceptance, that I have to try to find a way to navigate him through the difference in true acceptance and attention," she wrote. "I know God has His hand in this and I trust that the right things will happen in the right time. In the meantime, bear with us."
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
A Swiss tourist couple who thought they were doing a good deed caused an international incident when a bat they rescued turned out to have rabies, federal health officials said.
The pair were only tracked down and notified after officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention opened channels usually reserved for infectious disease emergencies.
But rabies is almost 100 percent fatal and the CDC didn't want to mess around.
“Two tourists were in Naples, Florida. They found a bat just outside of a grocery store,” said Dr. Ryan Wallace, a rabies expert at the CDC's National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases.
“They took the bat and they brought it to a local veterinary clinic and unfortunately didn't leave any contact information at all. The bat died at the clinic and tested positive. (It) was reported to the state health department of Florida.”
That set off alarm bells. Rabies is the most deadly virus known, bats across the Americas carry it, and even the tiniest scratch can transmit it. People often don't realize they have been exposed.
Just days before, a 6-year-old boy in Florida had caught rabies via a bat scratch, and he later died.
But the veterinary clinic had not had a chance to get any official information about the couple who had turned in the bat.
“When they went to investigate, they realized the only information we had was that a couple with a foreign accent who may have been Swiss, in their 50s or 60s, dropped the bat off. And that was all we knew,” Wallace said.
Related: Vaccine could have saved boy who died of rabies
Alerts on the local news did not flush out the couple, who, for all the CDC and local health authorities knew, had already gone back home.
“We kind of threw a Hail Mary,” Wallace said. The CDC reached out to Swiss authorities with “probably the least amount of information we have ever had: Two people that we think are Swiss, who might have been in Florida on vacation in Naples, Florida, might have touched a bat. Can you help us find them?” he said.
“Switzerland took that information, made a national press release.”
It worked.
Bats can carry rabies. Any bat found behaving in an unusual manner should be turned in for rabies testing. Gregorio B. Dantes Jr. / Sipa USA via AP
“Within five hours that couple self-identified themselves,” Wallace said. They said they both had handled the bat with bare hands. They have now been vaccinated against rabies.
Rabies still kills 55,000 or more people a year around the world, the World Health Organization says. In the past few months, two people have died from rabies in Florida — the 6-year-old boy, and an unidentified victim who died last October.
"Two people that we think are Swiss, who might have been in Florida on vacation in Naples, Florida, might have touched a bat. Can you help us find them?" "Two people that we think are Swiss, who might have been in Florida on vacation in Naples, Florida, might have touched a bat. Can you help us find them?"
People who fear they've been exposed to rabies first get an injection of immune globulin — pre-made antibodies designed to grab any circulating virus right away. Then they get four doses over 14 days of a preventive vaccine, which boosts the body's own immune response.
If people get vaccinated in time, before symptoms begin to show, the vaccine is 100 percent effective, Wallace said. Once symptoms begin, it is almost always too late.
“Between 40,000 and 60,000 people a year get the rabies vaccine — almost everyone who should,” Wallace said. “It is widely available. It's one of the reasons we have so few human deaths from rabies in the United States.”
Because rabies is uncommon in Europe, the Swiss couple likely were unaware of the danger, Wallace said. They were lucky that health authorities went to such lengths to track them down.
“It's crazy. We really did not think we could find these people,” Wallace said. “Luckily, the Swiss health authority came through.”
His advice: “Any interaction with wildlife you should be thinking rabies, no matter where you are.”
Any bat found behaving in an unusual manner should be turned in for rabies testing, Wallace said.
SHARE COPY LINK Jasmine Jaquel Bradley, 26, is charged with interstate bomb threats, threatening interstate communications and conveying false information and perpetuating a hoax against Child Care Network in Macon. Bibb County Sheriff's Office
Jasmine Jaquel Bradley, 26, is charged with interstate bomb threats, threatening interstate communications and conveying false information and perpetuating a hoax against Child Care Network in Macon. Bibb County Sheriff's Office
New York Yankees' Didi Gregorius, right, celebrates with Aaron Judge after hitting Gregorius hit two-run home run against the Minnesota Twins during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in New York. Julie Jacobson AP Photo
ITV period drama Victoria stars Jenna Coleman, Tom Hughes and Rufus Sewell as the Queen, Prince Albert and Lord Melbourne.
Advertisement
Here's everything you need to know about the main players in series one of this lush production based on one of Britain's most famous monarchs.
Queen Victoria (Jenna Coleman)
The Victoria of 1837 is an energetic teenager whose accession liberates her from the strict system of education developed by her overprotective mother, the German Duchess of Kent and the odious Sir John Conroy
She's probably best known for travelling through space and time with Matt Smith and Peter Capaldi in Doctor Who, but long before she set foot in the TARDIS Jenna Coleman (then Jenna-Louise Coleman) was causing quite the stir as Emmerdale's Jasmine. She also popped up in Dancing on the Edge, played Lydia Wickham in the 2013 adaptation of Death Comes to Pemberley, appeared in the big screen adaptation of Jojo Moyes' Me Before You and had a blink and you'll miss it role in the first Captain America movie.
Prince Albert (Tom Hughes)
Handsome and dashing, Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha, the Queen's first cousin, was for many in the European elite the obvious choice for a sensible, stabilising influence on the unpredictable new queen. But their road to romance was anything but smooth…
The man who would be prince to Jenna Coleman's queen first popped up in Casualty spin-off 1909 before Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant cast him in their coming-of-age flick Cemetery Junction. Hughes played Bruce Pearson, a free-living, womanising teen growing up in the 1970s Reading, a role that doubtlessly prepared him for his turn in Sex, Drugs and Rock and Roll in 2010. You may have spotted him in Hitchcock remake The Lady Vanishes. And he's already starred opposite his queen, Jenna Coleman, in Dancing on the Edge back in 2013, before making his name in BBC spy drama The Game.
Lord Melbourne (Rufus Sewell)
Dubbed ‘Lord M' by the monarch, Melbourne quickly becomes all things to the queen during her first years on the throne: prime minister, private secretary, trusted friend, favourite teacher, surrogate father and – to put it bluntly – love object
Advertisement
Film's favourite baddie (he was cracking in A Knight's Tale, wasn't he?) Rufus Sewell is quite the seasoned actor. He played Fortinbras in Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet and starred in a wide range of productions from The Woodlanders and Dangerous Beauty to Dark City, The Illusionist to Tristan and Isolde. On TV you've probably spotted him in Middlemarch, Charles II: The Power and The Passion and as Alexander Hamilton in HBO's John Adams, to name but a few productions. Oh and The Man in the High Castle fans will know him as Obergruppenführer Smith.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
BOSTON — A judge on Massachusetts' highest court is stepping into a fight over the proposed sale of works of art by a cash-strapped museum.
A hearing before a single justice of the Supreme Judicial Court is set for Tuesday in Boston.
The Berkshire Museum and Attorney General Maura Healey last month asked the judge to sign off on an agreement that would allow the Pittsfield museum to sell up to 40 pieces of art, including works by Norman Rockwell.
The museum says it needs to sell the art to keep its doors open.
Rockwell's sons dropped their challenge of the sale after the attorney general and museum reached the agreement, which would allow Rockwell's “Shuffleton's Barbershop” to be sold to another U.S. museum.
Others continue to oppose the sale.
Two Marshallese women caught up in an apparent illegal adoption scheme have been stopped at Majuro airport and prevented from travelling to the United States by authorities.
Our correspondent Giff Johnson said immigration authorities detained a suspected adoption agent for questioning along with the two women, one had a one month old baby and the other was pregnant.
Giff Johnson said the Immigration Department was tipped off by airline staff and the move signals a crackdown on illegal adoption of babies from the Marshall Islands to the United States.
"The ongoing travel of young women either who are pregnant or have young babies, who want to go up for adoption, obviously that's become a higher priority issue for authorities in the Marshall Islands to check into, so I think it should send a message that there's some concern about it on this end."
Giff Johnson said the detained man later left the Marshall Islands for Hawaii after being questioned.
Comment:
Name:
There is little doubt that Chase Elliott remains the sport's Next Big Thing, with a long and successful career ahead of him. Matt Slocum AP
VICTORIA — Former British Columbia premier Dave Barrett, the scrappy but always smiling leader of the province's first New Democrat government, has died in Victoria. He was 87 years old.
Barrett died Friday morning after a long struggle with Alzheimer's disease, a statement from Premier John Horgan's office said.
“He cared deeply about his province and devoted much of his life to trying to make it a better and fairer place to live. His love of the province was surpassed only by his devotion to his family. He will be sorely missed,” said the statement, issued on behalf of Barrett's family.
First elected to the B.C. legislature in 1960, the former social worker from Vancouver who became known as the champion of the little guy would be elected to the assembly eight times.
He was also elected as a federal New Democrat MP in 1988 in the former Victoria-area riding of Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca.
Barrett made political history when his left leaning New Democrats defeated the five-term Social Credit juggernaut governments of W.A.C. Bennett in 1972. His three-year government from 1972 to 1975 was short-lived but enduring for its political accomplishments and fireworks.
Barron's magazine dubbed Barrett, “Allende of the North,” after the elected socialist Chilean leader Salvador Allende was deposed in a military coup in 1973.
Barrett's government passed a record 357 bills, including protecting agricultural land, introducing public automobile insurance, providing affordable prescription drugs and creating a provincewide ambulance service.
He introduced welfare reforms and created B.C.'s Labour Relations Board, which allowed workers and employers to attempt to resolve their issues without resorting to the courts. He also stopped the practice of mining in parks.
Many of Barrett's reforms have stood the test of time, including the Agricultural Land Reserve and Pharmacare.
“What he was able to accomplish in a three-year mandate was extraordinary,” Horgan once said in an interview.
Horgan said he was working in Ottawa when Barrett was elected as a federal New Democrat in the late 1980s. Barrett ran to lead the federal NDP in 1989, but lost to Audrey McLaughlin.
“When he came to Ottawa it was like nobody had ever seen anything quite like him before,” said Horgan. “He came to Ottawa with a B.C. swagger. He was so brash and so out there, and holding court.”
But it was Barrett's political rivalry with the Bennett family, former premiers W.A.C. Bennett and Bill Bennett, that provided the ingredients for B.C.'s left-right, no-holds-barred politics, said Horgan.
Barrett dethroned the elder Bennett in the 1972 election, but lost to the younger Bennett in 1975, 1979 and 1983.
“In the day, from the late 1960s to the middle of the 1980s, there was a battle between not just two perspectives, but two powerful people that became iconic in B.C. history,” said Horgan. “They shaped the B.C. battles, the politics the rest of the country looked at. It was the clash of these two giants that held sway over two political dynasties, the Socreds and the NDP.”
Brian Smith, a former Social Credit attorney general, said Barrett and Bennett would stare each other down during long debates in the legislature.
“Barrett and Bennett personally disliked each other,” said Smith. “It was palpable. Barrett would sit there and stare at Bennett and try and put the whammy on him.”
But Smith said he saw Barrett's sense of justice and compassion in action in 2006 when the former premier testified as a character witness for a Victoria barber convicted of tax offences. Smith said Barrett's testimony convinced the judge to sentence the barber to house arrest rather than jail.
“I thought, Dave Barrett, you are a pretty neat guy. Even in your failing years you have time to help somebody,” said Smith. “That was Dave Barrett at his best.”
The B.C. Federation of Labour said Barrett's accomplishments include making it possible for government employees to unionize.
“He was a bold premier for a bold era. Barrett's government marked a political coming of age for our province,” federation president Irene Lanzinger said in a statement. “His term as leader of B.C. certainly wasn't a long time, but it surely was a good time to make B.C. a better place for working people.”
In 2010, B.C.'s Liberal government renamed the viewpoint in Cypress Provincial Park in West Vancouver as Barrett's View.
In Opposition in 1964, Barrett pressed the government to preserve forest land in Cypress Bowl from development and in 1975, as premier, Barrett established Cypress Park.
Barrett received the Order of Canada in 2005 and the Order of British Columbia in 2012.
Police arrested 28 suspects in a pre-dawn raid early Tuesday morning in a crackdown against the haredi anti-draft group known as the Yerushalmi Faction.
The Yerushalmi Faction, led by Rabbi Shmuel Auerbach, has had mass demonstrations and blocked roads across the country to protest the draft of yeshiva students into the IDF. Unlike mainstream haredi groups, the Yerushalmi Faction discourages its members from seeking deferments from the army as yeshiva students, arguing that such behavior legitimizes the existing draft law.
Among the 28 suspects arrested Tuesday are senior members of the Hapeles newspaper, the mouthpiece of the Yerushalmi Faction.
Police say the suspects allegedly attempted to extort businesses, harassing and threatening company officials with ultimatums to advertise in Hapeles, warning that the failure to do so would be seen as an insult to a large segment of the haredi population and would have serious consequences. The harassment of the targeted officials was reportedly ongoing on a daily basis.
Tuesday's operation also included searches of offices maintained by Hapeles.
The arrestees included residents of Jerusalem, Modiin Illit, Bnei Brak, Ashdod, Rechasim, and Hadera.
During the arrests of suspects in Bnei Brak, some locals clashed with police, hurling stones and other objects at officers.
New York Police Department Commissioner James P. O'Neill told reports on Monday that the explosion near the Port Authority bus terminal was "terror-related".
O'Neill said the suspect, 27-year-old Bangladeshi Akayed Ullah, was "wearing an improvised low-tech explosive device".
Police reminding motorists to lock it or lose it after a rash of petty thefts. Three arrests have been made in the Huntsville area, where a number of cars had been entered and had items taken from them. In on case a vehicle contained the keys to another car. The suspects made off with those and the car they belonged to. Change and personal items were taken from the remaining vehicles in the Glencarin Crest area. Three youths face several charges including theft under 5-thousand, theft OVER 5-thousand and theft of a motor vehicle. OPP remind drivers to always roll up windows, lock doors and never leave your car unattended to warm up in the driveway.
Southampton have sacked manager Claude Puel with immediate effect.
The Frenchman took over at St Mary's last summer and guided Saints to the EFL Cup final, where they lost to Manchester United, and an eighth-placed finish in last season's Premier League.
But the board has opted to make a change, dismissing the former Lyon and Nice boss. A statement from Southampton said the club had "terminated the contract of Claude Puel with immediate effect".
It continued: "Everyone at Southampton would like to express our thanks to Claude for his hard work and commitment this year.
"The highlight of the season was a memorable day at Wembley in the EFL Cup final, a day our fans will always treasure. We wish Claude well for the future.
"The search for a new management team is under way.
"We are confident that we will find the right fit in line with the long term vision of the club."
Despite the positivity around Southampton's Wembley appearance in February, they lost 16 league games to slip to eighth after Ronald Koeman had delivered sixth place before moving to Everton.
The south-coast side also suffered early exits from both the FA Cup and the Europa League.
Come the final game of the season, a 1-0 home defeat to Stoke, Saints fans appeared to have turned against Puel, chanting "You don't know what you're doing" and booing the Castres-born tactician.
Rumours of player unrest have continued into the summer and, on the day which saw the 2017-18 fixtures released, Puel has departed Hampshire just 12 months into a two-year contract.
Former Borussia Dortmund boss Thomas Tuchel, Premier League-winning Italian Claudio Ranieri and recent Alaves coach Mauricio Pellegrino have been linked with Saints, while Reading's Jaap Stam is another reported contender after guiding the Royals to the Sky Bet Championship play-off final.
Almost $13 trillion. That's the eye-popping figure for total household debt as of September 30, 2017, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. To put that in perspective, the former record was set in the first quarter of 2008, right before the onset of the financial crisis. Credit card debt, auto loan debt, student loan debt and mortgage debt are all on the rise (and while home equity loans and lines of credit decreased slightly, borrowing is projected to ramp up significantly in the next few years to come).
If you're one of the many resolving to get a handle on your debt in 2018, starting now could give you a significant head start. The good news: You don't have to do it the old-fashioned way. Here are some tech tools to help you reach your goal.
1. Make an actionable payoff plan: Unbury.Me
The aptly-named Unbury.I is a free online tool that allows users to create an account, list all of their debt and map out a payment plan to suit their needs. (The tool offers both the “avalanche” method (attacking the highest interest rate debt first, then moving to the second-highest and so on) and the “snowball” method (focusing on the lowest balance first, then the second-lowest and so on). The first technically saves you the most money in the long run, but the second could be the right choice if short-term wins increase your long-term motivation to funnel more money to your goal. The tool also demonstrates the effect of solely paying the minimum versus doubling up on payments one month, says accounting technologist Louie Balasny.
2. Attack debt subconsciously: Qoins
The team at Qoins focuses on rounding up each of your purchases to the nearest dollar (much like the investing app Acorns), then applying that cash to your student loan or credit card debt. Almost $1 million in spare change has been saved since the app launched in January 2017, and on a monthly basis, the average user saves roughly $50 to $55 (or $600 plus a year). To get started, you sign up, then link your financial account to begin saving. (Note: The app costs $1.99 a month, but it takes the fee out of your savings pool rather than charging your card.) For users who are patrons of smaller financial institutions that aren't supported, Qoins has an algorithm that analyzes your checking account and pulls out small amounts of money to save daily on your behalf (usually between 50 cents and $5).
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call Pause
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
5:16 When a river of grass runs dry
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
The Grantham Journal is on the move.
Your favourite local news provider is moving from offices in St Peter's Hill to Watergate, in Grantham, where the newspaper was founded in 1854.
Iliffe Media, which bought the Journal in January of last year, has bought the new premises at 18 Watergate, which used to be a woman's outfitters, called Diva.
Managing director Richard Parkinson said: “We have been looking for a new base, where we can welcome readers and advertisers to call in, for sometime and now we have it, right in the heart of the town centre and in a location which has links to the founding of the Journal.”
The Journal is using local contractors to update the building, including long-term advertisers and Journal supporters Avanti Windows and Viking Signs. The editorial and advertising staff are looking forward to moving in around Easter time.
“This is a high profile premises for us, which is just what we were looking for, it suits our needs perfectly,” said Mr Parkinson. “Iliffe Media wants to invest in the Journal, as it is clear local media and Grantham have a great future in store, and this is the first step in that journey.”
New signage will be erected on the building in the near future, once the internal and external works have been completed.
Group editor Paul Richardson commented: “The editorial and advertising staff are looking forward to moving in by April. It's great that we have been able to use local contractors to do the work for us, because that is what the Journal is all about...the people in the community it serves.
“This move means we will be able to serve that community even better.”
Director Sandra Goldbacher said recasting the role was the only way to save "hundreds and hundreds of people's work", adding that she was encouraged after seeing Ridley Scott perform a similar feat with All the Money in the World
The producers of BBC drama Ordeal by Innocence have explained the decision to recast and reshoot the Agatha Christie adaptation following sexual assault allegations made against original actor Ed Westwick.
Advertisement
Ordeal by Innocence was dropped from the BBC Christmas schedules after allegations of sexual assault were made against actor Westwick in November last year. Westwick strenuously denies the allegations.
Producers Mammoth Screen decided to reshoot parts of the series with another actor, 30-year-old English star Christian Cooke. Now director Sandra Goldbacher and producer Damien Timmer have explained in a new interview with Radio Times why the decision was made.
“Hundreds and hundreds of people's work would have just gone,” director Goldbacher says in the new issue of Radio Times, “or been indefinitely delayed. Which would have been devastating for everyone.”
Goldbacher adds that she was encouraged by the example of director Ridley Scott, who recast and reshot Hollywood movie All the Money in the World with Christopher Plummer following allegations made against original star Kevin Spacey.
“I felt encouraged by Ridley Scott having done it. It was like a sort of talisman for us all: he's done it, so we can do it,” she said.
A trailer for the re-worked BBC series was recently released, including Cooke as character Mickey Argyll.
Goldbacher and producer Damian Timmer explain in the new issue how they were able to bring the original cast and locations back for the re-shoots, despite the late notice and time constraints.
While original filming took place in the summer, the re-shoots were conducted in winter. As a consequence, Timmer explains, “the technical challenges were reversed. This time, we had the snow, not the sun.”
Both Ordeal by Innocence and All the Money in the World were re-cast in order for the production to go ahead. However, other projects including Netflix biopic Gore starring Spacey were shelved.
Timmer says in the interview that the experience of Ordeal by Innocence shows that the television and film industry is able to adapt to meet specific challenges.
“Every era throws up new challenges that impact on filming. You might always have shot a series in a location that suddenly becomes a terrorist zone. The industry adapts and finds ways of working around whatever the issues is at the time.”
Ordeal by Innocence will now be shown on BBC1 this Easter.
Advertisement
Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times, on sale now
Sevilla have received no offer from Barcelona for centre-back Clement Lenglet and are in talks with the Frenchman regarding a contract extension that will increase his release clause, according to club president Jose Castro.
Lenglet has gained many admirers since joining Sevilla from Nancy in January 2017, quickly securing a first-team role under Jorge Sampaoli and remaining a key figure this season, playing 35 times – more than any of his team-mates – in LaLiga.
Reports of Barça's interest were prominent for much of the campaign and there have even been claims the club already have an agreement with Lenglet.
But Castro insists he sees no reason not to be optimistic about Sevilla's talks over a possible contract extension for Lenglet, as they hope to increase his €30million release clause.
Speaking at the presentation of new coach Pablo Machin, Castro said: "We have no record of Lenglet having an agreement with any other club and we have no reason to think that he will leave Seville.
"The news that comes out can come out. The meetings we've had are to increase his clause and renew.
"We will continue talking and we will meet again in a few days, but at no time has he told us about other clubs or any offer.
"We do not know of offers neither through the representative nor from any club, aside from what we read in the media."
If Lenglet does remain at Sevilla, he will begin the new season with a fifth coach in a year and a half at the club, with Machin following in the footsteps of Jorge Sampaoli, Eduardo Berizzo, Vincenzo Montella and Joaquin Caparros, who is now director of football.
And Machin expressed great confidence in his own abilities during his presentation to the local media on Wednesday.
"So far I have always fulfilled the objectives that I have been asked, sometimes even surpassed them," Machin told reporters.
"I know perfectly the club that I come to and that I am responsible for putting Sevilla back where it deserves to be. I am completely prepared."
Southern Georgina Bay OPP will be out on the snow mobile trails this weekend to make sure drivers obey Ontario Federation of Snowmobile Clubs rules. Special attention being paid to aggressive drivers not obeying OFSC trail rules and impaired drivers. There will be R.I.D.E. checks to help keep area snowmobile trails safe for all skill levels.
Stuart Lancaster has said he's "gutted" for Dave Kearney after it was confirmed the winger will miss the trip to Lyon for the Champions Cup semi-final showdown against Clermont this Sunday (3pm).
The 27-year-old is due to have further scans on his ankle later this week to assess the full extent of the setback.
He received oxygen as he left the pitch against Connacht on Saturday evening after 47 minutes, the latest blow in an injury-ravaged campaign that has seen him miss a large chunk of action due to toe and ankle problems.
"We're in good shape after the Connacht game," said senior coach Lancaster. "Dave Kearney is the only new concern.
"I was gutted for Dave. Hopefully he comes back before the end of the season.
"Clermont is a very strong team. You know that whatever team they put out, on their day, playing at home, the motivation of trying to get to a European Cup final, on the back of beating Toulon... they're going to be hugely motivated.
"We've got to match that fire with fire."
Meanwhile Mike McCarthy has played his last game for Leinster after they confirmed the 36-year-old will miss the rest of the season with back and elbow problems.
McCarthy, bound for French Pro D2 outfit Racing Club de Narbonne in the summer, had surgery on a disc in his back.
He also requires treatment to a damaged elbow, and although Leinster said he's recovering well, McCarthy will not be back in time for the season's climax.
The London-born second row, capped 19 times for Ireland, won a Pro12 title with Leinster in 2013/14 - his first season with the province - lining out in the No 5 shirt in a 34-12 win against Glasgow Warriors in the RDS final.
He made his international debut in August 2011 against Scotland in a Rugby World Cup warm-up game and was a late call up to the squad in the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
In other injury news Cathal Marsh and Bryan Byrne will both return to training this week after quad and calf issues and Jack Conan is expected to train following a neck injury picked up in the win over the Ospreys.
There was no update on Rob Kearney (knee and bicep), Jamie Heaslip (back) or Jordi Murphy (ACL).
Listen to Munster v Saracens live on RTÉ Radio 1's Saturday Sport, 3.15pm
Expedition 52 flight engineers Paolo Nespoli of the European Space Agency, left, Sergey Ryazanskiy of Roscosmos, and Randy Bresnik of NASA outside a Soyuz simulator.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
Launch day is here for three new crew members of the International Space Station, and you can watch the liftoff live right here at 11:41 a.m. EDT (the live coverage is scheduled to begin at 10:45 a.m. EDT).
Aboard the Soyuz rocket will be NASA astronaut Randy Bresnik, along with Russia's Sergey Ryazanskiy and Paolo Nespoli of the European Space Agency, NASA said in a statement posted on its website.
The rocket will lift off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for the six-hour trip to the ISS, where the trio will be greeted by three crew members already aboard the ISS: NASA astronauts Peggy Whitson and Jack Fiischer and Russian cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin.
The six crew members will spend more than four months aboard the ISS conducting experiments in biology, biotechnology, physical science, and Earth science.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
CAIRO — Two passenger trains collided on Friday just outside Egypt's Mediterranean port city of Alexandria, killing at least 36 people and injuring about 123, according to two medical officials.
A statement by the Egyptian Railways Authority said a train traveling to Alexandria from Cairo, Egypt's capital, crashed into the back of another train, which was waiting at a small station in the district of Khorshid, just east of Alexandria.
A general view of people by the wreckage after two passenger trains collided in Alexandria, Egypt, on Friday. Hazem Gouda / EPA
The stationary train had just arrived from Port Said, a Mediterranean city on the northern tip of the Suez Canal, when it was hit, according to the statement.
The statement did not say what caused the accident, saying only that the authority's experts would be investigating.
Associated Press video footage from the scene showed mangled train coaches on the tracks as hundreds of onlookers and victims' relatives gathered around on both sides of the tracks.
Ambulances were standing by and riot police were deployed to keep the onlookers away from the scene of the disaster.
Egypt's railway system has a poor safety record, mostly blamed on decades of badly maintained equipment and poor management.
Friday's collision was the latest in a series of deadly accidents that have claimed hundreds of lives over the years. Figures recently released by the state's statistics agency show that 1,249 train accidents took place last year, the highest number since 2009 when the number reached 1,577.
Friday's accident was the deadliest rail accident since 2006, when at least 51 people were killed when two commuter trains collided near Cairo.
Two trains are seen after they collided just outside Egypt's Mediterranean port city of Alexandria, Friday. Ravy shaker / AP
And earlier, in 2002, a massive fire engulfed a train filled with local holiday travelers. The train sped for miles, with flames engulfing one carriage after another, killing more than 370 people.
In November 2012, a speeding train crashed into a bus carrying Egyptian children to their kindergarten in the country's south, killing more than 50 — mostly children between the ages of four and six. Two months later, at least 19 people died and more than 100 were injured in a train derailment south of Cairo.
At a recent meeting of the SKDC Cabinet, during which the council's proposed budget was considered,​ Labour councillors observed a number of our group proposals are being adopted as council policy but key questions remain over others. ​A​ common theme was the need for SKDC to improve its strategic thinking.
The Labour Group has persistently contested plans to develop the Spitalgate Heath site citing ​local concern​s ​which include the lack of supporting infrastructure, ​significant ​highways impact​,​ and​​ lack​ of​ affordable housing. Only Labour councillors have to date voted against it. With a ​new ​site ​including ​over 3,500 houses​ and estimated 4,000 business places,​ local people will face thousands of additional cars on the road in South Grantham. The new retail outlet, which has been approved for development​,​ prior to the relief road being complete​d​, will also attract 3.5m visitors a year in th​at ​vicinity.
Promises of economic gain for the town sound hollow when there is inadequate parking to offer new visitors. I suggested that SKDC consider purchasing more land or partnering with private landowners to address the severe shortage of on-street parking already near the town centre​, combined with an over reliance by SKDC on private car parks​,​ which have strict time limits​ and​​ hefty fines associated with them.
Over four years ago the Labour group, after listening to SKDC staff and local businesses, also called for a business waste collection Service. This would not only improve the offering available to local businesses but also provide much needed revenue for the council. This has finally started to take off, but ​we ​note recycling is not yet included. The Labour group also called four years ago for SKDC ​to ​promote our town​‘​s heritage and provided proposals for a historic and craft venture. Another idea finally being implemented.
The provision of healthcare is vital for all living, working and visiting our area. It also supports the councils' strategic growth Plans. Yet, unlike other councils ​(​many of whom have taken ​direct action​ in the campaign​ to protect health services​, including payment for judicial reviews and legal action​) SKDC and LCC have taken a back seat​,​ responding to the calls of campaigners​,​ rather than being proactive themselves. With notable exceptions, at best platitudes have been expressed​,​ and​​ the odd letter sent.
Whilst ​stating ​‘100%​ support for our campaign​', SKDCs Conservative Group would not back a recent plea for £1,000, which would have enabled campaigners to seek immediate legal advice on ​how ​to best progress the hospital campaign. For a minimal outlay SKDC could have made an important timely, practical and symbolic contribution. The Conservative Group, chose not to.
Local councillors have ​other opportunities to consider their position, ​whether ​through personal donations, or through the use of the new Grant Scheme. The debate at last week's United Lincolnshire Hospital Trust Board meeting was a sobering reminder of why action must be taken​. The board's strategic focus ​being​ how to save ​£76m and what services will have to be cut in the ​process​.​
The list of retailers dumping some Trump products continues to grow.
Sears and Kmart announced over the weekend that they're removing 31 items in the "Trump Homes" brand from their websites, though many remain.
"We constantly monitor products for productivity, adding products that are in demand and removing products with lesser demand," said Chris Brathwaite, Vice President, Corporate Communications at Sears Holdings Corporation (SHC), in a statement. SHC owns Kmart and the Shop Your Way website.
Trump Homes consists of furniture, lighting, bedding and chandeliers, some of which are made by manufacturers who supply Trump Hotels. The lines were not sold in physical Sears and Kmart stores.
A search of the Sears website Monday turned up four items currently for sale, including a $248 "pendant in weathered umber" that incorporates "rustic Tuscan charm in the intricate leaf details and metalwork;" and a six-inch Slovenian-made crystal bowl that promises "Donald Trump's signature attention to detail and high quality" for $171. Both items are currently discounted for about $20 off. Each indicated they were sold on the website via third-party online retailers and not directly by Sears or Kmart.
A screenshot of Trump Homes products for sale on Sears.com on Monday, February 13th, 2017. Sears.com
The company stressed that its product pruning "included a very small number of Trump products" and that it was not getting out of the Trump business but still sold "hundreds of products" from "Trump" and "Ivanka Trump" brands online.
In other words, they're selling lamps and shoes, not a point of view.
"We prefer to remain focused on serving our members and our marketplace sellers and leave the politics to others," Brathwaite said.
His company has been in streamline mode lately as Sears tries to stave off bankruptcy, shutting 150 stores and selling its popular in-house Craftsman tool line to Black & Decker.
It's not the only company to make headlines recently for putting daylight between themselves and Trump brand lines over poor performance.
Ivanka Trump sales reportedly dropped 32 percent at Nordstrom prior to its decision to stop carrying her line for the next season, the WSJ said, citing internal Nordstrom figures provided by a third party.
A Nordstrom spokesperson told NBC News, "We haven't and won't be sharing specific sales results for this brand or any other. We don't know where these numbers came from and we did not share them."
A comment wasn't available from an Ivanka Trump spokesperson.
After the news broke publicly, President Trump slammed Nordstrom on Twitter for treating his daughter "unfairly."
The luxury retailer's stock took a momentary ding before soaring 7 percent.
Other companies who have recently removed some Trump-branded products from their websites or stores include Belk, Burlington, Marshall's, Neiman Marcus, and T.J. Maxx, with some citing poor performance.
Miami hockey hopes to up its intensity and pace of its game when it hosts Western Michigan this weekend. The RedHawks are playing for their first win in four games, first series win since late October and their first National Collegiate Hockey Conference series win.
“Sometimes when you go through a little bit of a spell like we are, a little bit of adversity, I always tell the team that every year I've been in coaching, every team goes through adversity,” head coach Enrico Blasi said in his weekly press conference. “You can't tiptoe around it.”
Last weekend, the 'Hawks (9-12-3, 4-8-2 NCHC) lost 6-3 at Colorado College on Friday and tied the Tigers 4-4 on Saturday. Saturday's point in the NCHC standings was Miami's first since Jan. 5, and leaves Miami ninth in the nine-team NCHC.
On the other end of the ice, the Western Michigan Broncos (13-12-1, 8-8-0 NCHC) have also struggled in their last couple outings. The Broncos arrive in Oxford on a three-game losing streak, though they are tied for third in the NCHC and rank 15th in the country.
“[Western Michigan] knows how to play and they play hard, and they do a good job of getting pucks to the net and their D-core is active,” Blasi said. “You still have to prepare to play a very good hockey team and a dynamic team — they've got some guys who can fly and we have to be ready to go.”
Being ready for the RedHawks has meant playing well with and without the puck, playing through all three zones and sticking to the process. That process draws upon Miami's speed and the RedHawks' ability to win one-on-one battles if its playing determined hockey.
Though the 'Hawks have struggled as of late, it's been business as usual — puck protection and transition and turnover drills have punctuated practice for the past several weeks. Consistency has been key to overcoming early deficits and maintaining leads throughout the Red and White's season.
When these teams met two months ago in early December, Miami decisively beat WMU 5-2 on Friday night then lost 4-3 in overtime on Saturday. The RedHawks have struggled this season with game twos, as they are 7-5 on Friday nights, but only 2-7-3 on Saturday nights.
“The game of hockey is full of mistakes, it's the teams that make the fewest mistakes and the teams that capitalize on those mistakes that win,” Blasi said. “For us, it's got to be a focus on playing our best.”
Both Friday and Saturday night could be high-scoring games — the RedHawks and the Broncos both allow 3.42 goals per game. However, WMU edges MU in average goals scored per game with 3.58 compared to Miami's 3.12.
Look to Miami's power play to be the difference maker this weekend, as it ranks first in the country with a 27.8 percent success rate. Against Colorado College last weekend, it went 4-for-9 and went 5-of-15 against Omaha the weekend before.
“The process doesn't change in terms of what the score is. You still have to do those things, the things that we do well, the things that are in our strengths,” Blasi said. “The things that we talk about — the things that we work on day after day — are things that you have to come back to.”
Junior forward Kiefer Sherwood has recently found success on the power play and is fifth on the team with 18 points (6g, 12a). After a slower start to his season, Sherwood enters this weekend on a career-best, seven-game point streak.
Often Sherwood's linemate, freshman forward Phil Knies has scored a goal in four-straight games and leads all Miami freshman with 16 points (9g, 7a). In January's six games, Knies scored six goals and logged eight points. For his efforts, Knies was named NCHC Rookie of the Month.
Defensively, senior defenseman Louie Belpedio and junior defenseman Grant Hutton man Miami's blue line. Belpedio has 22 points on the season (8g, 14a) and ranks fifth nationally among defensemen for average points per game with 0.92. Hutton leads all defenseman with nine goals and is Miami's fourth leading scorer with 19 points.
Though Blasi welcomes the consistency his high-scoring players bring to the lineup, he appreciates his other players' ability to play in and out of the lineup. Against Colorado, five RedHawks only played one night and the uncertainty forces a higher level of compete at practice and in games.
Western Michigan will be missing its leading scorer in sophomore forward Wade Allison who is out with a lower body injury. The Broncos will look to sophomore forwards Dawson DiPietro who ranks second on the team with 27 points (11g, 16a), and Hugh McGing who is third with 26 points (8g, 18a).
Past the halfway point of the season, Miami hopes to start on time against the talented Western Michigan. The RedHawks will look to its veteran maturity and youthful energy to get back in the win column.
“There's no magic way of getting out of where we are right now,” Blasi said. “We just have to continue to work and do the things that we do well.”
Puck drop is tonight at 7:35 p.m. at the Steve ‘Coach' Cady Arena. The game will be broadcast on NCHC.tv. Tomorrow puck drop is 7:05 p.m. and the game will be broadcast on NCHC.tv and Fox College Sports.
Comments
Follow trail legend Ryan Sandes as he prepares to take on the Ultra-Trail Cape Town – UTCT, a race that's close to both his heart and his home.
“I don't want to be defined by Ryan Sandes the racer, I still want to be that 80-year-old ballie trekking around Table Mountain and telling my stories like when I was young I did this and that.”
“My love for running & the outdoors begun on Table Mountain. It was therefore a pretty surreal experience going a full circle racing the Ultra-Trail Cape Town on my home trails in-front of my family, friends & local trail community.”
A Salomon and Andrew King production.
Former Ireland international and three-time British and Irish Lion does Ronan O'Gara does not believe that Johnny Sexton and Owen Farrell can start together for this year's crop of Lions.
Much has been made of the battle between Sexton and Farrell to claim the number 10 jersey for the Lions in their first test against New Zealand on June 24.
The suggestion that both players could start against the All Blacks is gaining traction, with the prospect of Farrell playing at 12 and Sexton at 10, something with head coach Warren Gatland has mentioned previously.
Farrell has played alongside George Ford in the number 12 shirt for England, but that duo has played alongside each other since school and have the kind of understanding that takes more than a month to build.
O'Gara is open to the prospect of having both Sexton and Farrell on the same pitch, but believes that it should only come in the closing stages of a Test.
Speaking to RTÉ 2fm's Game On, he said. "I think you can definitely play them [together] I would like to think you'd play them after 50 minutes though. I don't think it's a good idea starting the two of them.
"Maybe against nine out of the other ten nations in the world you could but I just think with Sonny Bill Williams and Savea and their physical presence you can't.
"They [Sexton and Farrell] are two 10s, they're two really good ball players and there's very little between the two of them.
"Farrell probably shades it in the fact that he's had such an exceptional year with England and Saracens, but there wouldn't be much between them.
"The issue is that it's very hard to name a stand out midfielder for the Lions. Who's going to play 10, 12, 13? If you ask anyone you get three different answers."
For O'Gara the issue is further complicated by the quality of the opposition that the Lions are facing.
The Racing 92 coach believes that the Lions are facing the best team in world rugby and that a Test win for the visitors would be a huge achievement.
"It's winnable if you get unbelievably excited by the opportunity and I think that opportunity is, well let's be realistic, it would be the biggest achievement in rugby in an awful long time.
"It's not the same as going to Australia, it's not the same as going to South Africa, that's achievable," he added.
"I think this is really, really difficult but I think certain players will grow with that pressure and other players will crumble.
"There should be massive excitement about the opportunity to create history. There should be certain players there who are capable of driving it, but it's the hardest thing in rugby to do."
Ronan O'Gara was in Ireland to launch the SoftCo Foundation in Dun Laoghaire Golf Club where more than €150,000 was raised for charity and a further €100,000 committed for ongoing Cancer Research. The Foundation has selected three charities to partner with for 2017; CMRF Crumlin, the Irish Injured Jockeys Fund and Guys Cancer, London.
The Trump administration loosened Obama-era birth control requirements Friday, saying most providers of health insurance could refuse to pay for an employee's birth control if the provider shows “sincerely held” religious or moral objections.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Administration Rolling Back Obama-Era Birth Control Mandate 3:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The new regulations protect groups such as the Little Sisters of the Poor from litigation if they refuse to provide contraceptive coverage, but widen the pool of those shielded to include non-profits, for-profit companies, other non-governmental employers, and schools and universities.
"These rules will not affect over 99.9 percent of the 165 million women in the United States," the Health and Human Services Department said in a statement.
“No American should be forced to violate his or her own conscience in order to abide by the laws and regulations governing our healthcare system,” HHS spokeswoman Caitlin Oakley said. “Today's actions affirm the Trump administration's commitment to upholding the freedoms afforded all Americans under our constitution.”
One of the most controversial — and one of the most welcomed — requirements of the 2010 Affordable Care Act was a regulation for health insurance plans to provide birth control coverage free of charge to patients.
Related: Most Americans Support Birth Control Mandate
The thinking behind it was to lower costs and improve health by helping more women get contraception, because pregnancy is much more expensive and more dangerous to a woman's health than using birth control is, and because upwards of 40 percent of pregnancies in the U.S. are unplanned.
Some religious groups objected and sued. Roman Catholic oppose most methods of birth control and some other religious groups object to certain forms of birth control.
Related: Birth Control Mandate Next on Trump Agenda
The move fulfills a promise made by President Donald Trump in a Rose Garden ceremony last May when he signed an executive order he said restored religious freedoms, said Roger Severino, director of the Office for Civil Rights at the Health and Human Services Department.
“By taking away women's access to no-cost birth control coverage, the rules give employers a license to discriminate against women.”
“That was a promise made, and this was a promise kept,” Severino told reporters. The new rule, he said, provides “relief to those who have been under the thumb of the federal government.”
Medical and legal groups immediately objected.
“By taking away women's access to no-cost birth control coverage, the rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center.
“This will leave countless women without the critical birth control coverage they need to protect their health and economic security. We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Most U.S. women use birth control at some point.
“Contraception is a medical necessity for women during approximately 30 years of their lives,” said Dr. Haywood Brown, president of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
“It improves the health of women, children and families as well as communities overall; reduces maternal mortality; and enhances economic stability for women and their families. All Americans deserve the ability to make personal health care decisions without intrusion from their employers or the government.”
Related: Yes,You Have to Pay for Birth Control, Feds Say
HHS said it calculated that only organizations that had already sued would take advantage of the new rule.
"The regulation leaves in place preventive services coverage guidelines where no religious or moral objection exists — meaning that out of millions of employers in the U.S., these exemptions may impact only about 200 entities, the number that that filed lawsuits based on religious or moral objections," HHS said.
“Contraception is a medical necessity for women during approximately 30 years of their lives.”
But Gretchen Borchelt, vice president for reproductive rights and health at the NWLC, disputed this.
"We don't know how many employers are going to try and get out of the benefit once they know they are allowed to do it," she said.
Related: Contraception Fell, Medicaid Births Rose When Texas Defunded Planned Parenthood
It works against their interest, Borchelt added, but some employers may incorrectly believe they are saving money. "We know from the past that insurance plans will do whatever they can if they think they can save money," Borchelt said.
"Birth control coverage saves money in the long run because employers don't have to pay for pregnancy and related costs," she added. "We know that when birth control was added to insurance plans, it didn't change the premiums. There shouldn't be cost concerns."
The new rule is part of a broader package changing the federal approach to religious liberty. “Except in the narrowest circumstances, no one should be forced to choose between living out his or her faith and complying with the law,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a memorandum sent government wide.
Birth control allows people to decide when and whether to have children and is a fundamental right, said Cecile Richards, president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America.
“The Trump administration just took direct aim at birth control coverage for 62 million women. This is an unacceptable attack on basic health care that the vast majority of women rely on. With this rule in place, any employer could decide that their employees no longer have health insurance coverage for birth control," Richards said.
“Birth control is not controversial -- it's health care the vast majority of women will use in the course of their lifetime."
Which raises a host of difficult questions. How should we treat a robot that has some degree of consciousness? What if we're convinced that an AI program has the capacity to suffer emotionally, or to feel pain? Would shutting it off be tantamount to murder?
Robots vs. apes
An obvious comparison is to the animal rights movement. Animal rights advocates have been pushing for a reassessment of the legal status of certain animals, especially the great apes. Organizations like the Coral Springs, Florida-based Nonhuman Rights Project believe that chimpanzees, gorillas, and orangutans deserve to be treated as autonomous persons, rather than mere property.
Steven Wise, who leads the organization's legal team, says that the same logic applies to any autonomous entity, living or not. If one day we have sentient robots, he says, “we should have the same sort of moral and legal responsibilities toward them that we're in the process of developing with respect to nonhuman animals.”
Of course, deciding which machines deserve moral consideration will be tricky, because we often project human thoughts and feelings onto inanimate entities — and so end up sympathizing with entities that have no thoughts or feelings at all.
Consider Spot, a doglike robot developed by Boston Dynamics. Earlier this year, the Waltham, Massachusetts-based company released a video showing employees kicking the four-legged machine. The idea was to show off Spot's remarkable balance. But some people saw it as akin to animal cruelty. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), for example, issued a statement describing Spot's treatment as “inappropriate.”
Kate Darling, a researcher at the MIT Media Lab in Cambridge, Massachusetts, observed something similar when she studied how people interact with Pleo, a toy dinosaur robot. Pleo doesn't look lifelike — it's obviously a toy. But it's programmed to act and speak in ways that suggest not only a form of intelligence but also the ability to experience suffering. If you hold Pleo upside-down, it will whimper and tell you to stop.
Apr 24, 2018
The world has spent decades fighting to eradicate malaria, and has formally committed to doing so by 2030. But despite the remarkable progress that has been made, the emergence of insecticide-resistant mosquitoes and drug-resistant strains of the disease itself show that much work remains to be done.
BASEL – Ending an epidemic is a marathon undertaking, and in the case of malaria, we are nearing the finish line. But we will need to keep up the momentum.
Exclusive insights. Every week. For less than $1. Learn More
Over the past few decades, governments, nongovernmental organizations, and the private sector have broken new ground in the science of treating malaria, and have channeled extraordinary resources toward the cause. The investments have paid off: the global malaria mortality rate fell by 60% between 2000 and 2015.
Still, mounting challenges such as drug and insecticide resistance threaten to reverse the progress we have made. For two consecutive years now, malaria deaths have risen, while funding has flatlined. This year's World Malaria Day (April 25) should thus spur a redoubling of our efforts. Eradicating malaria will require new medical and health-policy solutions as well as stronger political will.
My company, Novartis, has been active in Africa for the past two decades, providing antimalarials and working with governments to support health-care systems. During that time, we have learned that we need more first-hand information from malaria experts operating on the front lines of the fight.
To that end, we commissioned the study Malaria Futures for Africa, co-chaired by Richard Kamwi, ambassador of the intergovernmental organization Eliminate 8, and Bob Snow of the KEMRI-Wellcome Trust program and the University of Oxford. The study compiles advice from ministers of health, heads of national malaria control programs, academics, and community leaders across 14 African countries, all of whom offer critical insights about important challenges and opportunities in the fight against the disease.
One of the study's clearest takeaways is that we need to arm ourselves against the rising threat of drug and insecticide resistance by investing in research and development for next-generation antimalarial treatments. Malaria-bearing mosquitoes have developed a resistance to commonly used insecticides in 61 countries around the world. And in Southeast Asia, some strains of the malaria parasite itself have begun to develop a resistance to artemisinin, the basic component in standard treatments.
Without a concerted response from the global health community, drug-resistant strains of malaria could spread to Africa and cause more than 100,000 new deaths per year. To avert this outcome, we must invest more in innovative public-private partnerships like GAVI, the Medicines for Malaria Venture, and the Wellcome Trust, all of which are working to develop new prevention and treatment tools.
Another key insight from the study is that we need to make better use of the tools we already have. A child dies from malaria every two minutes, on average, yet only one in five infected children receives the appropriate treatment. Nearly a decade ago, Novartis helped develop the gold standard in pediatric antimalarial medicine, and we have donated more than 350 million doses since 2009. But the persistence of deaths from malaria shows that treatment is not reaching every child in need. Clearly, we need to expand access to medicine, not just through ad hoc measures, but by building the capacity of health-care systems.
That is why the next chapter of global health development must focus on improving the delivery of care. Since 2000, the global health community has saved millions of lives by responding to specific epidemics like HIV, tuberculosis, and malaria. But these efforts must now be fully integrated into national health systems to ensure that all patients are consistently receiving high-quality care.
Progress will require eliminating shortages of doctors and nurses, adopting electronic recordkeeping, and strengthening the availability and quality of primary care. These measures would help not just in the fight against infectious diseases, but also in the ongoing effort to treat chronic diseases, which are imposing an additional disease burden on many developing countries.
Needless to say, improving health-care systems will require more resources and firm leadership, particularly in the countries most affected by malaria. And, as almost all of the study participants made clear, we need to move beyond traditional donor-funding mechanisms to tap into domestic resources.
Ghana is one of the countries that is leading the way on this front. In response to dwindling donor funds, the Ghanaian government brought the country's private-sector leaders together to launch the Ghana Malaria Foundation, which currently is working to fill urgent funding gaps, but will eventually help lead a sustainable, domestic effort to eliminate malaria from the country.
This is a challenging moment in the fight against malaria. But it's also a moment of opportunity. For its part, Novartis recently announced that it will invest more than $100 million in antimalarial R&D over the next five years, to help contain emerging resistant strains of the disease. Our focus now is on completing clinical trials for two promising new antimalarial drug candidates. While these therapies are being developed, we are also working on a strategy to ensure that patients in malaria-endemic countries can afford them, and to improve the effectiveness of our response by identifying areas where malaria takes the greatest toll.
The fight against malaria has been a multi-decade marathon. Through the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, the world has formally committed to ending the malaria epidemic by 2030. That objective is within sight, but we cannot count on our current approach to carry us across the finish line.
Rather, we need to listen to those on the front lines and heed their calls for a renewed commitment to ending malaria. By investing in next-generation tools and building sustainable health-care systems, we can consign this disease to the history books once and for all.
BBNaija's Efe meets Bisola, Bally in Abuja (Photos)
BBNaija 2017 winner, Efe recently reunited with BBNaija 2017 1st runner-up, Bisola Aiyeola and fellow ex-Housemate, Bally in Abuja. The ‘Based On Logistics' singer, is currently on one of his media tours in Abuja, while Bisola is currently shooting her first movie and Bally has been visiting IDP's dropping gifts in his wake. They …
The post BBNaija's Efe meets Bisola, Bally in Abuja (Photos) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The politics of hate are getting out of control.
For all the positive aspects of social media, the amount of venom being spewed there threatens to desensitize us all.
Take Charlie Sheen. Okay, he's a liberal Hollywood guy who hasn't exactly led an exemplary life. He has a history of alcohol and drug problems. He was kicked off his CBS show and living with a couple of call girls. He belatedly admitted he had HIV as the National Enquirer was about to report it.
Oh, and he doesn't like Donald Trump.
So after the sad deaths of Carrie Fisher and her mom, Debbie Reynolds, Sheen tweeted this:
“Dear God; Trump next, please! Trump next, please!” And on and on.
That's right, this screwed-up actor wished death on the next president of the United States.
When I took to (where else) Twitter to denounce this, here are some of the responses I received:
Lanark: ‏ No. Should be listened to. By God.
rjlarios@hotmail.com:Trump is a menace to the USA and the entire world!! He could be the cause of millions of deaths so why shouldn't he go first!
Chris Bavelles: It's not about political differences it's about something so much worse. I applaud Charlie for tweeting out. And so should you.
Shawn: It's Trump, he's human garbage, it's just like emptying the trash in your house.
Lovely. So some folks think it's perfectly all right to urge the death of the president-elect, and joined Sheen in that wish.
And then there were some like this:
michael cuviello: I did not hear the outtrage over what the Trump campaign guy said from the right.
This is unfortunately typical of what passes for debate on social media. If you decry something ugly that someone tweeted, some people say: Yeah, but what about so-and-so saying such-and-such at the other end of the political spectrum? What about that, huh?As if that somehow justifies the offensive words by someone on your side.
In this case, the reference was to Trump's former New York co-chairman Carl Paladino, a onetime gubernatorial candidate and member of the Buffalo school board, which called for his resignation.
Paladino had said he hoped President Obama would die of mad cow disease. As for Michelle Obama, “I'd like her to return to being a male and let loose in the outback of Zimbabwe where she lives comfortably in a cave with Maxie, the gorilla.”
This racist garbage was followed by a Paladino apology, and the Trump campaign denounced the remarks. I had been on vacation when this was reported.
To be clear, I have no problem with people using strong language and venting their political views. If Charlie Sheen wants to rail against Trump and his policies—his dad, Martin Sheen, joined in an anti-Trump election ad—that's his right.
But when you start calling for people to die, or unload with racist or misogynist or anti-Semitic sentiments, decent folks have every right to declare that unacceptable.
Sheen's remarks barely caused a ripple, perhaps because they were aimed at Trump, who has been the target of an unprecedented level of negative coverage. If a celeb as well known as Sheen had called for Obama's death, there would have been a barrage of headlines.
Or perhaps it reflects the fact that Twitter has become such a toxic stew that even the most outrageous stuff rarely bubbles up to the top.
Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of “MediaBuzz” (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.
Five Years After the Disaster: Rana Plaza Victims Still Hurting
Asma saw the roof collapse over her colleagues. Johora was dragged out of the rubble by her hair. Shirin was only 13 years old when her eyes and airways were filled with concrete dust. Five years have passed since the Rana Plaza garment factory in Bangladesh collapsed, killing 1 134 people.
DHAKA, Apr 24 2018 (IPS) - BANGLADESH. Garment factories lie side by side along the freeway leading into the capital, Dhaka. But between the concrete blocks, a square, uninhabited piece of land is overgrown with greenery. This is where Rana Plaza used to be. Shirin Akhter, 18, turns her eyes away.
”I don't feel good about being here,” she says.
Five years have passed since the factory collapsed in what became the most deadly industrial accident in modern times.
Shirin was only 13 but had already worked in the garment industry for two years.
”I was very young. When visitors came to the factory, I had to hide in a storeroom. But there were other girls there who were even younger,” she says.
The memories are still fresh. The muffled sound of the roof caving in. The concrete dust that filled eyes and lungs. The horror when discovering that the exit was blocked by rubble.
Background: Rana Plaza and the garment industry
The Rana Plaza factory and office building collapsed early in the morning on April 24, 2013.
1 134 people lost their lives in the disaster. In addition, 2 500 were injured.
Property owner Sohel Rana, a local politician from the governing party Awami League, is said to have refused to close the building even though he knew the risk of collapse.
Sohel Rana tried to flee the country but was arrested shortly after the collapse and has been jailed since then. In 2016, a Dhaka court charged 41 people for involvement in the accident. 38 of them, including Sohel Rana, are charged with murder and risk the death penalty.
The garment industry employs around four million workers. It accounts for 12 per cent of Bangladesh's gross domestic product and 80 per cent of its exports.
Bangladesh is the world's largest clothing manufacturer after China. Its major competitive advantage is production costs.
The statutory minimum wage, due to be raised in 2018, is 5 300 takas or 63 USD per month. Garment workers at factories signed up to the Accord take home about 120 USD a month, including overtime.
The living wage – i.e., the income that allows a worker to support themselves and their family, pay for medical expenses and their children's education, and save a small amount – is estimated at 25,687 takas or 305 USD per month.
Source: Clean Clothes Campaign
”We were huddled together in the stairwell, many cried and were scared. One person had broken their skull bone. When I saw the pouring blood, I started crying too,” says Shirin Akhter.
On the morning of April 24, rumours were swirling. The day before, large cracks had been discovered in the eight-storey Rana Plaza and the 5 000 garment workers who worked in it had been evacuated.
”Nobody wanted to go in, but the management said we would lose our jobs if we didn't,” says Johora Khatun, 22.
Asma Begum, 28, walked up the stairs up to the factory's third floor. For just under an hour, she and her colleagues sat by powerless sewing machines.
”Then they started the generator. Five minutes later, the building collapsed. I think it was the vibrations that did it.”
At 08.57am, the top floor collapsed. Asma Begum began running towards the exit as soon as she heard the sound. Shortly after, sha saw the ceiling coming down on top of her colleagues.
”I was sitting by the stairwell. But there were 1 000 people on my floor and not everyone made it out.”
Johora Khatun worked on the same floor, but further into the room.
”I started running but fell after a few metres.”
She was saved by a sewing table. Johora Khatun avoided being crushed but found herself stuck under concrete and rubbish.
”For the first few hours, I thought I might survive, but then I lost hope.
When rescue workers finally arrived, they could not reach Johora's arms and had to pull her out of the rubble by her hair.
The search for survivors continued for weeks. The final death toll was recorded as 1 134. Another 2 500 were injured.
The Bangladesh garment industry had claimed fatalities before, but Rana Plaza put the working conditions in the international spotlight. The disaster was too big to ignore.
Just a few weeks later, the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh came into force. As a part of the five-year deal, about 200 international fashion companies committed to fund workplace improvements at their subcontractors.
”Thousands of things have been repaired and fixed. It has definitely contributed to a safer working environment,” says Petra Brännmark, communications manager at the global labour union IndustriAll, which was a key driver of deal negotiations.
The Accord ends in May. As of yet, 144 fashion companies have signed a five-year extension. The number of final signatories will give an indication of how highly the international buyers value the safety of the garment workers, now that the media has turned it's spotlight off.
”Not all those who signed the first accord have signed the second one yet,” remarks Petra Brännmark.
The perception that the accord has been a success is shared by workers' organisations in Bangladesh. Babul Akhter is the chairman of the trade union organisation BGIWF, which organizes 29,000 garment workers:
”Rana Plaza attracted the attention of the world and opened a small window for us. Much has changed. The working environment is better, and all factories have fire protection equipment now.”
But the price was high. It was paid by those who died. By those who lost their relatives. And by those who survived — but for whom life never became the same again.
One year after Rana Plaza, Shirin Akhter once again took up employment at a garment factory, but only managed five days before the panic attacks became too strong.
Without income, she is regarded as an economic burden for the family and her stepfather has decided she needs to get married.
”I would like to study,” she says. But my stepfather is the family's only breadwinner. He decides.”
This story was originally published by Arbetet Global
The Pittsburgh Pirates still need to add one more starting pitcher this offseason, and Yordano Ventura could be a potential trade target.
Entering the offseason, the Pittsburgh Pirates needed to add two starting pitchers. Their 2017 starting rotation will have Gerrit Cole and Jameson Taillon at the top and Chad Kuhl as their fifth starter. However, they needed two pitchers to slot in between them.
Well, one of these two slots have been filled. That happened when the Pirates re-signed Ivan Nova to a new three-year contract. The team still needs to add another starting pitcher, and, in my opinion, Royals' starting pitcher Yordano Ventura is a pitcher Neal Huntington should target.
The 25-year old Ventura is coming off of a down season for the Royals. However, he has absolutely electric stuff and was a key cog to the Royals winning back-to-back American League Pennants in 2014 and 2015. And there are a lot of reasons to expect him to bounce back in 2017.
Last season, Ventura pitched 186 innings in 32 starts for the Royals. He averaged a career low 6.97 K/9, a career high 3.77 BB/9, and he allowed a career high 23 home runs. All of this resulted in Ventura posting a 4.45 ERA, 4.59 FIP, 4.59 xFIP, and a 1.5 WAR, all of which were career lows, in 2016.
More from Rum Bunter
Walks and home runs were the Achilles Heel of Yordano Ventura in 2016. In 2014 and 2015 he was much better. During these two season he averaged 8.06 K/9, 3.29 BB/9, and he allowed 28 home runs in 339 1/3 innings pitched. During this stretch Ventura posted a 3.66 ERA, 3.63 FIP, 3.70 xFIP, and a 5.1 WAR.
Yordano Ventura throws three main pitches. These three pitches are a fastball, a cutter, and a change up. The best pitch of the bunch is tough to decipher. A strong argument can be made for both his cutter and his change up as being his best pitch. Additionally, Ventura also throws a plus fastball.
Last season, Ventura's fastball averaged 96.2 miles per hour. This is well above the league average for a starting pitcher. However, it is a pitch that gets hit hard. In 2016 opposing hitters had a .538 slugging percentage and a 162 wRC+ off of his fastball.
Despite being hit hard, Ventura's fastball can still be an elite pitch. He needs to do a better job of controlling it. Additionally, he needs to allow less hard contact off of his fastball. And no pitching coach in baseball is better than Ray Searage at helping pitchers improve their control and allow less hard contact.
As for his cutter and change up, both have been elite pitches in recent years. In 2016 opposing batters owned just a .251 slugging percentage and a wRC+ of 29 off of his cutter. Off of his change up these numbers were .355 and 98.
Some times, players just need a change of scenery. I truly believe that Yordano Ventura is one of these players. The Royals have soured on him and he, in turn, has soured on them. Getting him into Pittsburgh and giving him Ray Searage to work with could help him get his career back on track.
Another big plus about Ventura is his contract. He is under team control through 2021 at a very reasonable price. He is owed 3.25 million dollars in 2017, 6.25 million in 2018, 9.75 million in 2019, and then he has a 12 million dollar option for both 2020 and 2021. Due to this contract, he could be a big part of the Pirate rotation for the foreseeable future.
One knock on Ventura is that he can be a bit of a head case. He has been suspended in the best for his role in bean ball wars. And this is a big reason why there are rumors that the Royals might be willing to trade him.
Personally, I view Yordano Ventura as a fiery competitor. And this is something that I love, especially in a starting pitcher. His behaviors on the field in no way, shape, or form would scare me away from him.
In my opinion, Yordano Ventura would be a great fit in the Pirate rotation. He has fantastic stuff, he is young, and he comes with five years of team control. Ventura, along with Gerrit Cole, Jameson Taillon, Chad Kuhl, Nick Kingham, and Tyler Glasnow, could give the Pirates an extremely formidable starting rotation for a long time.
This article originally appeared on
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The world's largest pork producer put its best case before jurors Wednesday to debunk claims that its waste is responsible for stenches so foul and attracts so many flies that life for rural neighbors is miserable.
In Webster County, family and friends gathered Sunday afternoon to honor a man who passed away 76 years ago.
Austin Collins died in Pearl Harbor.
Pam Bivins is Austin's closest living kin, his niece. Her mother was just 12 when he passed and didn't talk much about December 7, 1941.
After discovering that Austin never had a proper memorial service, Pam decided to change that.
"As different members of the family have learned that we were doing this I have heard nothing but thanks and appreciation that this is finally going to be here," she said.
Austin's body was never recovered in Hawaii, but his headstone is placed next his parents and sisters. Pam is happy they now have something permanent to celebrate her uncle.
"For someone in our family, for someone in our lives who have made that sacrifice, I think the least that we can do is to provide a lasting monument for them," she said
As dozens of people gathered, more extended family members trickled in.
"This means a lot to me to see all these people come here to honor him and for the sacrifice that he made for our country," Austin's great nephew Eugene Pillow said.
Even though no one at the service knew him, this allowed some to get to know Austin more than they ever thought possible.
"I want to learn more things about him and share some of the things that I've discovered since putting this memorial together," Bivins said.
Now the family can remember their uncle in peace.
"This allows us to finally bring some closure to a long chapter," Pillow said.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
OTTAWA — Health Canada says there were 1,179 medically assisted deaths between Jan. 1 and June 30 this year, accounting for about 0.9 per cent of all deaths nationally.
In the previous six months, the first half-year in which medical assistance in dying was legal, there were 803 assisted deaths, or 0.6 per cent of all deaths.
The department says the overall numbers are consistent with international experience.
Cancer was the most frequent underlying medical condition in assisted deaths, cited in 63 per cent of cases.
The Health Canada findings in its second interim report on medical assistance in dying say the average patient was 73 at death.
While some patients were between 18 and 45 at the time of death, the vast majority of cases involved people aged 56 to 85.
The report says there was a slight decrease in the number of patients dying in hospitals, with more people choosing to end their lives at home.
The law allowing medical assistance in dying went into effect in June 2016.
Since then provincial laws dealing with assisted death have been clarified or expanded and other changes are likely.
“It is expected that how services are organized, delivered and monitored will continue to evolve as data becomes more available and jurisdictions are able to evaluate existing policies and service delivery models,” the report said.
In 1977 Leeds hosted the UK's first ever Reclaim the Night march. Now 40 years on, it's the inspiration for a new performance in a city centre car park. Sarah Freeman reports.
In the November of 1977 a shadow hung over Leeds. While no one yet knew his name, Peter Sutcliffe had already killed six women and seven more would die before he was finally arrested.
The lives of everyone in the city were touched by the Yorkshire Ripper. Most knew someone who had been questioned by the ever desperate detectives and women were advised not to walk alone after dark.
It was the latter that in part prompted the UK's first ever Reclaim the Night march. A similar event had taken place in German towns and cities earlier in the year and as winter arrived the Leeds Revolutionary Feminist Group decided to act. Al Garthwaite remembers it well.
“We all knew what it was to feel harassed and to feel vulnerable when walking at night and Peter Sutcliffe wasn't the only threat,” says the Leeds councillor. “We decided to organise two marches, one from Hyde Park and one from Chapeltown and then I suggested that we encourage feminists groups throughout the country to march on the same night.
“We wanted to fight back against the widespread acceptance of women as fair game for abusive and violent men and it did feel like we achieved something.”
At 10pm on November 12 that year, women gathered in 12 different towns and cities and began their after dark march. Some were carrying banners proclaiming ‘No Curfew on Women, Curfew on Men', while others simply chanted ‘Reclaim the Night' as they went.
“There were about 60 women on each of the Leeds marches,” remembers Al. “As I recall, the sole police officer who turned up at the Chapeltown march rapidly radioed for assistance when she saw our numbers, and our flaming torches.
“As we marched up North Street, a dark and seedy place compared with today. Men coming out of a pub shouted obscenities and tried to harass, but reeled back as we advanced on them, flaming torches at the ready. That was a satisfying moment.”
The Reclaim the Night marches continued for more than a decade before fizzling out in the early 1990s. However, the event was revived in 2004 and it is also the inspiration for The Darkest Corners, a new work by Leeds theatre company RashDash, which will be performed in a car park on the outskirts of the city centre this week.
“Unfortunately the issues those women marched against 40 years ago haven't gone away,” says Abbi Greenland, who is one half of RashDash along with Helen Goalen. “We all have a thing we do when we are out alone at night. Some might already have 999 tapped into their phone as a precaution, others always have their keys always to hand so they feel armed.
“When Helen and I first began talking about it, we thought they might just be our own quirks, but as we spoke to other women we realised that not only is it something we all too, but also that everyone had a story of either being followed or being hassled.”
Part cabaret, part physical theatre and with a helping of live music, The Darkest Corners, which is part of the Transform 17 festival, also takes its lead from global female activists including Diana The Hunter – the Mexican ‘vigilante' who shot and killed two bus drivers following the sexual abuse of female passengers.
“We wanted to perform it somewhere people would feel uncomfortable to go at night, so that's why we chose a car park in Holbeck,” says Helen. “In January five million took to the streets in what was the largest ever march to protect women's rights and this is our way of celebrating the fearless women who have stood together over the last 40 years.”
The Darkest Corners, Globe Road, Holbeck, April 20 to 22. transformfestival.org
FILE - In this May 27, 2015, file photo, American Airlines jets taxi at Miami International Airport, in Miami. Lynne Sladky AP
Manufacturers are gearing up to bring Android 8.0 Oreo to devices, but we frequently forget that there are plenty of them still being sold right now that haven't had a taste of Android 7.0 Nougat. Up until just recently, Verizon and T-Mobile's Samsung Galaxy Tab E were among the devices stuck on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. But now those of you with carrier-branded units can enjoy all the features Nougat brings. This applies to Verizon 9.6" or 8" models, as well as the T-Mobile 8" model.
Separate from all the Nougat-related changes, customers with a Verizon Tab E also get a new "Effects preview screen" for previewing filters when taking images. The Verizon update brings things to the August patch level, so it isn't immediately clear if Blueborne fixes are included. Software versions for this update are NMF26X.T377VVRU1CQH9 (Tab e 8.0) and NMF26X.T567VVRU1CQHD (Tab E 9.6)
Verizon's changelog is too bit to post here, but my shorter paraphrased version is just below:
Software Version: NMF26X.T567VVRU1CQHD / NMF26X.T377VVRU1CQH9
Android Security Patch Level: 2017-08-01 Software Version: NMF26X.T567VVRU1CQHD / NMF26X.T377VVRU1CQH9Android Security Patch Level: 2017-08-01 Android 7.0 Nougat Duh. New battery management page Customizable presets for power saving modes.
App Power Monitor detects inactive apps using the battery and puts them to sleep. Easier multitasking Split screen apps. Effects preview for photos Preview filters while taking a picture.
The T-Mobile Galaxy Tab E is also getting some love. The baseband version for the update is T377TUVU1BQI5, though we don't know the precise build number. T-Mobile hasn't posted a full changelog for its OTA outside a single blurb stating "Update to Android 7.0 (Nougat) Google security improvements."
Installing the update should be pretty simple, but the workflow is to head to Settings -> About phone -> Software updates -> Check for Updates. If it finds an update, tap Download now, and you should be on your way.
Unijos fights plagiarism among students
By Marie-Therese Nanlong
THE University of Jos has disclosed it will introduce plagiarism detectives in the institution to ascertain the originality of students' works as well as train students on responsible uses of internet and social media platforms.
The institution's librarian, Dr. Stephen Akintunde, made these known while presenting a paper at a workshop on Media and Information Literacy, MIL in Nigeria themed: Tackling Religious Extremism and Counter-terrorism through Media Information Literacy.
In his paper presentation titled: ICT as a tool for economic empowerment, Dr. Akintunde lamented the rate of idleness among students who while away time, fiddling with their electronic devices without deploying them to fruitful academic ventures. He stressed that such habit results into stray-thinking.
According to him, “ICT can be a silent counter to terrorism as it is a torch for economic activities. Economic empowerment engages the minds and energy and when you are empowered, you have a constructive way of exerting energy. Idleness gives way to stray-thinking and it is cancerous; it is dishuse of ICT so the University of Jos Library will train people on responsible uses of internet and social media. Plagiarism detective would be introduced in the university to ascertain the originality of students' works.”
The workshop was organised by the institution's Department of Mass Communication in collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation, UNESCO and papers presented included Media Information Literacy as a proactive measure in combating internet radicalism and extremism among youths by Dr. Ismail Ibrahim of University of Lagos.
The post Unijos fights plagiarism among students appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders had sidestepped questions from reporters on Tuesday when asked about the president's opinion on the Roseanne controversy.
"That's not what the president is looking at. That's not what he's spending his time on," she told reporters on Air Force One. "I think that we have a lot bigger things going on in the country right now, certainly that the president is spending his time when it comes to policy."
It was not clear which comments on ABC Trump was referring to in his tweet, butlater Wednesday Sanders named specific performers and incidents.
"Where was Bob Iger's apology to the White House staff for Jemele Hill calling the president, and anyone associated with him, a white supremacist, to Christians around the world for Joy Behar calling Christianity a mental illness?" Sanders asked during the press briefing. "Where was the apology for Kathy Griffin going on a profane rant against the president on 'The View' after a photo showed her holding president Trump's decapitated head?"
Hill, who at the time hosted SportsCenter, was reprimanded by ESPN's president for the comments and voluntarily left the show. Behar later apologized for her remarks, which were directed specifically at Vice President Mike Pence's religious beliefs.
"Where was the apology from Bob Iger for ESPN hiring Keith Olbermann after his numerous expletive-laced tweets attacking the president as a Nazi and even expanding Olbermann's role after that attack against the president's family?
"This is a double standard that the president is speaking about, no one is defending her (Roseanne's) comment, they're inappropriate, but that is the point he was making," Sanders said, adding that the president was calling out "media bias."
ABC canceled the hit sitcom "Roseanne" on Tuesday after Barr, the show's namesake and star, sent a racist tweet calling Jarrett a "child" of the Muslim Brotherhood and "Planet of the Apes."
"Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show," ABC said in a statement canceling the show.
Barr later apologized for the comments and later added that she had been under the influence of the prescription sleeping aid Ambien.
Jarrett responded to Barr's comment on Tuesday, saying that ABC made the right decision in ending the show. She also confirmed that Iger had called her before the network's announcement.
"First of all, I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment. I'm fine. I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers coming to their defense," Jarrett said during a town hall on MSNBC called "Everyday Racism in America."
In March, Trump called Barr, who plays a Trump supporter on the show and is also one in real life, to offer congratulations on the premiere of the sitcom's reboot, which returned to ABC this year more than 20 years after it ended after a nine-season run.
Emergency room nurse Christine Bauer treats Joshua Lagade of Vista, California, for the flu as his girlfriend Mayra Mora looks on in the emergency room at Palomar Medical Center in Escondido, California, U.S., January 18, 2018. REUTERS/Mike Blake
By Deena Beasley
(Reuters) - The U.S. flu outbreak worsened over the past week as more people headed to doctors' offices and emergency rooms, with hospitalizations at the highest in nearly 10 years, U.S. health officials said on Friday.
Sixteen children died of the flu in the week ended Jan. 27, bringing total pediatric deaths to 53 for the season, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's weekly report.
Out of every 100,000 people in the general population, an estimated 51.4 have been hospitalized for the flu, surpassing the rate in the last severe season of 2014-2015, when 710,000 were hospitalized and 148 children died. Adults aged 65 or older had the most hospitalizations, followed by those aged 50 to 64 and children below 5.
"So far this year the cumulative rate of hospitalization is the highest since we began tracking in this way," Dr. Anne Schuchat, acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, told reporters on a conference call.
With the previous record now broken, "we fear this year might be even worse than 2014-2015," Schuchat said in a telephone interview.
The United States is now 10 weeks into the current flu season, which is expected to last for at least several more weeks.
The dominant strain during this flu season is an especially nasty type called influenza A (H3N2) that in seasons past was linked with severe disease and death, especially in the elderly and young.
Schuchat was named acting CDC director earlier this week after Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald resigned from the post because of financial conflicts of interest, including purchases of tobacco and healthcare stocks while in office.
Flu is widespread in 48 states, down from 49 last week, with Oregon reporting less flu activity, the CDC said.
"We are not out of the woods yet," Schuchat said, noting that sick people should stay home to avoid transmitting the virus to others, frequently wash hands and cover their mouth while coughing or sneezing.
The CDC official also said it was not too late to get a flu vaccine.
(Reporting by Deena Beasley; Editing by Richard Chang and Cynthia Osterman)
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
BOONE, N.C. (AP) - Two people are dead in North Carolina after a home they were in collapsed.
News outlets report that the Boone Police Department confirmed the deaths. Rescuers responded to the scene about 5 p.m. on Wednesday. The victims have not been identified.
Outlets report that the collapse is believed to have been caused by severe weather in the area.
Gov. Roy Cooper on Wednesday declared a state of emergency for his hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
Cooper said, "This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
News: Your weekly London dance guide
Monday
Fancy dancing in a large scale work at the Tower of London? East London Dance and Hofesh Schector Company are looking for Londoners to take part in new dance piece The Wall. Find out more and apply to be part of the open audition.
Tuesday
Warm-up from a snowy London with a ‘fun singing or dancing session for you and your little ones. Join Rosie for a festive music workshop as ‘singing, dancing, jingling and tinsel await!'
Wednesday
Catch ‘celebrated director and choreographer Arthur Pita' as he returns to the Lilian Baylis Studio with ‘magical dance theatre show' The Little Match Girl.
Follow the story of ‘an impoverished young street girl who wanders the ever-darkening streets with just one final match to keep her warm on a cold Christmas Eve ‘beautifully recreated through dance, song and live atmospheric music.'
Thursday
Discover Collaborations at The Place featuring a mixed evening of ‘bold and imaginative of large scale constructions of electronic scores, live music, intriguing works for the screen and experimental dance' that ‘challenging the roles of dancer, musician, designer and film-maker'.
Friday
Get into the party mood with an evening of ‘Energetic folk dancing' at Knees-up Cecil Sharpe! A mixture of established and up-and-coming bands play in the English ceilidh style. All dances are explained by the caller in a walk through beforehand, so no experience is needed!
Saturday
Dance the afternoon away at a Tea Dance in Greenwich Dance's historic home the 1930s Borough Hall. Built especially for social dancing, ‘people have been enjoying Tea Dances in its beautiful Art Deco surrounding for decades'. Now is your chance to join them with some Ballroom, Latin, Jive and Sequence dancing.
Sunday
Catch the Bolshoi ballet's live screening of The Nutcracker in cinemas across London for two hours of ‘enchantment and magic' featuring Tchaikovsky's score and some of the ‘Bolshoi's greatest artsist'.
The Lehigh Valley's second medical marijuana dispensary is set to open next month.
Mission, the medical cannabis company running the facility, plans an open house on Thursday, June 7. The 2,900-square-foot facility 2733 W. Emmaus Ave. in Allentown.
Mission says in a statement that it will then begin accepting patients on Tuesday, June 12.
"Upon opening, Mission will be one of only 25 dispensaries operating in a state of 12.8 million people, providing a vital service to patients in the Lehigh Valley who will now have improved access to the medicine they need to live healthy and productive lives," the statement says." As the Pennsylvania program develops, Mission is committed to finding ways to help veterans and patients receiving disability or social security benefits.
Among the state's dispensaries that are already open is Keystone Canna Remedies in Bethlehem. That facility at 1309 Stefko Blvd. was among the first statewide to start serving patients back in February.
Since then, the state has moved toward beginning sales of marijuana buds instead of just prepared treatments; expanded the list of qualifying conditions; and opened up a new round of grower/processor and dispensary licenses, plus set the framework for a new research program.
Mission's June 7 open house runs from 5 to 8 p.m. Riley Cote, a former Philadelphia Flyer and founder of Hemp Heals, is among those expected to attend.
Nick Falsone may be reached at nfalsone@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @nickfalsone. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
TRENDING: Nigerians react to Saraki's victory at CCT
Many Nigerians expressed their views on Twitter and other social media.
The post TRENDING: Nigerians react to Saraki's victory at CCT appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
This 20-Year-Old Rapper Made Ed Sheeran's ‘Shape of You' into a Pride Anthem That's Going Viral: WATCH
Matt Bomer Plays a Transgender Woman in ‘Anything' – FIRST LOOK
Stephen Colbert took aim at Attorney General “and last surviving Little Rascal” Jeff Sessions, the latest GOP contestant in the “So You Think You Can Testify About Russia” reality show, and Sessions inability to recall just about anything or answer any questions.
“Let me get this straight Attorney General Sessions, you're not answering even thought he president hasn't claimed executive privilege and you haven't claimed executive privilege, so what are you claiming? White privilege? Because I hear that's a thing.”
Watch:
All seven service members aboard an American military helicopter that crashed in western Iraq late Thursday were killed, according to two U.S. military officials.
The crash of the U.S. HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopter does not appear to be a result of enemy activity and the incident is under investigation, U.S. Central Command and military officials said.
"All personnel aboard were killed in the crash," said U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Jonathan P. Braga, the director of operations for the U.S.-led anti-Islamic State coalition in Iraq and Syria.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed US military helicopter crashes in Iraq close to Syria border 1:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The helicopter was used by the Air Force for combat search and rescue, and was in transit from one location to another when it went down Thursday afternoon near the town of Qaim, where where the anti-ISIS coalition has an outpost near the Syrian border.
An accompanying U.S. helicopter immediately reported the crash and a quick reaction force comprised of Iraqi Security Forces and Coalition members secured the scene, according to a statement from CENTCOM.
A U.S military HH-60 Pave Hawk Helicopter Ian Hitchcock / Getty Images file
"This tragedy reminds us of the risks our men and women face every day in service of our nations," said Braga. "We are thinking of the loved ones of these service members today."
"While the investigation is still ongoing, there is absolutely no reason to believe this involved enemy action," said Col. Thomas Veale, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition battling the Islamic State. "All indications are this was an accident during a routine troop movement. The Department of Defense will release casualty details after next of kin notifications are complete."
Two of the service members killed were New York City Fire Department members, the fire department said Friday.
Christopher Raguso and Christopher Zanetis FDNY
Fire Lt. Christopher J. Raguso and Fire Marshal Christopher T. “Tripp” Zanetis were called “truly two of New York City's bravest — running into danger to protect and defend others, both in New York City and in combat overseas" by Mayor Bill de Blasio.
"The hearts and prayers of the entire Department are with their loved ones and with the families of their five fellow service members who lost their lives defending our country,” Fire Commissioner Daniel A. Nigro said in a statement. Sixty-two Fire Department personnel are on extended military orders in the military, the department said.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over the ISIS in Mosul in July. In the following months Iraqi forces retook a handful of other Islamic State-held towns including Tal Afar in August, Hawija in September and Qaim in October. In November, Iraqi forces retook the last Iraqi town held by Islamic State — Rawah, near the border with Syria.
The U.S.-led coalition has continued to work with Iraq and Syrian Democratic Forces to shore up the border region to make sure that foreign fighters and insurgents can't move freely across the region.
Rally planned at Confederate memorial set for relocationTAMPA - Protesters are calling on Florida officials to honor a vote to relocate a Confederate monument from public property.A rally commemorating the victims of violence that followed a white supremacist rally in Virginia was scheduled Sunday evening in Tampa. Organizers planned to gather at a 106-year-old monument depicting Confederate soldiers outside a Hillsborough County [...]
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Barrie Police are putting the word out about a scam involving credit cards. Multiple calls have been placed to police from people who themselves get a message saying that a quantity of money has been stolen from their credit card and they need to attend their bank. What stands out, according to police, is that the victim will be approached by one individual and no other bank employee should know about this.
That's a warning sign, says Constable Nicole Rogers.
Rogers adds doing your due diligence is important to protect yourself from being a victim of this scam.
Ten years in the making, the fifteenth (but not really) Final Fantasy is one of the strangest games we've played for a while - but that's no bad thing.
When you sit back and think about Final Fantasy XV, a mixture of emotions wash over you. As a fan, there's relief that it actually exists and you can play it. But how it got made at all, and how it ended up in the state it shipped in, is fascinating.
Announced ten years ago as a completely different game, then switched to newer hardware and a completely different game engine, before replacing its director and finally breaking ground a decade later? The very definition of development hell.
Despite it often feeling like the most Western game in the series yet, it is tied to the past in ways that are baffling, and sometimes a bit of a shame.
One problem lies with the story. The developers presume you have seen the tie-in prequel movie, Kingsglaive, to such an extent that for a good while, you will honestly have no idea what is going on aside from the very basic key facts.
It's like the greatest hits of the series' storylines, which is to say it's not awful, but certainly not great. Even if playing as Prince Noctis, heir to the Lucis throne, with magical abilities to phase in and out of space to warp across the battlefield, sounds lke an absolute blast.
Volleyball: The Tin Can Bay State School Year 10 volleyball side will be hoping to continue its successful run after taking gold at the Queensland Volleyball Intermediate Schools Cup State Titles last weekend.
After winning the silver medal last year, the side was inspired to go one better this year when it competed in Toowoomba.
April Bath, Tehmia Masri, Anna Dunstan, Chloe Bath, Beatriz Den Otter and Indigo Banko did their school and region proud as they fiercely competed against the elite Brisbane sides.
Tin Can Bay State School PE teacher and volleyball coach Dave Arthur said it was an incredible achievement.
"It was a satisfying win. We only had six players with no subs and it was pretty amazing to take out top spot in division three,” he said.
"We only had three girls from Year 10 and the other were from Year 8 and Year 9. This was the end of four years of training for these girls.”
This was the Year 10 girls' first time in their age group.
"When these girls (Year 10) were in Year 8 and 9 they still played in the Year 10 age bracket and have had a lot of experience,” Arthur said.
The final was a tight game, with the Bay girls coming from behind to save three set points and win the gold over St Benedicts who are the North Brisbane Independent Schools champions.
With Gympie High School and James Nash State High School it could have been some friendly rivalry in the final. Gympie High finished in the middle but James Nash finished in the top of their pool, but lost to St Benedicts in the quarter finals.
"Nash competed for the first time this year and it was great to have them finish in the quarter finals. They have real potential,” Arthur said. "It could have been Gympie and TCB grand final. I also coach the Nash students so I would have been hard for me.
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting Pause
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
1:55 DC official: Estimated turnout for Women's March in D.C. at 500,000
2:23 NAACP leader discusses HB2
1:36 HB2 repeal possible after Charlotte vote
Entergy is partnering with Capital Area United Way to offer free tax preparation to qualifying residents.
The event will be held Saturday, February 3 at the East Baton Rouge Main Library, located at 7711 Goodwood Blvd., from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Trained volunteers will be at the event to provide assistance.
Since 2011, Entergy's support of the Super Tax Day has resulted in $195 million returned to 111,000 people in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas. For more information about Super Tax Day and Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA), click here.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Special Adviser to the Governor on Cleaner Lagos Initiative shares Waste Collection & Elimination Plans
The Lagos State Government has assured Lagosians that with the renewed collaboration between the state government, waste collection operators and Visionscape, heaps of refuse will disappear from Lagos streets in few days. Giving this assurance at the weekend was the Special Adviser to the Governor on the Cleaner Lagos Initiative, Engineer Adebola Shabi.
Shabi stated that the concerted efforts of the stakeholders will lead to an imminent total evacuation of waste from the streets. “We have been engaging different stakeholders, the waste collection operators, the community development committees, the market women, the civil societies, landlords and tenants associations and various NGOs in the state to assess how we have performed in the last one year. “There are still ongoing discussions with the waste collection operators, the former PSP operators and the state government, in conjunction with Visionscape to have as many Transfer Loading Stations, to ease the disposal of waste in the state.
“Olusosun dumpsite has been shut down by His Excellency because of the safety of the people working there and public health. And we have been asking the trucks to be going down to Ewe Elepe and Epe and we are looking at the distance, as most of the waste collectors' trucks cannot go far distance, ” Shabi stated. The SA to the governor said that 60 percent of waste generated in Lagos would end up at the Epe landfill while the remaining 40 percent would be recycled and used for other purposes.
“In the next few months, Visionscape will take stock of more trucks to enhance performance in waste collection,” he said. According to him, Visionscape has distributed over eight million garbage bags and over 400,000 garbage bins in the last two months.
“What we want from people living in Lagos is to generate your waste, bag your waste and drop them in front of the houses, for effective cleaning and preventive blockage of our drainages and canals. “The garbage bags and bins are meant for the waste generated, so please ensure that the wastes are being packaged and kept at the front of the houses,” he said.
Shabi also said the state government will establish plastic collection centers in 57 council areas of the state. “The theme of the World Earth Day this year is plastic pollution, and that is one of the biggest menaces in the state today.
“So we are going to have 57 collection centres in the state, we are going to encourage youths to bring plastic to the centres and you are given something in return. Then the plastics will be sold to the public for reuse,” he said.
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————-
Sponsored Content
The post Special Adviser to the Governor on Cleaner Lagos Initiative shares Waste Collection & Elimination Plans appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The view from the pool at the rear of the home at 16 W. Dilido on the Venetian Islands. The house has sold for $9 million to an unnamed buyer from Ecuador.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Donald Trump says he is defending the United States from terrorism – but a “so-called judge” is “making the job very difficult”.
But the judge – in halting the president's controversial executive order on immigration – said he was making sure President Trump's actions follow the law.
That sets two theoretically equal branches of the government against one another – and could bring about a crisis.
What's at stake?
The separation of powers is crucial to understanding how the US is governed.
The country's constitution established its treasured system of checks and balances – where the different branches of government hold equal authority and offset one another.
The federal government's power is split into three distinct parts – the executive branch, which includes the president and his cabinet; the legislative branch, Congress, which makes the laws; and the judiciary.
This works well most of the time, with each branch co-operating with the next.
But with the president in open conflict with another branch, there are fears that an impasse could be reached.
That could lead to a constitutional crisis – a scenario in which the situation cannot be resolved – particularly after Mr Trump seemed to openly question the judge's authority.
The President's hostility toward the rule of law is not just embarrassing, it is dangerous,” Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy, from the Senate judiciary committee, said.
“He seems intent on precipitating a constitutional crisis.”
Is a judge really the equal of the president?
There are about 700 federal district judges in the US – the type facing down the president's order.
Unlike state court judges, these men and women are part of the federal court system – along with the Supreme Court and the Courts of Appeals.
Day to day, it's the 94 District Courts which deal with interpretation of US laws, treaties, and public officials – powers devolved to them from the Supreme Court.
Pekka Rinne entered Tuesday's Game 3 in Nashville riding a two-game shutout streak, but the Blackhawks nearly spoiled that streak in the most bizarre way possible.
Nearly halfway through the first period, Chicago's Johnny Oduya fired a clearing attempt down the ice while defending on the power play. That clearing attempted turned into a legitimate scoring chance when the puck took a strange bounce off the glass in Nashville's zone and headed straight towards the Preds' vacated net.
But Rinne, who was behind the goal line getting ready to play the puck, remained vigilant and was somehow able to recover in time to make an incredible diving stick save. The veteran netminder played his cards right and turned an awful bounce into an outstanding highlight.
Unfortunately for Rinne, his shutout streak would eventually be broken anyway, as the Blackhawks scored twice in the game. I'm sure the Nashville netminder isn't too broken up about it considering the Preds put together a thrilling 3-2 overtime win to push Chicago to the brink of elimination.
The New England Patriots face the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII on Sunday with both teams looking to make history.
For New England, a sixth Lombardi Trophy is within sight for the NFL's greatest dynasty.
By contrast the Eagles are looking to win the Super Bowl for the first time in franchise history.
Here, using Opta facts, we compare the two teams that will contest the greatest show on Earth at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis.
17 - The @Eagles have allowed just 17 points this post season, the fewest of any @NFL team that has played multiple games this postseason. Staunch. #SuperBowl pic.twitter.com/kXeC4V4FQM — OptaJerry (@OptaJerry) January 31, 2018
Patriots out to tie Steelers' Super Bowl record
- The Patriots have won four of their last five against the Eagles, including their showdown in Super Bowl XXXIX. Philadelphia, however, won the most recent meeting — a 35-28 victory on December 6, 2015, at New England.
- The Patriots are hoping to become the third team to win three Super Bowls in four seasons, and the first since they won three in four years from 2002 to '05. A victory also would make New England the second franchise to win back-to-back Super Bowls multiple times.
- The Patriots enter with five Super Bowl wins in franchise history, tied for the second-most by any NFL team. A win would tie them with the Pittsburgh Steelers for the most by any team.
Super Bowl 52 fast facts: Tom Brady's postseason prowess https://t.co/bJGLMBArBp pic.twitter.com/CaJhwcFEop — Sporting News NFL (@sn_nfl) January 31, 2018
- After allowing an average of 32 points and 488.3 yards per game over their first four games, the Patriots are allowing 14.4 points and 335.6 yards per game. No team is allowing fewer points over that time.
- The Patriots have yet to force a turnover in the playoffs this year. No team has won the Super Bowl while failing to force a turnover.
- Tom Brady will become the oldest quarterback to start a Super Bowl at 40 years, 186 days, breaking the previous record held by the Broncos' Peyton Manning in Super Bowl 50 (39 years, 320 days).
- Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski needs one touchdown reception to give him 11 in his postseason career and move into sole possession of the third most touchdown catches in NFL playoff history.
Super Bowl 52: 20 fun facts for Patriots vs. Eagles https://t.co/evWd85TH3e pic.twitter.com/mjkIA6pYse — Sporting News NFL (@sn_nfl) February 1, 2018
- Patriots wide receiver Danny Amendola has two multi-touchdown games in his postseason career and averages a touchdown reception every two playoff games. He has one multi-touchdown game in the regular season, when he averages a touchdown catch every 5.8 games.
- Since Week 5, Patriots running back Dion Lewis is averaging 4.9 yards per carry, the fifth highest of any player (min. 100 carries) in the NFL. He averaged 3.8 yards per carry in the team's first four games this season.
- Patriots defensive end Trey Flowers leads the postseason with seven quarterback hurries. No other player has more than four.
- New England running back James White has seven total touchdowns in his postseason career (seven games), tied for the third most in franchise history (Gronkowski holds the record with 10). White has played in 47 career regular-season games scoring 14 touchdowns.
0 - The #Patriots have yet to force a turnover during the playoffs this year. No team has ever won the Super Bowl while failing to force a turnover in the playoffs. Empty. #SuperBowl pic.twitter.com/r8vMdRDnUd — OptaJerry (@OptaJerry) February 1, 2018
Eagles look to match 2000 Ravens
- This will be the Eagles' third appearance in a Super Bowl, and their first since their 24-21 loss to the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXIX. Philadelphia is 0-2 in their previous Super Bowl appearances.
- Philadelphia's 31-point margin of victory in the NFC title game is tied for the fifth-largest in a conference championship since the NFL-AFL merger in 1970. In that time, six other teams have won their respective conference championships by 30-plus points — just two have gone on to win the Super Bowl.
- The Eagles have forced 34 turnovers this season (including the playoffs), their most since forcing 36 in 2010. They had three takeaways in their NFC Championship victory, their fifth game with three or more takeaways — tied for their most in a season since 2010.
10 - @Eagles running back @LG_Blount's 10 rushing touchdowns are the most among active players and the seventh most in @NFL postseason history. Unstoppable. #SuperBowl pic.twitter.com/pgKzcpiRHj — OptaJerry (@OptaJerry) February 2, 2018
- Philadelphia have allowed just 17 points this postseason, the fewest of any team that has played multiple playoff games. If the Eagles hold the Patriots to 13 or fewer points, then they would become the first team since the Ravens in 2000 to win the Super Bowl while allowing fewer than 30 points in the postseason.
- Eagles running back LeGarrette Blount scored his 10th career postseason rushing touchdown in the NFC championship, the most among active players and seventh most in NFL playoff history.
- The Eagles are one of two teams with four players who have at least three quarterback hurries this postseason. Defensive tackle Fletcher Cox and defensive end Vinny Curry each have four, while ends Chris Long and Brandon Graham both have three.
- Philadelphia wide receiver Alshon Jeffery has two receiving touchdowns this postseason, one short of the franchise single-postseason record jointly held by Brent Celek (2008) and Harold Carmichael (1979).
- Patrick Robinson's interception return for a touchdown in the NFC Championship Game was the second of his career. It was the Eagles' first interception return for a touchdown in the postseason since Asante Samuel in 2008. If Robinson records another pick-six, he would be the second player in the last decade to have two interceptions returned for touchdowns in the same postseason (Luke Kuechly in 2015).
- Philadelphia cornerback Ronald Darby is tied for the postseason lead with four passes defended. He also has 12 solo tackles in the playoffs, the third-most of any cornerback.
Families walk around the Dana Point Harbor, on Thursday, May 18, 2017. Residents hope the redeveloped Dana Point Harbor will retain its family friendly feeling. (Photo by Nick Agro, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A gray whale was spotted inside of the Newport Harbor on Thursday, two days after it was seen in Dana Point Harbor. (Chelsea Mayer/ Davey's Locker Whale Watching)
Two bids have been put in to the county to redevelop Dana Point Harbor, on Thursday, May 18, 2017. (Photo by Nick Agro, Orange County Register/SCNG)
DANA POINT Harbor boaters, merchants and city officials say they are pleased that plans for the harbor's $200 million renovation are moving ahead with the recommendation of a private developer.
On Thursday, Oct. 5 Orange County officials released a report recommending Dana Point Harbor Partners LLC to head the long-awaited renovation.
Dana Point Harbor Partners is made up of Burnham Ward Properties for retail and restaurants, Bellwether Financial Group for the marinas and R.D. Olson Development for the hotel.
The recommendation will go before the county's Board of Supervisors on Oct. 17. A new harbor landlord and developer could be in place by March, with construction beginning by the end of 2018.
The county report, which includes recommendations made by an evaluation committee of public and private-sector professionals familiar with coastal development and marine operations and experience with public/private partnerships, concluded that Dana Point Harbor Partners LLC is more likely to complete the project on time.
The report also said the group is more likely to “provide consistent revenue to the county and to provide funds for both ongoing county operations within the harbor and growth of reserve funds for future capital renovation and improvement.”
Dana Point Partners LLC, comprised of DJM Capital Partners for the commercial core, Pacific Marina Development for the marinas and Pacifica Hotels, was the other finalist.
“The Dana Point Boaters Association is pleased that the county is maintaining forward momentum on this project,” James Lenthall, president of the boaters association, said Friday, Oct. 6. “They have provided to the public a limited, though informative analysis of both development teams that makes a compelling case for their contractor of choice. We are continuing to evaluate both teams and their proposals and are looking forward to helping the county make its decision on October 17.”
The project includes reconstruction of the commercial core, the east and west marinas, the Marina Inn Hotel and 52 guest slips. Under the proposed public-private partnership, a developer would design, fund and build the proposed improvements, then operate those portions of the harbor on a 50-year lease, before returning the property to the county.
Dana Point Harbor Partners is requesting up to $20 million from harbor funds to execute the project. They also agreed to commit to the project within 120 days of commencement of contract negotiations. And, they estimated lease payments to Dana Point Harbor in the amount of $47,130,352 over the initial 10 years, and $117,190,251 over the first 20 years of the contract, the report said.
The county's analysis found that both groups were well-qualified but did not not focus on the proposed architectural and marina plans for the harbor. Those will be up for further refinement during contract negotiations, the report said.
Dana Point Partners requested a subsidy of up to $45 million from harbor funds to execute the project. They also proposed up to four years to commit to the project, with an option for any individual partner to “walk away” at any time within those four years.
They estimated lease payments to Dana Point Harbor of $70,574,294 over the first 10 years and $175,629,386 over 20 years.
“It is very important that the county reach a decision on the 17th so that there is finality,” Dana Point Mayor Debra Lewis said Friday. “Uncertainty breeds anxiety and allows people to anticipate the worst.”
Donna Kalez, who operates one of the harbor's oldest businesses, Dana Wharf Sportfishing and Whale Watching, said she was happy things are moving forward.
“I like that they (the county) liked both groups,” she said “The fact they are both considered “well qualified” shows we really can't lose.”
Need help Registering???
Registration Fair April 6, 2017-April 26, 2017
Two Locations:
1. Just outside of Holden Hall 79 from 3:00-5:00 OR 2. Rawls College of Business room Northwest 112 from 2:00-5:00
All majors, all colleges are welcome!
(Please make sure all holds are removed.) Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
Michelle Kiser
Email:
michelle.kiser@ttu.edu
Department:
Support Ops for Academic Retention
Event Information
Time: 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM
Event Date: 4/6/2017
Location:
Holden Hall 79 and Rawls College of Business Northwest 112
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Academic
Departmental
His Senate confirmation process may have been tough, but the most difficult challenges lie ahead for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
America's new top diplomat will be tested during his maiden overseas trip to meet counterparts at a Group of 20 world powers gathering in Germany on Thursday and Friday.
From the U.S. relationship with the likes of Russian and China, to the new administration's take on conflicts in the Middle East and crushing extremism, here are some of the issues Tillerson will have to grapple with.
Russia
On the sidelines of the G-20 meeting, Tillerson is expected to meet with his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov. It'll be his first chance to start brokering a rapprochement with the Kremlin that President Donald Trump has signaled he's in favor of.
Russia's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin speaks with Rex Tillerson in 2011. Alexey Druzhinin / RIA Novosti via AFP - Getty Images, file
To Moscow, the benefits of such a deal are obvious: It hopes to see the lifting of international sanctions imposed after its forces helped seize and then annex Ukraine's southern peninsula of Crimea. In December, the U.S. also imposed sanctions against Russia and expelling 35 diplomats in retaliation for the alleged orchestration of hacking attacks designed to interfere in the presidential election.
But prospects for warming relations have suffered setbacks, chief among them National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's resignation Monday over his contact with Russia's ambassador. Tillerson's own close connections to Putin have also come under scrutiny.
Experts also ask whether the mooted warming of relations with Russia is even possible, given the failure of the Obama administration's own attempts.
Trump "clearly wants to make a deal with [Russian President Vladimir Putin]," said Chris Brown, a professor of international relations at the London School of Economics. "What's not clear is what Putin is prepared to offer in the way of a deal."
"What could stymie both of them is that Putin might not be offering anything that's viable," he added.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FROM JAN. 12: Rex Tillerson Grilled on Russia on Capitol Hill 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Russia's military muscle-flexing will surely complicate Lavrov-Tillerson chats. According to the Pentagon, four Russian aircraft flew in an "unsafe and unprofessional" manner near a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea last week.
China and North Korea
While Russia's relationship with the White House has come under scrutiny in recent weeks, some experts believe that China-U.S. ties pose the most serious challenge.
According to Reuters, Tillerson has already played a key role in convincing Trump to change course and commit to recognize the "One China" policy. This was a key step in beginning to normalize relations between the governments, after Trump repeatedly lashed out at China and broke with longstanding U.S. policy by taking a call from the president of Taiwan.
Related: China Is Both Threat, Opportunity for Trump
With China more economically able and politically inclined to assert itself globally, Tillerson will have to tread delicately in his relationship with Beijing.
In addition, China's status as nuclear-armed North Korea's most important ally means that the U.S. has a significant interest in developing a relationship that would which would allow Tillerson to try and pressure Pyongyang through Beijing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FROM FEB. 12: North Korean Missile Test Was 'Show of Force' to Pres. Trump, Says South 0:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
China's help in containing North Korea, which has tested one ballistic missile since Trump came to office, will be crucial.
However, Tillerson's comments during his confirmation hearings that the U.S. should "block access" to disputed islands China has reclaimed in disputed regions of the South China Sea set off a war of words with Beijing, suggesting that balancing the needs of Trump's "America First" stance with diplomacy could be problematic.
NATO and Europe
During the presidential campaign Trump sent spasms of anxiety through America's NATO partners, blasting the transatlantic military alliance as "obsolete," and suggesting the U.S. would not come to the aid of allies who were attacked unless they boosted financial contributions.
Experts say that comments like these, combined with Trump's oft-expressed admiration for Putin, have left NATO members fearful that the alliance's strongest member would not defend them in the event of Russian aggression.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Mattis Emphasizes Trump's 'Strong Support' for NATO 1:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"It's not a five-alarm fire yet, because that's been talk and what comes now is actual concrete policy," said Adam Quinn, an expert in international politics at the U.K.'s University of Birmingham. "The Europeans will be keen to see … if they can steer the administration toward something more like what they would see as a workable solution."
Trump's vocal support for Britain quitting the European Union, known as Brexit, has also ruffled feathers in Europe.
At a recent summit of European leaders in Malta, presidents and prime ministers, including France's Francois Hollande, lined up to denounce Trump's comments on relations with Europe, branding the president's positions as "extremism."
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2012
Tillerson has already begun the process of trying to smooth out the relationship with EU, meeting with the bloc's foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, in Washington, D.C., earlier this month.
Iran
Tillerson will face a complex set of challenges in the Middle East — with Iran among them.
Tehran and Washington are on opposite sides of a number of conflicts, with Iran helping prop up Syria's President Bashar al-Assad and training and supplying Houthi rebels in Yemen. It has also conducted three missile tests since Trump became president, which do not violate international agreements but are broadly seen as a challenge to the new administration. The Trump White House hit Iran with new sanctions for the tests and for its alleged sponsorship of terrorism.
Then there's the 2015 agreement with Iran that seeks to curtail Tehran's nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions. Trump called it "the worst deal ever negotiated" during the campaign, but more recently reassured EU the administration was committed to fully implementing the pact.
Israelis and Palestinians
Trump, the famous dealmaker, has publicly said that he wants to kick-start a renewed push for peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians. He has also suggested his son-in-law Jared Kushner could "make peace" between the two sides — a goal that has defeated previous administrations.
What exactly Trump — and Tillerson — plan to do is unclear.
What is clear is that the new U.S. president is seen as sympathetic to hard-line Israeli settlements on private Palestinian land, an issue at the heart of the conflict. The president has also pledged to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem — something that would likely enrage Palestinians and other Arabs.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FROM FEB. 2: Israeli UN Ambassador: 'Settlements Are Not The Obstacle To Peace' 5:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
He also named David Friedman — who voiced skepticism of a two-state solution, the bedrock of U.S. policy for the conflict, and compared left-leaning pro-Israel groups to Jews who collaborated with Nazis — as his ambassador to Israel.
But while many Israeli nationalists believe they have an ally in Trump, the White House has also said "the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful" in a achieving peace.
ISIS
Trump could not have been clearer during the campaign: He would crush ISIS, and Obama's war against the extremists was "a disaster."
One piece of good news is that by the time Trump got to the White House ISIS has been run out of all major cities in Iraq and Syria except for Mosul and Raqqa. But they still pose a threat, and not only in the Middle East.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FROM FEB. 7: President Assad: Trump Position on ISIS is 'Promising' 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And Trump's signature step to combat extremist acts on American soil — his travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries — has been stalled in the U.S. courts.
Stepping up the fight against ISIS in the Middle East could involve more boots on the ground — something Trump has said he is opposed to.
Follow Us: by
Gladewater Mirror App is now live,
current and back issues as well as information and more.
Get the app now at: gladewater360.com
Manchester City will not be signing Isco from Real Madrid in the transfer window, Pep Guardiola has said.
The Premier League champions have been linked with an €80million bid for the Spain international, who has been unable to hold down a permanent place in Zinedine Zidane's plans at the Santiago Bernabeu.
However, Guardiola has been quick to rule out a deal for the 26-year-old, who has a contract until 2022 that includes a release clause of €700m.
"City aren't going to sign Isco," he said simply when asked at an event for the Johan Cruyff Foundation.
The former Barcelona head coach was happy to pay tribute to Madrid's achievement under Zidane, after they claimed a third Champions League in a row last Saturday with a 3-1 win over Liverpool.
However, he has promised City will do their utmost to end the Spanish club's recent dominance.
"It's spectacular, you have to take your hat off to them," he said. "It doesn't matter if they deserve it or not, because it's very difficult to do what they've done.
"They've demonstrated their quality, and we hope to prevent them from taking the fourth consecutive one.
"Zidane has done a spectacular job."
South Georgia residents on the western edge of the Okefenokee Swamp are being warned to prepare for potential evacuations as a wildfire that has burned 31 square miles (80 square km) near the Georgia-Florida line keeps growing.
Sparked by lightning April 6 in the Okefenokee National Wildlife refuge, the fire more than doubled in size over the weekend on nearby public land as strong winds fanned the blaze. It covered 20,162 acres (80 square km) Monday.
Clinch County emergency management director Will Joyce said some residents of Fargo, a city of about 320 people, were urged over the weekend to pack bags just in case evacuations are ordered.
Leland Bass of the Georgia Forestry Commission said the fire Monday was burning roughly 7 miles (11 km) outside of Fargo.
Today, Kendrick Lamar accepted the 2018 Pulitzer Prize for Music at Columbia University in New York City. The closed ceremony was livestreamed earlier on the Pulitzer Facebook page. Kendrick Lamar won the prize back in April for his album DAMN., which the committee called: “a virtuosic song collection unified by its vernacular authenticity and rhythmic dynamism that offers affecting vignettes capturing the complexity of modern African-American life.” Kendrick recieved a standing ovation when he received his award, as he was the big star of the event. The rapper is currently on tour with his TDE crew where he's been seen performing in front of a large screen stating: Pulitzer Kenny. You can see video (Lamar accepts his prize around the 53 minute mark) and pictures from the ceremony below.
.@kendricklamar is in the building. “We're both making history,” #Pulitzer Administrator @DanaCanedy told the Pulitzer music award-winner as he entered today's prize luncheon. pic.twitter.com/Tg3cMQiLOH — The Pulitzer Prizes (@PulitzerPrizes) May 30, 2018
AgWorld joins John Deere LEADING global farm management platform Agworld has announced it has integrated with the John Deere Operations Center. It will enable growers to streamline their data transfer and vastly improve data accuracy. According to AgWorld, one of the challenges farmers face, is managing farm data and turning it into useful insights for better decision-making. “Data being collected from farm equipment is very important but can sometimes face challenges around standardisation and human data entry errors,” Agworld chief executive officer Doug Fitch said. “This limits the extent to which farm data can be used for business decisions, data analytics and the future of machine learning. “Farm businesses require high quality and consistent data to ultimately better understand their risk versus reward and whole farm profitability.” To address this issue, Agworld has built an integration on the John Deere Operations Center platform that will dramatically improve the accuracy of farm data globally, without the need for farmers to spend hours in the office reconciling as-applied information. The integration combines Agworld's software and industry-leading standardised database, with John Deere's JDLink Connect automated operations tracking, to bridge an information gap, allowing farmers to create accurate records in a fraction of the time. “This integration is a game-changer for the industry,” Mr Fitch said. “There is fewer data entry required by those collaborating within the process, more automation of record-keeping, better quality data and it is all stored in one place – the Agworld platform. “Together with John Deere, we are building a future where farm record-keeping can be fully automated without sacrificing data accuracy. “This integration is a major step in that direction. “Agworld's ease of use, structured data and collaborative platform, coupled with John Deere's equipment, technology, and dealer services, makes this integration globally unique.”
Agworld's software is used on more than 50,000 farms and more than 28,000 users throughout 15 countries. p More information: www.agworld.com.au/john-deere Melissa firmly on career pathway CAREER opportunities for Bunbury Machinery saleswoman Melissa Davies are firming up with news she has been chosen for this year's Kubota Mentor program annual intake. She is one of only two people from WA who will participate in the prestigious program along with Daniel Trigwell, A&R Machinery, Donnybrook. The program involves travelling to Kubota's Melbourne headquarters four times during the year to study products, marketing and sales. According to Bunbury Machinery's branch manager Darren Pulford, the mentor program is designed to give people of all ages a well-rounded education of the farm mechanisation industry with the aim to promote career pathways. A graduate from De La Salle College, Middle Swan, Melissa originally thought she might like to try an apprenticeship in boiler-making while following her passion towards motocross, becoming the Australian champion in 2009. Melissa grew up in the Swan Valley and “gravitated” to a job repairing seeder points with Colwood Points Repairs, Armadale, in 2012. In 2015 she made the move from Perth to Bunbury and secured a job at a local motorcycle shop. Six months later an opportunity arose at Bunbury Machinery to sell agricultural equipment and Melissa jumped at the chance to become involved with a rural-focused company. She has been employed with the company for 18 months, selling equipment such as Kubota and Massey Ferguson tractors, JCB construction equipment and looking after Bunbury Machinery's marketing and advertising. “It's a great job, a great company and working with great people makes it enjoyable,” she said. Melissa is looking forward to the Kubota mentor program to gain more product information and background in the industry. “You're always learning and therefore I encourage young people to have a look at the industry as it has a lot to offer in terms of career opportunities,” she said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — School officials in Rhode Island say a teenager has been arrested for shooting the window of an elementary school bus with a pellet gun.
WPRO-AM reports that the shooting happened Monday afternoon in North Kingstown.
Superintendent Philip Auger says no one was injured, but some children were hit with safety glass from the broken window.
Auger emailed parents Monday night to say the person responsible was arrested.
He says the bus was bringing students home from Fishing Cove Elementary School.
After the shooting, the bus driver pulled away, checked on the students and called police. Students were taken home on another bus.
Auger says the school department is co-operating with police.
——
Information from: WPRO-AM, http://www.630wpro.com/
Mountain High in Wrightwood has been sold to Mountain High Reunited – a group that includes the resort's current president and CEO, as well as its senior management team.
Terms of the sale by Ski Resort Holdings LLC, an affiliate of Oz Real Estate, were not released, according to a statement announcing the transaction Friday. The current Mountain High management team will remain in place and continue to operate the resort.
PHOTOS: Opening day 2016 at Mountain High ski resort
The sale won't affect the resort's standing as a member of the Powder Alliance, a group of 16 domestic and international resorts that share reciprocal season pass benefits, the statement said.
Mountain High president and CEO Karl Kapuscinski said the resort has enjoyed its time under its previous owners, CNL Lifestyle Properties and Oz Real Estate, “but look forward to our next chapter.”
Roughly 18 million people visit the resort for winter sports, Kapuscinski said, adding that “with the expanding diversity of the Southern California market, we are very excited about the future.
“Plans are already being discussed for potential capital improvements for both our winter and summer activities,” he said.
Previously: Why 106 Santas hit the slopes at Mountain High in Wrightwood
Given last year's wet winter, Mountain High anticipates a strong 2017-18 season.
With nearly three times as much water available for snowmaking compared with last year, the Mountain High team is busy preparing for the upcoming season, which is anticipated to be in mid-November, the statement said.
Mountain High isn't the only resort with a new owner; in April, Bear Mountain and Snow Summit were swooped up as part of a four-resort deal that also included Eastern Sierra's Mammoth Mountain and June Mountain.
That purchase by Aspen Skiing Co. and Denver-based private equity firm KSL Capital Partners gave the joint venture more than 6,000 acres of Southern California ski terrain across four resorts that host more than 2 million visits a year.
Mountain High consists of three separate mountains and features 16 lifts and 59 trails for skiing, snowboarding and tubing. It is the only regional resort with night skiing available seven nights a week during the peak season.
Mountain High's winter season traditionally runs from mid-November to mid-April.
For more information about Mountain High, visit mthigh.com or follow on Twitter@mthigh, Instagram @mthighsnow and Facebook.
The acceptance has arrived, the sweatshirts have been purchased and all signs point to college in the fall — but what are you supposed to do if your acceptance is rescinded?
For prospective students at the University of California, Irvine, that nightmare came true. In July, the college took back nearly 500 acceptances, citing over-enrollment. Students and parents were outraged, and the college re-extended many of the original offers.
You may have also heard about the would-be Harvard students whose acceptances were rescinded after it was discovered they had posted deeply offensive memes in a Facebook group chat, violating the university's code of conduct.
The truth is, a rescinded admission — especially on this scale — is relatively rare. But it does happen, and colleges are clear about their policies surrounding what they call a pending acceptance. In fact, when you get an acceptance notification, that's exactly what you've received: An acceptance to the school pending several factors, such as whether your final grades are up to par.
The University of California, Irvine, Feb. 26, 2013. David McNew / Redux Pictures
Know the rules
“A lot of times with the kids and parents when they receive the initial acceptance letter, they don't understand that it's pending,” said Dawn Mann, the counselor at Harrison High School in Kennesaw, Georgia. “Actually in the computer, that status is AP — that means you are accepted pending a couple of things.”
Mann tells her students about the importance of maintaining the status quo. “It's not about improving. But the 12th year does matter, and you're not off the hook when you receive that initial admissions letter of acceptance.”
Though Mann has never had a student's acceptance rescinded, she knows that Georgia Tech and the University of Georgia, in particular, have strict and rigorous standards for their incoming students. So if a high schooler hits the news for a criminal act, the colleges will check that teen's name in their system to see if he or she is one of theirs.
So what can you do to prevent — and problem-solve — a potential issue before matriculating?
Know the rules, said Rachel White, a master-level counselor at educational consulting firm IvyWise.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Steve Kornacki: Why I Chose Boston University 2:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“I'm sure it's available on the website, but it's probably easier to ask someone at the school because sometimes it's hard to get through all that fine print,” said White.
“Don't be afraid to pick up the phone and call the admissions office and ask: once all the excitement has worn off and all you've been accepted and you've enrolled, what happens next? What do students need to be aware of — timelines if there's a big deadline coming up when you need to send paperwork or even just register for classes. That stuff should be on the forefront of parents' and students' minds.”
Because applying to college is such a lengthy process, students may want to sit back and coast, said White. But don't. “It almost feels like you've crossed the finish line, but in fact there's still a little farther to go, and arguably the most important stuff is to come.”
'You never know how things are going to come up'
Should disaster strike — you miss a deadline, or there's a dip in your grades or a disciplinary infraction — pick up the phone, the experts advise. Remember that the admissions office is a living, breathing group of dedicated professionals who want you to attend their school — and don't want to punish you if they don't have to.
And be honest.
“I tell my students and parents: You need to disclose information because you never know how things are going to come up, and how admissions officers will find out about certain situations,” said Mann. “But don't write two paragraphs about the mistake. Write one paragraph about it, and your next two should contain the information on what you've learned from that mistake, and how you've used that past behavior to improve how you make decisions now, and how much you've grown.”
RTE predicted the result would be 69 percent to 30 percent in favor of repeal, while the Irish Times newspaper predicted “yes” would receive 68 percent of the vote, with “no” falling behind on 32 percent.
The exit polls, both released late Friday, are only predictions, with official tallies due Saturday afternoon. But if the numbers hold up, the victory margin for the “yes” vote will be greater than abortion rights activists predicted.
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, who is in favor of change, did not claim victory after seeing the exit polls late Friday but thanked everyone for voting.
“Democracy in action. It's looking like we will make history tomorrow… #Together4Yes,” he tweeted.
Cora Sherlock, a spokeswoman for anti-abortion campaign Love Both, tweeted that if accurate the exit polls “paint a very sad state of affairs.”
“But those who voted No should take heart,” she added, “the pro-life movement will rise to any challenge it faces.”
If exit polls are correct and Ireland has voted to repeal the Eighth Amendment to its Constitution, it will then fall to parliament to establish new laws governing abortions.
A ballot box is emptied as counting of the votes begins, the day after the Abortion Referendum, on liberalizing abortion laws in Dublin, Ireland. CLODAGH KILCOYNE / Reuters
The government proposes that the law be changed to allow unrestricted access to abortions up to 12 weeks of pregnancy. Later abortions would also be allowed in special circumstances.
The once deeply Catholic country has some of the most restrictive abortion laws in the European Union, with Malta — where abortion is banned under all circumstances — the only member of the 28-country bloc with tighter legislation.
More than 3.2 million people registered to vote in the referendum.
Ireland is one of the few E.U. countries that does not allow those abroad to vote by mail or at embassies, so many expatriates traveled to cast their ballots and shared their journeys on social media under the hashtag #hometovote.
Just off the plane #hometovote!! And my amazing family came through with the banners...can't wait to get out and do some last minute campaigning to make Ireland more compassionate! #Together4Yes #YourYesMatters #mybodymychoice pic.twitter.com/6HSFyyjZj6 — Gill_Connolly (@Gill_Connolly) May 24, 2018
Thousands of dollars were raised on Facebook overnight for people who realized that they could make it back to Ireland to vote but could not afford the last-minute flights.
Members of the Abroad for Yes group wired donations to people no longer living in Ireland.
Becky Breakey, who lives in the Hungarian city of Budapest, was able to travel after she posted that it would cost her 555 euros ($644) to return home. Aisling Cotter said she reached her target to get back from London after just eight minutes, while others were given enough money to fly from as far away as Montreal.
The referendum follows an emotive and often acrimonious campaign. Varadkar has warned that the referendum is a “once-in-a-generation” opportunity.
If Flowers is traded, the Giants are going to have to draft a tackle or sign one as a free agent.
Odell Beckham Jr., who missed most of last season with a broken ankle, and defensive end Olivier Vernon were both at the minicamp. They skipped the minicamp a year ago.
"I think the big thing for us is our game is very simple — it's about the ball, it's about negotiating the ground and it's really about man whipping man," Shurmur said.
The minicamp, which does not entail any hitting, is more about making sure players get to know the new systems, with some throwing and receiving mixed in. The defences can work on stripping the ball.
There was speculation that Shurmur wanted to use the minicamp to see what quarterback Davis Webb could do. The third-round pick did nothing last season, so the Giants really don't know what they have with their backup to Eli Manning.
"I don't think there needs to be any anxiety on his part — get trained up, come on out here, let it rip and mistakes happen in practice and you learn from them," Shurmur said. "I think that's why you practice, so I think you have to be careful about making a final evaluation on a guy in a three-day period here. He just needs to come out here and get as good as he can be."
Most players said they felt they were entering this season with a clean slate.
Cornerback Janoris Jenkins, who was suspended for a game last season after missing a practice, intends to be on his best behaviour this season.
"I promise y'all that Jackrabbit says it won't happen this year what happened last year," he said. "There won't be any animosity between players, no disrespecting the coach. There will be none of that. New York Giant football is back."
Jenkins also believes fellow cornerback and 2016 first-round draft pick Eli Apple, who also was suspended for a game, will be a different player this season.
"You have to understand that he was young," Jenkins said. "It's a clean slate, new coaching staff and for him it's guys like me that have to push him and help him out because I've been in the league so long and just help him understand that adversity is going to hit you and when it hits, you've just got to keep it going."
Beckham did not take part in the afternoon practice, but fellow receiver Sterling Shepard said that was a precaution.
"I've been with him and have been training with him a bit and, to be honest, I forget that he got hurt sometimes," Shepard said.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tom Canavan, The Associated Press
Supplementing your protein intake isn't just for weightlifters. It can be a valuable training tool for runners as well – if you use it correctly. – By James Stout for Bicycling
We all know that protein helps runners recover from hard runs, but sometimes we struggle to get enough nutritionally complete amounts into our system as we rush between workouts and workplaces.
Protein powders can be an easy, convenient option – but they are also historically chalky, gas-inducing and goopy. No one would blame you if you've sworn off the stuff, but if you haven't tried it in a while, it might be time to give protein powder another look. Today there are lots of options, which taste, dissolve and digest much better than they used to – great news for the time-crunched athlete.
So how do you negotiate the frankly bamboozling process of picking one, and how do you use it most effectively? Here's a quick guide to using protein powder to help you meet your goals.
First: How much protein do you actually need?
Recreational athletes need about 0.8 to 1 gram of protein for each kilogram of body weight and day to maintain muscle mass. So, if you weigh 77 kilograms, you'll want about 77 grams of protein daily. However, if you're a masters athlete or you exercise intensely for 10 or more hours a week, you probably need a little more to help repair and build your muscles. The American College of Sports Medicine recommends around 1.2 to 2 grams of protein/kg of body weight for serious athletes.
Most protein powders contain from 20-50 grams of protein per serving, which might seem like the quickest way to hit your mark. However Kristen Arnold, a performance nutritionist and elite cyclist cautions that your body can only absorb 25-30 grams of protein per meal (any excess is converted to waste). So before you choose a protein powder, double-check the serving size and protein ratio to make sure you're not paying for protein your body can't actually use.
What are the best sources?
Once you know how much protein you need, the big question is how to take it in. Lori Nedescu, founder of The Cadence Kitchen, warns that not all protein sources are created equally. “While all protein is made up of amino acids that are either essential (you have to obtain from an outside food source) or non-essential (your body creates enough), the similarities stop there.”
RELATED: The Best Time for Protein!
Protein powders typically prioritise one of two milk derivatives: whey or casein. Or they can use a plant-based amino acid source, such as peanuts. Different ratios of amino acids can affect your body differently, so whether you just want a quick recovery drink, or to build some serious sprinting muscle, check the ingredients to make sure they align with your goals.
What's best for immediate recovery?
Whey is an easily digestible and rapidly absorbed protein that makes up about 20 percent of milk's protein content. It is obtained as a by-product of the cheese-making process (curds and whey anyone?), and will send a fast burst of amino acids to your muscles for recovery. Whey protein also contains a high proportion of leucine, the amino acid thought to be the most important in boosting recovery and performance. Aim for two grams or more of whey per 25 gram serving, and if you can, try to pick whey isolate, which has less fat and tends to dissolve better.
RELATED: 6 High-Protein Dinners That Can Replace Chicken
How about longer term rebuilding?
Casein makes up the other 80 percent of milk protein. The difference between casein and whey is that casein takes hours to absorb. For this reason, try to pick whey for immediate post-run recovery (as it has a more immediate impact) and save casein for long term muscle building. Nedescu adds that casein can be difficult to digest. She says that “If your powder is causing you gastro-intestinal disruptions, try a goat's milk-based powder – these have roughly 89 percent less casein than cow's, but still deliver excellent nutrition.”
When do you use plant proteins?
Plant proteins can provide plenty of amino acids and help with immune function and recovery. Arnold says that “soy protein is the next best thing to milk-based protein. It has been shown to be a 99 percent complete protein source and contributes to muscle growth only slightly less than milk-based protein.”
Nedescu is a fan of pea protein, especially for those with soy intolerances. However, plant-based protein powders also tend to have some strong flavours that are often masked with artificial or natural sweeteners. If you're trying to limit your sugar or sweetener intake, check the ingredient and nutrition information.
What to know about additives
Lots of brands will add ingredients to protein powders to further help recovery. Some of these are simply enhanced concentrations of the amino acids already present in the ingredients, such as glutamine or leucine. Other powders add creatine, which actually hasn't been proven to be of much use to endurance athletes. Finally, in most powders you'll also likely find a significant carbohydrate content. A three-to-one to four-to-one ratio of carbohydrate to protein has been shown to optimise recovery, but also adds calories. If you don't want to load up on sugar, stick to straight protein and add your carbs by blending with a banana, some oats, or berries.
Related: 4 Reasons You Should Eat Protein At Breakfast
One of the major factors when deciding on a protein powder is safety. Many products and brands have been shown to contain illegal-for-sport substances (and even pharmaceutical drugs!). Arnold suggests that athletes look for products with the ‘NSF Certified for Sport' or ‘GMP Good Manufacturing Practices' tag to make sure they are getting a protein that is properly sourced and free of banned substances.
The article Your Definitive Guide to Protein Powder originally appeared on Bicycling.
Friday on Elm Street
Close New installment to Freddy vs. Jason is nothing to write home about. Instagram Instagram New installment to Freddy vs. Jason is nothing to write home about.
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Friday on Elm Street by Fabolous and Jadakiss was released on Thanksgiving Day 2017 off of Def Jam Records along with Street Fam and D-Block records. It is odd the mixtape was not released on Halloween due to its 80's horror flick theme. The mixtape is the third installment in the Freddy vs. Jason trilogy. Fabolous plays Freddy Krueger and Jadakiss stars as Jason Voorhees.
Debuting at number 10 on Billboard 200, Friday on Elm Street doesn't exactly woo crowds but is by no means a flop.
Fabolous who released his debut album on Sept. 11, 2001 has since become one of the most original and inspiring rappers of all time. He has also come to dominate the mixtape world later in his career. Jadakiss, a rap veteran and the most prominent and talented acts to come out of the group The L.O.X. with Styles-P and Sheek Louch makes the tape what it is.
It just feels like Fabolous didn't give it his all lyrically on Friday on Elm Street. Compared to the Friday Night Freestyles mixtape hosted by DJ Clue that features Fab in a hockey mask holding a knife on the cover, it's almost hard to believe it's the same rapper on both mixtapes. Jadakiss however kills it! Every verse is one of the best you've ever heard.
The track “Theme Music” is the highlight of the mixtape. It's both artists' at a lyrical strong point and features Marvin Gaye vocals in the background. The beats are nothing to write home about, and really aren't even worth mentioning. The beats have never been the reason anyone listens to Fabolous or Jadakiss though. They are two of some of the most talented lyricists to have ever blessed the mic. You listen to them because you want to hear what they have to say.
To be brutally honest none of the Freddy vs Jason mixtapes were showstoppers. Friday on Elm Street falls in line with the other two. However, it's not a waste of time listening to either. If anything, listen to it for Jadakiss's verses and compare it to Fabolous's three “Soul Tape” mixtapes and his three “There is no Competition” mixtapes (all of which can be found on Youtube.com). Then ask yourself if you can do better. Because Fabolous is my favorite rapper, it hurts me to say there were better mixtapes released in November.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
Maldivian opposition supporters scuffle with security forces officers during a protest demanding the release of political prisoners in Male, Maldives, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. The exiled former president of the Maldives said Friday that the government must abide by a Supreme Court ruling to free a group of political prisoners, hours after clashes erupted in the Indian Ocean archipelago's capital in the wake of the surprise verdict. Mohamed Sharuhaan AP Photo
BOGOTA — Colombian authorities are seeking to re-arrest a former hit man for late drug lord Pablo Escobar for violating his parole after he was caught partying with a major trafficker wanted by the U.S., prosecutors said Saturday.
Jhon Jairo Velasquez, known by his nickname Popeye, was paroled in 2014 after confessing to hundreds of murders and spending 22 years in jail for plotting the murder of an ex-presidential candidate. Since being released, Velasquez has gained notoriety as an author and YouTube celebrity who delivers angry diatribes against leftist rebels, corrupt politicians and Venezuela's socialist government.
His presence at a raucous birthday party for Juan Carlos Mesa, one of Colombia's most-wanted drug traffickers, constituted a “very serious” offence, said the country's chief prosecutor's office. The U.S. had been offering a $2 million bounty for Mesa's capture.
Police raided the party on Friday at a country house near Medellin where they arrested Mesa, alias Tom, who was celebrating his 50th birthday in almost stereotypical narco form: surrounded by armed bodyguards, young women, bountiful alcohol and lots of gambling.
It was unclear what Velasquez was doing at the party. El Tiempo newspaper reported that police seized more than $40,000 in cash, jewelry and seven luxury cars.
Velasquez took advantage of his time behind bars to obtain a number of academic degrees and to seek forgiveness from his victims. He also provided prosecutors with testimony that led to the conviction of a former justice minister close to Escobar.
But even while expressing regret about his crimes, he continued to demonstrate admiration for his former boss.
“If Pablo Escobar were to be reborn I'd go with him without thinking,” he told El Tiempo newspaper in 2013.
The Nowhere People: Rohingyas in India
NEW DELHI, Apr 25 2018 (IPS) - A devastating fire in a shanty at Kalindi Kunj, a New Delhi suburb, that gutted the homes of 226 Rohingya refugees from Myanmar, including 100 women and 50 children, has trained a spotlight on India's ad hoc policy on international migrants.
Already persecuted in their country of origin, Rohingyas — the largest stateless population in the world at three million — have found shelter across vast swathes of Asia including in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Thailand and Malaysia. According to the International Organization for Migration (IOM), there are more than 700,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh alone, who now face the onset of the monsoon season in flimsy shelters.
"As a big regional player, the refugee crisis presents India with a unique opportunity to set an example and work out a long-term resolution to this humanitarian crisis." --Dr. Ranjan Biswas
Demographers note that the Rohingyas' displacement, while on a particularly dramatic scale, is illustrative of a larger global trend. According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the world is witnessing the highest level of displacement on record with 22.5 million refugees, over half of them under 18, languishing in different parts of the world in search of a normal life.
Often referred to as the boat people – because they journey in packed boats to escape their homeland — around 40,000 Rohingyas have trickled into India over the past three years to cities like New Delhi, Jaipur, Hyderabad and Jammu where their population is the largest. Some had settled in the Kalindi Kunj camp that was set up in 2012 by a non-profit on a 150-odd square metre plot that it owns.
The camp's occupants worked as daily wage labourers or were employed with private companies. A few even ran kirana (grocery) kiosks near the camp. Most of these refugees had landed in Delhi after failed stints in Rohingya camps in Bangladesh or Jammu (a northern Indian city), where they were repeatedly targeted by radical Hindu groups.
Nurudddin, 56, who lost all his belongings and papers in the Kalindi Kunj fire, told IPS that he has been living like a vagabond since he fled Myanmar with his wife and four children in 2016. “We left Myanmar to go to Bangladesh but we faced a lot of hardships there too. I couldn't get a job, there was no proper food or accommodation. We arrived in Delhi last year with a lot of hope but so far things haven't been going too well here either,” said the frail man with a grey beard.
Following the Kalindi Kunj fire, and public complaints about the government's neglect of Rohingya camps, the Supreme Court intervened. On April 9, the apex court asked the Centre to file a comprehensive status report in four weeks on the civic amenities at two Rohingya camps in Delhi and Haryana, following allegations that basic facilities like drinking water and toilets were missing from these settlements.
Senior Supreme Court lawyer, Prashant Bhushan, appearing for the Rohingyas told the court that the refugees were being subjected to discrimination with regard to basic amenities. However, this was refuted by Additional Solicitor General, Tushar Mehta who, appearing for the Centre said there was no discrimination against the Rohingyas. The court will again take up the matter on May 9.
The Rohingya issue entered mainstream public discourse last August when the ruling Hindu nationalist Bhartiya Janata Party government abruptly asked the country's 29 states to identify illegal immigrants for deportation – including, the guidance said, Rohingya Muslims who had fled Myanmar.
“As per available estimates there are around 40,000 Rohingyas living illegally in the country,” India's junior home minister Kiren Rijiju then told Parliament: “The government has issued detailed instructions for deportation of illegal foreign nationals including Rohingyas.”
In its affidavit filed before the Supreme Court, the Centre claimed that Rohingya refugees posed a “serious national security threat” and that their deportation was in the “larger interest” of the country. It also asked the court to “decline its interference” in the matter.
The Centre's decision to deport the Rohingyas attracted domestic as well as global opprobrium. “It is both unprecedented and impractical,” Meenakshi Ganguly, South Asia director of Human Rights Watch, told Scroll.in. “It is unprecedented because India has never been unwelcoming of refugees, let alone conducting such mass deportation,” she said. “And I would call it impractical because where would they [the Indian government] send these people? They have no passports and the Myanmar government is not going to accept them as legitimate citizens.”
Some critics also pointed out that the Rohingyas were being targeted by the ruling Hindu Bhartiya Janata Party government because they were Muslims, an allegation the Centre has refuted.
Parallels have also been drawn with refugees from other countries like Nepal, Bangladesh and Pakistan who have comfortably made India their home over the years. However, to keep a strict vigil against the Rohingyas' influx, the Indian government has specially stationed 6,000 soldiers on the India-Bangladesh border.
Activists say that despite thousands of refugees and asylum seekers (204,600 in 2011 as per the Central government) already living in India, refugees' rights are a grey area. An overarching feeling is that refugees pose a security threat and create demographic imbalances. A domestic legal framework to extend basic rights to refugees is also missing.
Since the government's crackdown, Rohingya groups have been lobbying to thwart their deportation to their native land. In a Public Interest Litigation in the Supreme Court of India titled Mohammed Salimullah vs Union of India (Writ Petition no. 793 of 2017), they have demanded that they be allowed to stay on in India.
However, the government has contented that the plea of the petitioner is untenable, on grounds that India is not a signatory to the UN Convention of 1951. The convention relates to the status of refugees, and the Protocol of 1967, under the principle of non-refoulement. This principle states that refugees will not be deported to a country where they face threat of persecution. The matter is now in the Supreme Court of India which is saddled with the onerous task of balancing national security with the human rights of the refugees.
However, as Shubha Goswami, a senior advocate with the High Court points out, while India may not have signed the refugee convention, it is still co-signatory to many other important international conventions like the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which includes the principle of non-refoulement, and it is legally binding that India provide for the Rohingyas.
There's growing public opinion as well that the government should embrace and empower these hapless people.
“Rather than resent their presence, India should accept the Rohingyas as it has other migrants,” elaborates Dr. Ranjan Biswas, ex-professor sociology, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. “As a big regional player, the refugee crisis presents India with a unique opportunity to set an example and work out a long-term resolution to this humanitarian crisis which will usher in peace and stability in the region.”
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Even for America's fastest skiers, securing a spot on the U.S. Olympic team is always an uphill battle. No one knows that better than veteran downhiller Steven Nyman.
The 35-year-old Utah native managed to secure a spot after coming back from a devastating knee injury sustained in a crash in Germany last season. But on Jan. 26 — just two weeks before the start of the games in Pyeongchang, South Korea — Nyman's Olympic dreams were dashed anew when he injured his other knee during a training run in Germany.
Nyman expects to be racing again next season and has his sights set on the 2019 World Championships in Sweden. To get there, he knows he'll have to work hard and make use of all the training tools at his disposal.
And like many elite skiers, he knows that training in a wind tunnel is a great way to hone his form and cut precious seconds off his times — without risk of injury.
Wind tunnels essentially simulate racing conditions. “To replicate the aerodynamic effects on a skier, the wind tunnel pulls the air past the skier at the same speed as he would be traveling down a hill,” says Layne Petersen, founder of the Darko Wind Tunnel in Ogden, Utah. After last year's injury, Nyman trained repeatedly in wind tunnels, including in Peterson's facility.
Steven Nyman of the U.S. United States speeds down the course during a training session at the Alpine skiing World Cup in Wengen, Switzerland, on Jan. 11. Jean-Christophe Bott / Keystone via AP
Alpine skiers can reach speeds of 90 miles per hour as they fly down the face of an icy mountain, propped up by nothing more than a pair of six-foot-long fiberglass planks. Wind resistance is every skier's enemy, and finding a way to reduce it can make the difference between finishing on the podium and walking away empty-handed.
"The difference between first and fourth place can be less than two-tenths of a second," says Troy Taylor, high performance director for the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association.
Wind tunnels let skiers focus closely on how they position their bodies, helping them figure out ways to streamline their stances. “I like to look at arm positions and pole positions,” Nyman says. “If I have my arms in front of me as I'm skiing, where do they need to be to break the wind better?”
Nyman in racing position in a wind tunnel. The three-time Olympian says he visits wind tunnels "two to four times a year." Andie Judson
In essence, the tunnels become laboratories in which athletes and their coaches can experiment repeatedly to build a “vocabulary” of aerodynamically optimized body positions that the skiers can later use to negotiate mountain courses at high speed.
The data generated by tunnel facilities are reported to the athlete in real time, so he or she can tweak their position on the fly.
It's not easy work.
Steve Nyman poses for a portrait at the 2017 Team USA Media Summit. Rick Bowmer / AP
"You're holding that small tucked position in a wind tunnel for five minutes at a time, so your legs are burning,” Nyman says. "The wind is tearing through you, so you get dry in the mouth."
But he knows it's a crucial way to unlock the tiny aerodynamic gains that yield big improvements in his downhill times.
A male World Cup skier might generate 30 to 31 pounds of drag; female skiers might pull 22 to 26 pounds. Smaller drag measurements mean less wind resistance, and the general rule is that a reduction of 0.2 pound of drag can increase a skier's top speed by about 0.98 mile per hour.
Nyman won't be racing in Pyeongchang, but he's not about to give up.
“I was really looking forward to not only representing our country at my fourth Olympics but trying to contend for a medal,” Nyman said in a written statement. “The good news is that this injury is much more straightforward than last year, and will be much easier to come back from."
The email arrived in mid-June, seeking to explode any notion that global warming might turn our Arctic expedition into a summer cruise.
"The most important piece of clothing to pack is good, sturdy and warm boots. There is going to be snow and ice on the deck of the icebreaker," it read.
The Associated Press was joining international researchers on a month-long, 10,000 kilometer (6,200-mile) journey to document the impact of climate change on the forbidding ice and frigid waters of the Far North. But once the ship entered the fabled Northwest Passage between the Atlantic and the Pacific, there would be nowhere to stop for supplies and no help for hundreds of miles. So in went the boots: Global warming or not, it was best to come prepared.
If parts of the planet are becoming like a furnace because of global warming, then the Arctic is best described as the world's air-conditioning unit. The frozen north plays a crucial role in cooling the rest of the planet while reflecting some of the sun's heat back into space.
But it, too, is beginning to overheat. Last year was the hottest on record in the Arctic. And for several decades, satellite pictures have shown a dramatic decline in Arctic sea ice that is already affecting the lives of humans and animals in the region, from Inuit communities to polar bears.
Scientists say sea ice will largely vanish from the Arctic during the summer within the coming decades. Experts predict that the impact of the melting ice will be felt across the northern hemisphere as far as Florida or France.
"Things are changing in the Arctic, and that is changing things everywhere else," said David 'Duke' Snider, the seasoned mariner responsible for navigating the Finnish icebreaker MSV Nordica.
Researchers on the trip sought a first-hand view of the effects of global warming already seen from space. The ship departed Vancouver in early July and arrived in Nuuk, Greenland on July 29th, the earliest transit ever of a region that isn't usually navigable until later in the year because of ice.
Twelve days after the ship had left Vancouver, the ice appeared out of nowhere.
At first, lone floes bobbed on the waves like mangled lumps of Styrofoam. By the time Nordica reached Point Barrow, on Alaska's northernmost tip, the sea was swarming with ice.
Snider recalled that when he started guiding ships through Arctic waters more than 30 years ago, the ice pack in mid-July would have stretched 50 miles farther southwest. Back then, a ship also would have encountered much thicker, blueish ice that had survived several summer melts, becoming hard as concrete in the process, he said. He likened this year's ice to a sea of porridge with a few hard chunks.
The outdoor thermometer indicated a temperature of 47 degrees Fahrenheit (8.3 Celsius), but in the never-setting sun of an Arctic summer it felt more like 60 F. Days blurred into nights. Even in their bunks, those on board heard the constant churning of ice as the ship plowed through the debris rolling beneath the hull, thundering like hail on a tin roof.
As the icebreaker entered Victoria Strait, deep inside the Northwest Passage, we looked for a shadow moving in the distance or a flash of pale yellow in the expanse of white that would signal the presence of the world's largest land predator.
At last, a cry went out: "Nanuq, nanuq!"
Maatiusi Manning, an Inuit sailor, had spotted what everyone on board was hoping to see — the first polar bear.
The 1,000-pound predators are at the top of a food chain that's being pummeled by global warming because of the immediate impact vanishing sea ice has on a range of animals and plants that depend on it.
"If we continue losing ice, we're going to lose species with it," said Paula von Weller, a field biologist who was on the trip.
No Arctic creature has become more associated with climate change than the polar bear, the poster child of Arctic wildlife. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimated in January that about 26,000 specimens remain in the wild, and warned that melting sea ice is robbing the bear of its natural hunting ground for seals and other prey.
While some polar bears are expected to follow the retreating ice northward, others will head south, where they will come into greater contact with humans — encounters that are unlikely to end well for the bears.
Some of the animals highly associated with the ice are not going to be able to adapt in a reasonable amount of time to keep up with climate change, Weller said.
"The walrus, for example, may spend more time on the mainland. They're very prone to disturbance so that's not a good place for walrus to be," said von Weller.
Research published four years ago rang alarms bells about the future of the red king crab — a big earner for Alaska's fishing industry — because rising levels of carbon dioxide, a driver of global warming, are making oceans more acidic. Algae that cling to the underside of sea ice are also losing their habitat. If they vanish, copepods, a type of zooplankton that eats algae, will lose their source of food, and the tiny crustaceans in turn are prey for fish, whales and birds.
Meanwhile, as waters warm, orca are traveling further north in search of food. Some wildlife experts predict they will become the main seal predator in the coming decades, replacing polar bears.
Humans are also increasingly venturing into the Arctic in search of untapped deposits of minerals and fossil fuels, and the potential for oil spills is a major cause for concern among environmentalists. The Inuit people in the Clyde River community of Baffin Island also fear that the loud underwater noise caused by seismic blasts of oil companies could disorient marine mammals such as whales and affect the reproductive cycles of fish and shrimp stocks.
However, some say the absence of sea ice for longer periods each summer is not all bad: Boats can supply villages and mines for longer periods of the year.
Nordica reached Nuuk, the capital of Greenland, after 24 days.
And in the end, we did get a taste of the warming Arctic: Those heavy, fur-lined boots never got used.
———
Follow Frank Jordans on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/wirereporter
———
Learn more about the Arctic and read dispatches sent by a team of AP journalists as they traveled through the Arctic Circle's fabled Northwest Passage last month: https://www.apnews.com/tag/NewArctic .
Kentucky is home to 95 percent of the world's bourbon, but until recently, what you've see in stores and on bar shelves is limited to what's currently available — or what the seller has been able to hang on to. Antique bottles are relegated to museum displays or private collections.
A new law allows individuals to sell vintage bottles of bourbon to licensed retailers. Now, generations of booze stashed away in attics or cellars can be sold legally. Alan Levine
But a new law signed last month by Kentucky governor Matt Bevin that will allow individuals to sell their vintage bottles to licensed retailers changes all that.
"It's going to unlock a bunch of treasures that are truly going to transform the Kentucky bourbon experience," Kentucky Distillers Association president Eric Gregory told NBC News. "We really have no idea what's out there... generations of bottles that have been trapped with no way to see the light of day because there was no way for people to sell them. Now they can sell them legally and locally."
Laws vary from state to state and some larger markets allow people to sell their so-called "dusties" to retailers, Gregory explained. "You go to these places in New York and D.C. and they are meccas for whiskey lovers around the world."
"With the success of these incredible whiskey bars around the country, we said 'Why can't we do that here?'" Gregory told NBC News. "We are the birthplace of bourbon. We believe the world's largest bourbon library should be here in the commonwealth."
Lawmakers agreed. In a state divided on many topics, "bourbon brings people together," explained Gregory.
A Rare Win for the Consumer
"A lot of bars and restaurant owners are really excited about the opportunity," he said, but "this is about the consumer."
Bourbon expert and author Fred Minnick agrees. Spirits laws are "usually about restricting or empowering distilleries. Very rarely is there a legislation that you can pinpoint directly to benefiting consumers," he told NBC News. "While wine drinkers have long been able to access rare wines, in American whiskey we've never had that."
"The [bourbon] connoisseur group is growing at a rapid rate and that group can get bored real quickly if there's not something there to retain them," Minnick went on. "And now we have something that will retain them... they can get vintage whiskey here in Kentucky."
Minnick joined bourbon fans on Twitter in toasting the new law.
World just got better. @GovMattBevin signed House Bill 100 into law, allowing us to acquire vintage spirits AND live happily ever after. — FredMinnick (@FredMinnick) March 22, 2017
Others counted it a positive accomplishment for a controversial governor.
Lot of people hate on @MattBevin , but look at all the 'right things' he has done so far. Vintage Spirits, NVFelon RTV, UL board corruption — CandiedPecans (@CandiedPecans) March 22, 2017
A Taste of History
"The bourbon and whiskey world is very interested in tasting history," said Chris Zaborowski, who owns Westport Whiskey & Wine in Louisville, Kentucky. That said, it may not necessarily be what consumers expect. Zaborowski and his family had a tasting of a pre-Prohibition bourbon they found when his mother passed. "It was a surprisingly rough and raw whiskey," he said. "It was an interesting curiosity. By modern standards people would have thought it was too harsh and astringent — but I was glad we had the experience."
Antique bottles of whiskey used to be relegated to museum displays or private collections. Old Forester
"A lot of it is just the experience of getting to taste history," said Larry Rice, an avid collector himself who owns the Silver Dollar whiskey bar in Louisville. "But there are differences [in modern and vintage whiskeys]. The main thing is chill filtration. I jokingly say it's like cooking bacon and taking the fat out — bacon is better with fat. There are a lot of richer notes lost in the process [which is standard among many distilleries now] and that didn't start happening until the '90s."
Related: The Bourbon So Exclusive That Even Billionaires Can't Buy It
During tastings with friends from his personal collection of more than a thousand bottles, Rice also likes to compare brands through the decades as they've moved from house to house or changed mash bills (the grain recipe), proof, or water source.
When Rice launches his bar's vintage offering after the new law takes effect in January 2018, this sort of insider knowledge will be offered as part of the experience, providing historical context along with tasting notes and theories on what makes these whiskeys different. "You need more service in a purchase like that than just pouring a shot," he said.
So What's the Price Tag on Vintage Bourbon?
Depending on how rare the bourbon is, it could cost up to $400 an ounce, said Rice.
Does this mean people who unearth dusty old bottles in the attic have won the lottery? Don't get too excited, warned Zaborowski. Old doesn't necessarily translate to valuable. "The expectation is they're going to have a cash cow. But the reality is they're not going to find a lot of bars and retails shops that are going to give them cash cow prices."
Still, there's fun to be had wondering what will surface. "Word will get around," said Rice, "and people will realize, 'I should look at those old bottles of booze in the back of grandma's cabinet.' Then they can just walk into a whiskey bar in town and ask the guy behind the bar if he's interested."
CANTON, Miss. (AP) — Nissan Motor Co. says it will increase van production at its Mississippi plant, adding a second shift in April.
The company made the announcement Monday as it marked the 4 millionth vehicle produced at the plant since it opened in 2003.
Spokeswoman Lloryn Love-Carter says about 250 workers will be redeployed from other areas to staff the second shift assembling NV vans. The Canton plant is the only plant worldwide that makes the large vans for Nissan. The Japanese automaker sold about 18,000 NV vans in the United States last year, according to company figures.
About 6,400 Nissan employees and contractors work at the Canton complex.
The plant is donating a NV van to a Canton soup kitchen, Our Daily Bread Ministries, to mark its 4 millionth vehicle.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Relatives of people killed in a 2016 California warehouse fire say others besides the two men who agreed to plea deals are responsible for their losses.
They are suing the city of Oakland, the building's owner and Pacific Gas & Electric Co., alleging issues related to inspections and maintenance.
Derick Almena and Max Harris each pleaded no contest Tuesday to 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter in connection with the December 2016 fire at the illegally converted Oakland warehouse dubbed the Ghost Ship.
Prosecutors say Almena rented the warehouse and illegally converted it into a residence and entertainment venue. Almena hired Harris to help collect rent and schedule concerts.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearm investigators said they were unable to determine a cause of the blaze.
In court Tuesday, the judge read the name of each victim aloud at an emotional hearing, bringing tears from loved ones in the Oakland courtroom.
Prosecutors say the two defendants turned the warehouse into a "death trap" by cluttering it with highly flammable knick knacks and blocking the few exits in the poorly lit building.
Under terms of a plea agreement, Almena could be sentenced to nine years in prison and Harris could face a six-year term when a judge sentences them next month.
The men could have faced life in prison if convicted at a trial. Now, with good behavior, they are only expected to serve half their sentences after spending a year in jail.
David Gregory, whose 20-year-old daughter, Michela Gregory, was among the victims, said hearing the defendants say no contest was "some small sense of justice" but he was dissatisfied with the outcome.
"That's 36 lives, you know," he said outside court. "We wanted fair justice, and we didn't get it."
Parents and lawyers allege in the lawsuits that the Oakland Fire Department failed to inspect the warehouse annually as required. The lawsuit says inspectors would have discovered the illegal conversions.
Alex Katz, a spokesman for the Oakland city attorney, declined to comment, citing ongoing litigation.
Warehouse owner Chor Ng, who has never been charged, did not return a phone message Tuesday.
The lawsuits claim PG&E failed to properly monitor, inspect and repair electrical equipment that provided power to the warehouse.
PG&E said in a statement that it cooperated with the investigation and that a review of its record found no electrical problems at the warehouse in the 10 years before the fire.
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
SPARTANBURG, S.C. — Fletcher Magee scored 22 points and grabbed four rebounds and Wofford beat Johnson & Wales (NC) of the USCAA 104-45 on Saturday night.
Magee was 8 of 10 from the field including 4 of 5 from 3-point range for the Terriers (6-4). Donovan Theme-Love added 15 points and three assists, Nathan Hoover had 13 points and Tray Hallowell chipped in 10.
The team averaged 63 per cent shooting from the field compared to 33 per cent for Johnson & Wales and had a 39-22 rebounding edge. The Terriers were 20 of 34 (59 per cent) from beyond the arc.
Magee and Trevor Stumpe traded 3-pointers to open the Wofford scoring and Theme-Love's 3 capped the 21-6 start and the Terriers built it into a 50-10 advantage at intermission. They dropped 13 3-pointers in the second half as they cruised to the win.
Majerle Poole scored 21 points to lead the Wildcats.
Former President George H.W. Bush's hospitalization a day after wife Barbara's funeral has raised questions about whether stress or a broken heart played a role.
Doctors said Tuesday that medical problems in a surviving spouse may not be due to stress, but it's a good time to give extra support and care.
The 93-year-old former president has an infection that spread to his bloodstream, and he is being treated at a Houston hospital.
Stress can weaken the immune system, making it harder to fight off infections. Sudden shock also can trigger a heart attack or a similar condition called broken heart syndrome.
Barbara Bush died last week at age 92.
IHEARTRADIO JINGLE BALL 2017 – Thursday, December 14, 2017 at 8pm on CW50 – CELEBRATE THE SEASON – This 90-minute holiday music event celebrates the season with performances by the year's biggest recording artists. The star-studded concert event will feature performances from Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran, The Chainsmokers, Fifth Harmony, Liam Payne, Camila Cabello and Niall Horan, among others. Original airdate 12/14/2017.
If you were to see the words ‘Tattoo Fixers' and ‘Noel Edmonds' in the same sentence, you'd think it was because someone was getting an unfortunate inking covered up.
But incredibly, a Noel superfan actually dropped in to have a portrait of the Deal or No Deal presenter tattooed on her thigh.
“I'm here to get a tattoo dedicated to the love of my life…and it's not my husband,” said 47-year-old Angie, who got tattooist Jay Hutton to do the portrait of “best era” Noel, circa “late 80s, early 90s”.
Angie, who didn't wash her face for “weeks” after she met Noel and he gave her a kiss, then went on to describe Noel Edmonds as if he was George Clooney.
“He's got gorgeous Hollywood looks,” she said. “The best personality ever. I love his tight trousers and he's got wonderful bright blue eyes. They're like pools of water that I'd love to dive into.
“When I met my husband I told him that there'd be three in this relationship. There'd be me, him and Noel Edmonds.”
Angie had plenty of memor-Noel-belia, including t-shirts, mugs, a jigsaw and even a pillowcase that her husband wouldn't let her have on the bed.
Most disturbingly she explained how she was given a blow-up doll with the mask of Noel stuck on it that she took “everywhere” with her until…
“I think I sat on it a bit too much and I popped it.”
Best not to give that too much thought. Anyway, this was the finished result:
When she saw the tat, Angie burst into tears of joy as Jay asked what her husband would think when he saw it.
“I don't care,” she said. “I really don't care”.
We bet he cared when she got home and saw this staring back at him.
12 Confirmed Dead in London Apartment Tower Blaze
The number of fatalities is likely to rise, said Stuart Cundy of the Metropolitan Police. 78 people are being treated in hospitals.
In a letter sent to Health Secretary Tom Price, 12 U.S. senators on the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions stated they are "deeply troubled" by the appointment of Roger Severino as the Director of the Office of Civil Rights (OCR) at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
The letter describes Severino's "long history of making bigoted statements" about the LGBTQ community and states that his hire raises "deep concerns" about the Trump administration's hiring practices. The two-page letter was obtained by the Washington Blade, and the office of Senator Patty Murray, the ranking member of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, confirmed its existence to NBC Out.
Roger Severino, Director of the Office for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services David Hills / Heritage Foundation
Dated April 10 and signed only by Democrats, the letter comes on the heels of statements from LGBTQ advocates and the House LGBT Caucus, which also expressed alarm over Severino's appointment.
Severino and Tennessee State Senator Mark Green, the nominee for Army Secretary, are just the latest of Trump's picks to garner criticism for their track records on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights. LGBTQ advocates have previously voiced concerns regarding high-profile appointments such as Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
"That's where we are with the Trump administration," said Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality (NCTE), who was "extremely glad" the 12 senators had voiced their concerns over Severino. "He is appointing extremist after extremist. The bright side, I guess, is that there is no pretense that President Trump doesn't want to be the most anti-LGBT president we have ever had," Keisling added.
According to the senators' letter, "Mr. Severino's past statements, writings, and affiliations make him unqualified to lead an office whose purpose is to ensure that 'people have equal access and opportunities to participate in certain health care and human services programs without unlawful discrimination.'"
Severino's past writings include a 2016 report he co-authored in his capacity as director of the DeVos Center for Religion and Civil Society at the Heritage Foundation, a position he occupied just prior to his appointment at the OCR. Severino called for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as "Obamacare," and opposed the interpretation of Section 1557 of the ACA to include gender identity. Section 1557 prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age or disability in any program that receives funding from the HHS.
In the report, Severino claimed the OCR's interpretation of Section 1557 to include gender stereotyping and gender identity confers "special privileges" and violates the "religious liberty and freedom of conscience" of health care providers.
As director of the OCR, Severino would oversee enforcement of the non-discrimination protections under Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act.
"There is nothing in Mr. Severino's past… that would make us feel like he is committed to enforcing federal laws against discrimination," Keisling said. "President Trump has handed over domestic polity to Heritage Foundation."
For their part, the Heritage Foundation defended Mr. Severino's record in a statement sent to NBC Out: "Roger Severino has a distinguished record of fighting for the civil rights and freedoms of all Americans. We have no doubt that Roger, in his new role at HHS, will protect the civil rights of all Americans."
NCTE, along with several other civil society organizations, met with Severino on Wednesday after receiving a request from his office — a move Keisling cautiously characterized as a "good sign."
"We wanted him to understand this is about enforcing federal civil rights laws, and also it's about people who need the federal government's help and have the legal right to expect the federal government to provide those protections," Keisling said.
The OCR did not respond to NBC Out for requests for comment.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester's Wild Goose restaurant is flying high again after being taken over by new owners.
The stylish lakeside bar and restaurant, near Dodleston , only launched in March last year.
So customers were disappointed when it looked like the venue would not be re-opening in its present guise after the scheduled winter closure went on longer than expected.
But now new owner Thanasis Spinoulas, who previously ran Convivio in Chester city centre , has committed to the acclaimed restaurant in a change of direction for him personally.
Wild Goose is based at Chester Lakes in 100 acres of Cheshire countryside with amenities including fishing, camping, caravan pitches and waterside ‘barbecue pods' that can seat 10 and sleep up to four.
Thanasis expects customers will be drawn from within and outside the site.
And he feels the future of the restaurant business lies in the rural environment rather than the crowded urban scene.
“I believe people are more in favour of driving out to places, breathing fresh air and the car parking is free!” said the restaurateur, who has been around the hospitality trade since he was a young boy growing up in Greece.
“I am confident it will do well,” added Thanasis, who believes quality food, reasonable prices, good service and the beautiful setting will prove a winning combination.
He continued: “If you have a chef that has passion, like my chef, then it will work because people will travel to have quality and if they know you put effort into your food and passion then people like that and I think that is what will make this place, together with the setting.”
The 54-cover restaurant is open Tuesday to Saturday from 10am until 11pm and 12pm until 8pm on Sundays.
On the menu are starters, nibbles and sharing dishes to begin, with a selection of lights meals and sandwiches too.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The countdown to the arrival of the new £1 coin has begun, with Chief Secretary David Gauke revealing it will enter circulation on March 28, 2017.
With three months to go, the Government has launched a campaign to raise awareness and encourage the public to return the round £1 coins.
The coins, which were introduced more than 30 years ago, will be replaced by a new 12-sided design.
It has been estimated that about £1.3 billion worth of coins are stored in savings jars across the country, and the current £1 coin accounts for almost a third of these.
Therefore it is important that all round £1 coins are returned before October 15, 2017 when they lose their legal tender status.
The new 12-sided £1 will be the most secure coin in the world. It boasts several new security features, including a hologram, to prevent counterfeits, which cost taxpayers and businesses millions every year.
Chief Secretary to the Treasury David Gauke said: “March 28 should be an important date in everybody's calendar this year as we will have a new quid on the block.
“This is a historic moment as it's the first time we've introduced a new £1 coin since 1983, and this one will be harder to counterfeit than ever before.
“Our message is clear: if you have a round one pound coin sitting at home or in your wallet, you need to spend it or return it to your bank before October 15.”
Join us on Tuesday, April 18 at 6:00 p.m. at the Lubbock Alamo Drafthouse for a special film screening of "A River Between Us", presented by the Center for Water Law & Policy. Tickets are $3.
The Texas Tech School of Law Center for Water Law & Policy will host their annual film screening and panel, featuring "A River Between Us". This
documents the largest river restoration project in American history, examining the complicated conflict and how anger, fear, and distrust have impacted the communities along the Klamath River. For more information, contact Erica Lux, Director for Calendar & Events at erica.lux@ttu.edu.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer has ordered a review of all the public art in the city to identify pieces that could be perceived as promoting bigotry, racism or slavery.
The announcement came a day after violent and deadly clashes at a white Nationalist protest in Virginia. It was also made hours after vandals splattered paint on the statue of John Breckinridge Castleman in the Cherokee Triangle neighborhood.
Fischer said the review is a necessary move toward a future that embraces diversity as a strength.
RELATED STORIES:
+ Louisville monument honoring former Confederate officer vandalized
+ Mayor Fischer issues letter to Louisville citizens after Charlottesville riot
+ Local, state leaders issue statements on VA racially-charged rally
"I recognize that some people say all these monuments should be left alone because they are part of our history," Fischer said in a news release. "But we need to discuss and interpret our history from multiple perspectives and from different viewpoints. That's why a community conversation is crucial."
Castleman has been long credited for the development of Louisville's beloved parks designed by Frederick Law Olmsted in 1891. Prior to serving as President on the city's Board of Park Commissioners, Castleman was an officer in the Confederate Army. He led violent raids against Union forces before he was captured and sentenced to death for spying. According to his biography in Wikipedia, Castleman's execution was stayed by President Abraham Lincoln. He was later pardoned by President Andrew Johnson.
Louisville's statue of Castleman was erected in 1913. In 2013, thousands of dollars were spent on a restoration project.
"For many, this statue is a beloved neighborhood landmark, but for others, it's a symbol of a painful, tragic and divisive time in our history -- which gets at the complexity of this conversation,” Mayor Fischer said. “I believe this is a community conversation worth having.”
Mayor Greg Fischer tasked the city's Commission on Public Art with reviewing all art on public display and scheduling meetings for citizens to comment. Public Art Commissioner Sarah Lindgren said the city currently has an inventory of 400 pieces of art. Lindgren could not say how many pieces could be deemed as promoting bigotry, racism or slavery.
"We will set a schedule for meetings for the Commission on Public Art and for the public to have a community conversation," Lindgren said. "We'll have a series of meetings and we will review the inventory, create a list based on the feedback."
Reaching a consensus on why a piece of art might be objectionable is expected to be difficult. Because, much like art itself, bigotry and racism can be in the eye of the beholder. Intense emotions in the wake of the violence in Virginia are evident in every stain and splatter of orange paint on the Castleman statue. While experts figure out how to fix it, the future of the John Breckinridge Castleman statue and other works of public art is unclear, with its meaning and value up for debate.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Playing as a ranked team for the first time in seven years, Tennessee reacted as if it's a fixture in the Top 25.
Grant Williams overcame early foul trouble to collect 19 points and eight rebounds as Tennessee beat Lipscomb 81-71 Saturday for its fourth straight win. The Volunteers entered the Top 25 this week, their first appearance in the poll since December 2010.
“It's different because teams are now trying to knock us off because they feel like they can earn something because they beat a ranked team,” said Tennessee guard Chris Darrington, who had 11 points and five assists. “We need to be on edge every single game because every single team's trying to knock us off because they were ranked.”
The Vols (7-1) listened to the advice they received from assistant coach Rob Lanier, who also was part of Tennessee coach Rick Barnes' Texas staff.
“Coach Lanier really made a great point the other day, saying we should take it as it's nothing new and that this is just a testament to our hard work,” said Tennessee guard James Daniel III, who scored 12 points. “He also said it's nothing new to Coach Barnes. If you can really put into numbers how many weeks Coach Barnes has been in the Top 25, (we) should just be accustomed to us being like that, just a top team.”
Tennessee capitalized on its depth to withstand Williams' slow start. Williams, the Vols' leading scorer, played just 10 minutes and had only four points in the first half.
Williams sat out the last 6 1/2 minutes of the first half after picking up two fouls, but Tennessee extended its advantage while he was on the bench and led 40-27 at halftime.
“He's such a good player, and he demands so much of your attention on the defensive end because they do a good job getting the ball to him and he delivers,” Lipscomb coach Casey Alexander said. “For them to extend the lead and play so well without him was probably where the game was won and lost, honestly.”
Garrison Mathews had 19 of his 22 points in the second half for Lipscomb (6-4). Eli Pepper added 10 points and 15 rebounds before fouling out. Kenny Cooper had 11 points and seven assists, and Michael Buckland scored 10.
Mathews' second-half surge helped Lipscomb rally. His three-point play reduced Tennessee's advantage to 50-47 with 11:20 left, but the Vols responded with an 11-3 run.
Tennessee's lead didn't drop below seven the rest of the way.
BIG PICTURE
Lipscomb: Fouls prevented Lipscomb from completing its second-half comeback. Tennessee got in the bonus with 11 minutes left and went 20 of 24 from the foul line in the second half, while Lipscomb was 7 of 8. For the game, Tennessee was 24 of 30 on free throws and Lipscomb was 14 of 17.
Tennessee: The Vols cooled off from 3-point range Saturday but showed they could win even when they aren't hitting from long range. Tennessee went just 7 of 22 on 3-pointers, including 1 of 7 in the second half. Tennessee had entered the day shooting 42.6 per cent from beyond the arc.
PRUITT'S WELCOME
Two days after getting hired as Tennessee's football coach , Jeremy Pruitt received a standing ovation as he was introduced during a first-half timeout.
“We're going to have one goal — one goal — and that's to win every one of them,” Pruitt said.
KEY STATS
Daniel and Darrington both got their highest point totals since joining Tennessee this season.
Daniel, who led all Division I scorers with 27.1 points per game for Howard in 2015-16, has developed into more of a distributor as a graduate transfer this year. Darrington averaged 20.7 points and was a National Junior College Athletic Association All-America selection last season at Vincennes (Indiana).
UP NEXT
Lipscomb hosts NAIA program Florida College on Thursday.
Tennessee hosts No. 11 North Carolina on Dec. 17.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Steve Megargee at https://twitter.com/stevemegargee
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--California Pizza Kitchen (CPK) invites guests to come along on a culinary adventure from the comfort of their local CPK, with the arrival of its new, globally inspired seasonal menu for spring and summer. Featuring a variety of innovative items bursting with fresh and unique ingredients, CPK's new seasonal menu includes dishes like the Shanghai Power Bowl with black heirloom Forbidden Rice ® * and seared shrimp, the Sonoma Grilled Chicken Flatbread topped with roasted red grapes and double cream Brie, the Caribbean-inspired Tropical Mule with flavors of coconut, ginger and passion fruit, and more. The fan-favorite Strawberry Shortcake also will be returning for a limited time. Today also marks the arrival of CPK's new loyalty rewards program, CPK Rewards ™, offering guests delicious perks for dining creatively.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005352/en/
The Shanghai Power Bowl is the newest addition to California Pizza Kitchen's popular Power Bowl line up. (Photo: Business Wire)
“At CPK, we love to take inspiration from different parts of the world and create dishes that take our guests on a culinary adventure, with a CPK twist of course,” said Brian Sullivan, SVP of Culinary Innovation at CPK. “Our newest menu innovations feature exciting ingredients like antioxidant-rich heirloom black rice and a spiced coconut lime sauce with fresh veggies and shrimp in our Shanghai Power Bowl, oven roasted red grapes, grilled chicken and Brie on our Sonoma-style flatbread inspired by our California roots, and refreshing summer flavors of watermelon, passion fruit, and white peach in our seasonal lineup of hand-crafted beverages. These new menu items are as fresh and colorful as they are creative, and we look forward to guiding guests on this flavorful journey.”
Available at CPK restaurants nationwide for a limited time, the new spring and summer seasonal menu features the following items, made fresh to order:
Shanghai Power Bowl: CPK's newest addition to its popular Power Bowl line up, featuring seared shrimp with black heirloom Forbidden Rice ® *, baby broccoli, cauliflower, zucchini, carrots, and watermelon radish, served warm in a housemade Shanghai sauce featuring coconut milk, ginger, lime, and spices Sonoma Grilled Chicken Flatbread: Marinated red grapes roasted in the hearth oven with grilled chicken, double cream Brie and Parmesan cheeses, caramelized onions, and fresh arugula Strawberry Shortcake: A fresh shortcake biscuit piled high with seasonal strawberries, whipped cream, and housemade candied lemon zest Sparkling Watermelon-Lime: A non-alcoholic blend of refreshing Perrier® Lemon Sparkling Water with a light watermelon flavor, fresh mint and lime (non-refillable) Tropical Mule: Grey Goose® vodka, RumHaven® coconut rum, ginger beer, Monin® passion fruit, and fresh agave served in a classic copper mug White Peach Sangria: A sweet blend of rosé wine, St. Germain® Elderflower Liqueur, Perfect Purée of Napa Valley® in white peach, and fresh agave sour
Fan-Favorites Join Permanent Menu
In addition to these new seasonal offerings, CPK is also expanding its permanent menu with two fan-favorite cocktails as well as their own take on Mexican Street Corn – all previously offered for a limited-time only.
CPK's new permanent menu items include:
Mexican Street Corn – Creamy sweet corn removed from the cob and roasted with smoked paprika, Feta and Parmesan cheeses, served with fresh cilantro, lime and housemade ranchito sauce Spiked Cucumber – Hendrick's Gin hand-shaken with freshly puréed pineapple and cucumber, Monin® Cucumber, torn mint, and agave sour topped with sparkling water Sparkling Berry-Lemon – A refreshing, non-alcoholic blend of Perrier® Lemon Sparkling Water with a light berry flavor, fresh lemon, blueberries and thyme
New Loyalty Program: CPK Rewards
Also launching today, CPK introduces its new loyalty rewards program, CPK Rewards™, making it easier than ever to earn special rewards for dining creatively. Perks include:
After completing registration, new members will receive a free small plate menu item reward, added to their account the next day Note: current Pizza Dough ® Rewards members are automatically enrolled in the new program For every $1 spent, members will receive 1 point (excluding tax, gratuity, gift card, alcohol, and retail purchases) 75 points earns a $5 reward Free birthday dessert Special offers throughout the year
To celebrate the launch of the new program, members will receive double the reward points from April 24 through May 31, 2018. To join, guests may register with their server, visit cpk.com/cpkrewards or download the new CPK Rewards ™ app for iOS and Android, which also allows users to track rewards, pay by mobile, order online and more.
To learn more about CPK's spring/summer menu and check the availability of items in your area, please visit www.cpk.com/menu/.
*Forbidden Rice is a registered trademark of Lotus Foods, all rights reserved.
About California Pizza Kitchen
In 1985, California Pizza Kitchen (CPK) opened its first restaurant in Beverly Hills and introduced diners to innovative California-style pizza. With a passion for combining fresh, seasonal ingredients with flavor inspirations from around the world, today CPK is a global brand serving creative California cuisine in more than 250 restaurants in 13 countries and U.S. territories. From signature, hand-tossed pizzas and high-quality main plates to inventive better-for-you options, Lunch Duos, premium wines and hand-crafted beverages, CPK adds its imaginative twist to create a memorable casual dining experience. For more information, visit cpk.com. Connect with CPK on Twitter at @calpizzakitchen (#NEWCPK), Instagram at @californiapizzakitchen, and Facebook at facebook.com/californiapizzakitchen. Download the new CPK Rewards ™ app for iOS and Android to earn rewards for dining creatively, pay by mobile, order online and more.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005352/en/
CONTACT: California Pizza Kitchen
Toni Hyman, 310-342-4715
cpkmedia@cpk.com
or
Coast Public Relations for CPK
Kate Franklin, 818-606-9784
kate@coastprgroup.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER CONSUMER RESTAURANT/BAR RETAIL COMMUNICATIONS MARKETING FOOD/BEVERAGE WINE & SPIRITS CONSUMER
SOURCE: California Pizza Kitchen
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005352/en
LEWISTON, Maine — U.S. family-owned promotional products company Geiger is buying the largest family-owned promotional products distributor in the United Kingdom.
CEO Gene Geiger said Monday the merger with BTC Group expands the company's footprint in Europe. The new company, Geiger BTC Group, will have nearly 400 employees.
Financial terms weren't disclosed.
Geiger told the Sun Journal newspaper that the two companies have collaborated in the past, and that BTC's owners let it be known that they were ready to sell.
Both management teams are staying in place.
Geiger will be CEO of the parent company and Frank Murphy, BTC Group's managing director, will run the U.K. subsidiary when the deal closes next month.
Luke Heimlich goes undrafted after sex offender news
Luke Heimlich's baseball career took a rapid change in a matter of a week.
The Oregon St. ace went undrafted in this week's MLB draft despite being projected as a likely top-50 pick only a week ago. What changed is that The Oregonian reported last week about Heimlich's past as a sex offender.
The Oregonian dropped a bombshell last week by reporting that when he was 15, Heimlich pleaded guilty to sexually molesting a female family member. The incidents occurred on two occasions, when the girl was four and six years old.
Heimlich completed treatment and probation following his guilty plea and registered as a sex offender in Oregon when he moved to the state from Washington to begin college in Corvallis. However, he was picked up by a police sweep for failing to register, leading The Oregonian to expose the story.
Heimlich has not pitched for Oregon State since the story became public. The pitcher leads the NCAA with a 0.76 ERA, but he did not compete in the Super Regionals, and he will not pitch for Oregon State in the College World Series this week. He also was not drafted.
Though athletes with questionable pasts often get drafted in some sports, it's clear MLB teams thought Heimlich's offenses were so heinous that they could not justify drafting him.
Heimlich was in his junior season but has another year of college eligibility. His baseball future is very much in doubt at this time. Beavers coach Pat Casey has defended Heimlich's character despite the revelation.
First evidence of otters breeding in Peak District found by scientists
University of Sheffield study captures first evidence of wild otters breeding in the Peak District
Video shows an otter cub and its mother sniffing for scent left by other otters
Evidence is part of study which is using spraint DNA to increase our understanding of otter populations in the Peak District
Findings could be used to help the UK's recovering otter population
The first evidence of otters breeding in the Peak District has been found as part of a project led by scientists at the University of Sheffield.
The study, led by Dr Deborah Dawson from the University of Sheffield's Department of Animal and Plant Sciences, has captured the first ever video footage of an otter and its cub on the banks of a river in the region.
Footage from the video shows the mum checking for signs of whether other otters have passed through the area. She is sniffing to search for spraints (droppings) left by other otters which would indicate their presence at that site. Her young cub can be seen copying her behaviour by sniffing the area too, before they slide back into the riverside by side.
The video was captured by Dr Douglas Ross, a volunteer working with Dr Dawson and her team at the University of Sheffield, who are studying the otter population in the Peak District and South Yorkshire.
Last year Dr Ross captured the first ever video footage of wild otters in the Peak District. Prior to this, in a project in collaboration with the Sheffield and Rotherham Wildlife Trust, Dr Dawson's team has also used DNA analysis to reveal the number and sexes of otter individuals on the River Don surrounding Sheffield.
Dr Dawson said: “We are absolutely delighted to have captured the first evidence of wild otters breeding in the Peak District. Otter numbers crashed in the UK becoming locally extinct in much of England by the 1970s. Bans on pesticides, legal protection, improvements in water quality and targeted conservation efforts have led to the return of the otter to many counties. However, recovery has been slow, particularly in the North of England.
“This new footage shows that efforts to improve rivers, river bank habitats and repair connectivity along river systems are starting to work, however much more needs to be done. There are still lots of gaps in our knowledge of otters, and further research is required to understand the UK's wild otter population.”
The University of Sheffield research team is using DNA extracted from otter spraints to study the connectivity and seasonality of otter movements and their diets in the region.
Findings from the study could help to make recommendations to improve habitat for otters and their prey and identify ways to improve connectivity, which could help the recovering otter population.
Sheffield-led scientists conducted the first ever DNA-based survey of otter numbers in the north of England to detect seven otters on the River Don last year, including at least two males.
Otters were detected in urban, suburban and rural locations across the South Yorkshire region, with a female being detected in a rural area north of Sheffield.
DNA analysis can reveal new insights into otter numbers, sexes and distribution along a river.
On #WorldOtterDay why not find out more about our @SheffieldAPS @sheffielduni research conducted in collaboration with @WildSheffield which could help to recover otter populations in the Peak District. pic.twitter.com/q9TSQIuTAT — Sheffield Uni News (@ShefUniNews) May 30, 2018
Additional information The University of Sheffield With almost 29,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities. A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in. Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2018 and for the last eight years has been ranked in the top five UK universities for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education. Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields. Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations.
MONTREAL — A four-year tentative agreement has been reached between Canadian Pacific Railway and the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference to end a strike hours after it began.
The parties also reached a five-year deal for the Kootenay Valley Railway.
Full operations at both railways will resume Thursday morning across Canada, the union said in a news release.
“We believe this is a fair contract that our members can feel good about ratifying,” stated union president Doug Finnson.
“I am personally very satisfied with what we have negotiated.”
The agreement is positive for 12,000 CP Rail employees, customers and the entire Canadian economy, railway CEO Keith Creel added in a separate news release.
“It is especially meaningful to achieve a four-year tentative agreement with our valued locomotive engineers and conductors, providing long-term stability for all parties involved,” he said in a statement.
“This is a significant step toward a renewed positive relationship growing forward together serving our customers and the Canadian economy.”
The tentative agreements must be ratified by Teamsters members over the coming months.
Details of the agreement are being withheld pending ratification.
There is no dispute that in February 2016, David Laxton, then an MLA and speaker of the Yukon legislature, twice hugged and kissed a female acquaintance on the lips — without her consent.
The woman later complained to authorities and Laxton was charged with sexual assault.
The outcome, however, was far from cut and dried.
In finding Laxton, 61, not guilty this week, Territorial Court of Yukon Judge John Faulkner wrote in his decision that unlike unwanted touching of breasts or genitals, hugs and kisses fall into a legal grey area where the context can run from “overtly sexual” to “entirely familial.”
The decision troubles local women's advocates.
“We've seen rape law move from only addressing penetrative actions to include different levels of sexual assault in the Criminal Code, such as unwanted touching of a sexual nature,” said Reem Girgrah, volunteer coordinator with Yukon Court Watch, a program under the Yukon Status of Women Council. “In a case like this, when someone has experienced unwanted touching of a sexual nature, and it's being debated, then there's a concern we're going backwards.”
Girgrah said she would have preferred if the court had refrained from using the term “kiss” to describe what happened between Laxton and his accuser. Laxton “put his mouth on her,” she said.
I didn't go there to be touched, I didn't go there to be kissed
Laxton and the woman, whom the National Post has chosen not to identify, had come to know each other years earlier when she was a server at a downtown Whitehorse restaurant that he frequented.
In February 2016, they bumped into each other at a grocery store, where the woman was working as a cashier.
“I was tickled to see her; it had been a while,” Laxton later testified in court, according to the Whitehorse Daily Star.
When the woman told him she was planning to quit her job, he told her that he might be able to help and that she should call him.
Days later, the woman visited Laxton at his office in the Yukon government administration building. Following a lengthy chat — during which they discussed their families and she shared she had quit drinking and returned to college — Laxton invited an administrative director into the room. That person proceeded to help the woman with her resume and reviewed some potential job openings.
When the meeting ended, Laxton gave the woman a hug and brief kiss on the lips. She was shocked but did not immediately convey her feelings.
“I froze. … I didn't go there to be touched, I didn't go there to be kissed,” she later testified, according to the Yukon News.
As Laxton escorted the woman to the public foyer of the building, he once again hugged and kissed her.
Two months later, the woman phoned the administrative director and complained she had been sexually harassed.
The complaint was forwarded to the premier's office and Laxton subsequently resigned as speaker and left his party caucus to sit as an independent. (He did not seek re-election later in the year.)
In May 2016, the woman complained to the Yukon Human Rights Commission and also gave a statement to the RCMP, which led to the criminal charge.
During a two-day trial in August, several witnesses — including Laxton's common-law wife — testified it was not uncommon for Laxton to be seen hugging and kissing his female friends and that the relationship between Laxton and his accuser during her days as a waitress was flirtatious.
Laxton testified he had previously hugged and kissed the woman on a number of occasions.
Laxton's lawyer, Andre Roothman, homed in on how long it had taken the accuser to report the incident and reportedly quipped there should be a ban on French, Portuguese and Italian immigrants because of their proclivity for kissing.
But Crown prosecutor Amy Porteous reportedly told the court such physical contact had no place in a professional setting and that it was offensive to assume women walk around in a “perpetual state of consent.”
“The legislative assembly is not the set of Mad Men,” she said, referring to the TV drama that often dealt with the theme of workplace harassment.
In his decision, Faulkner noted that while some Canadian judges have deemed unwanted kisses on the lips to be “unambiguously sexual,” the surrounding circumstances need to be taken into account, including the degree of familiarity between the two parties.
Faulkner found that the accuser's assertion there had never been any degree of physical contact with the accused to be “less than entirely credible.”
The judge went on to say that the hugs and kisses were “brief and were not accompanied by any other touching that might more conclusively point to a sexual purpose.”
It could also “reasonably be true” that Laxton was merely showing his support to the accuser for the positive changes she had made in her life when he hugged and kissed her.
The judge did note that the accuser's decision to wait to notify officials was irrelevant, as it has “long been recognized” that victims of sexual assault may be reluctant or fearful about coming forward.
In the end, however, while Laxton's actions may have been “unwise, even foolish … there remains doubt that what (he) did amounted to a sexual assault.”
The judge also found Laxton not guilty of the lesser charge of common assault, saying that Laxton “honestly but mistakenly believed he had consent.”
Asked Friday if Laxton planned to continue his habit of kissing and hugging his female friends, Roothman said he couldn't comment on his client's intentions.
“My advice to any man would be to avoid kissing any women, other than his own mother!” he wrote in an email.
The Crown has not decided if it will appeal, Porteous said.
Laxton's accuser could not be reached for comment. She reportedly walked out of the courtroom as soon as the verdict came down.
• Email: dquan@postmedia.com | Twitter: dougquan
CINCINNATI — Trevon Bluiett got off his 3-pointer and felt the foul. The ball went in, he went down, and No. 6 Xavier had the big play it needed to pull one out.
Bluiett had a season-high 31 points, including a four-point play that tied it late in regulation, and the Musketeers never trailed in overtime while holding on for a 96-91 victory over Georgetown on Saturday.
With Xavier (21-3, 9-2 Big East) trailing by four points, Bluiett made his sixth 3-pointer of the game and was levelled by Jagan Mosely after he released the shot. Bluiett hit the free throw, tying it 86-all with 24.3 seconds left.
“We ran a play that was going to open me up for a 3,” Bluiett said. “I didn't expect him to jump and foul me. I shot it, it felt good, he got off-balance and ran into me. I just know it's a good feeling.”
That was the break Xavier needed to remain unbeaten in 15 home games this season.
“Sometimes you have a little luck,” coach Chris Mack said. “The guy crashing into him — that was very fortunate.”
The Musketeers didn't make a field goal in overtime. They converted all of their 10 free throws, including four by Tyrique Jones, who finished with 15 points. Bluiett's two free throws clinched it with 10 seconds left.
The Hoyas (13-9, 3-8) lamented how they wasted a chance to win it after Bluett's four-point play in regulation. Jahvon Blair passed up an open shot and then forced 3-point try that was well off the mark with 2 seconds left, giving Xavier a chance to finish off a back-and-forth game. There were 20 ties and 21 lead changes, with neither team ahead by more than five points.
“Blair had a shot, but he thought we wanted to hold it,” coach Patrick Ewing said. “Sometimes when you have an open shot, you've got to take it when you have it. But he held it and when he shot, it was a bad shot.”
Xavier has won six in a row, staying right behind No. 1 Villanova for the Big East lead.
Jessie Govan scored 23 points, and Marcus Derrickson had 19 points and 15 rebounds for Georgetown, which has lost five of six. Blair tied his season high with five 3-pointers while scoring 19 points.
BIG PICTURE
Georgetown: Govan had only 12 points and nine rebounds in his last two games combined. The 6-foot-10 centre gave Xavier big problems inside in the first half, when he had 17 points and six rebounds. He fouled out early in overtime.
Xavier: With No. 4 Duke's 81-77 loss to St. John's on Saturday, the Musketeers could move up in the next AP poll Monday. They've been as high as No. 5 this season, matching their best ranking in school history.
LOPSIDED SERIES
Xavier has won four straight and seven of eight against the Hoyas. Bluiett had 24 points in the Musketeers' 86-75 win at the Cintas Center last season. His 31 points on Saturday were the second-highest of his career.
ON THE BOARDS
The game matched the league's top two rebounding teams. The Hoyas finished with a 43-39 edge in rebounds.
Q FOR 3
Xavier point guard Quentin Goodin went 2 for 3 from beyond the arc, continuing his long-range resurgence. He was 3-for-26 in the first 21 games and has gone 7 for 9 in the last three.
BACK IN THE LINEUP
Forward Kaiser Gates started for Xavier after coming off the bench in the last five games. Gates was dropped from the starting lineup after scoring a total of three points in back-to-back games and embraced his role off the bench, scoring in double figures three times. He had four points, four assists and a team-high 10 rebounds against the Hoyas.
UP NEXT
Georgetown: The Hoyas complete a three-game road swing at Providence on Tuesday. They host Providence on Feb. 24.
Xavier: The Musketeers play at Butler on Tuesday, the first of two road games next week. They beat Butler 86-79 at the Cintas Center on Jan. 2.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
ANCHORAGE, Alaska — The Latest on lawsuit's challenging the legality of a December petroleum lease sale in the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska (all times local):
1 p.m.
Four more environmental groups are challenging the legality of petroleum lease sales conducted in northern Alaska by the federal government.
The latest lawsuit filed Friday says 2016 and 2017 lease sales in the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska were illegal because the Interior Department failed to take a hard look at the effects of lease sales on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change.
The lawsuit says far-reaching climate impacts within the reserve could be triggered when fossil fuels from the reserve are extracted and burned.
The lawsuit by environmental law firm Earthjustice was the second filed Friday.
The first claims the 2017 lease sale was illegal because the Bureau of Land Management failed to follow federal environmental law in assessing lease sale effects on wildlife, habitat and fish.
——
9:15 a.m.
Five environmental groups are suing to overturn a federal petroleum lease sale in northern Alaska.
The groups say the Interior Department in December conducted the largest-ever lease offering within the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska without a proper environmental review.
The lawsuit says the Bureau of Land Management did not retain authority to prohibit future activities on the leases sold and failed to thoroughly analyze effects of oil and gas development.
The environmental groups say the lease areas include one of the largest and most significant wetland areas in the world.
The Interior Department offered 900 tracts covering 16,100 square miles (41,700 sq. kilometres), roughly the size of New Hampshire and Massachusetts combined, in the lease sale.
Oil companies submitted bids on just seven tracts covering 125 square miles (324 sq. kilometres).
——
This story corrects the number of environmental groups bringing the lawsuit.
William Edward Albert received his Eagle Scout Award on Sept. 30 with Troop 6171 Simon Kenton Council, Chief Logan district, chartered by the Hillsboro Lions Club. The event was held at the Highland House Museum where he completed his project. William is the son of Daniel G. Albert and the late Elly K. Albert. His stepmother is Sarah Albert. William is a senior at Hillsboro High School, is enrolled at Laurel Oaks in the dental hygienist program, and is employed at Kroger in Hillsboro.
William Edward Albert received his Eagle Scout Award on Sept. 30 with Troop 6171 Simon Kenton Council, Chief Logan district, chartered by the Hillsboro Lions Club. The event was held at the Highland House Museum where he completed his project. William is the son of Daniel G. Albert and the late Elly K. Albert. His stepmother is Sarah Albert. William is a senior at Hillsboro High School, is enrolled at Laurel Oaks in the dental hygienist program, and is employed at Kroger in Hillsboro. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_Eagle-Scout-pic.jpg William Edward Albert received his Eagle Scout Award on Sept. 30 with Troop 6171 Simon Kenton Council, Chief Logan district, chartered by the Hillsboro Lions Club. The event was held at the Highland House Museum where he completed his project. William is the son of Daniel G. Albert and the late Elly K. Albert. His stepmother is Sarah Albert. William is a senior at Hillsboro High School, is enrolled at Laurel Oaks in the dental hygienist program, and is employed at Kroger in Hillsboro.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
The sister of Tara Palmer-Tomkinson has said the TV personality and socialite died of natural causes and "did not have a brain tumour".
Palmer-Tomkinson was found dead at her London home last Wednesday at the age of 45. In an interview given to British newspaper the Daily Mail last November, the former 'IT' girl said she had been battling a brain tumour for a year.
But author Santa Montefiore, referencing a coroner's report into her sister's death, sent a series of tweets on Wednesday, in which she said she wanted "to clarify a couple of points".
1/5 I've been so touched by the warm response to Tara's death.Thank you from the whole family. But I'd like to clarify a couple of points. pic.twitter.com/4kYUyA55JL — Santa Montefiore (@SantaMontefiore) February 15, 2017
She went on to say that the coroner's report confirmed that Tara died as a result of a perforated ulcer and not a brain tumour.
2/5 Today the Coroner's report states that Tara died of natural
causes – a perforated ulcer. She did not have a brain tumour. pic.twitter.com/ccU3Ua4SPY — Santa Montefiore (@SantaMontefiore) February 15, 2017
Despite the family's well documented blue-blood connections, including a close friendship with members of the British Royal family, Montefiore added that "contrary to some reports, Tara was not the goddaughter" of the Prince of Wales.
3/5 Contrary to some reports, Tara was not the goddaughter of HRH the Prince of Wales. — Santa Montefiore (@SantaMontefiore) February 15, 2017
Thanking people for their "warm response" to her family's loss, Montefiore said a "fuller statement" would be issued later on Wednesday.
"Tara's good friends & family know that she was in high spirits in her last days," she wrote. "She had plans, trips & had written a moving new song."
Back in 2014, 67-Year-old Maria Ledesma and her daughter, 29-year-old Christina Ledesma, were killed in an accident and a cross stood in their memory, but a thief stole it a few days ago.
Cambridge Analytica, a company that profiled voters for Donald Trump's campaign, allegedly harvested private information from more than 50 million Facebook profiles, which they used to influence and wage a "culture war" during the 2016 election.
Whistleblower Christopher Wylie, who helped found Cambridge Analytica and served as their director of research until 2014, told NBC News' U.K. partner ITN Channel 4 News that the company helped develop an application on Facebook that paid individuals to take a survey. If users had not adjusted their privacy settings on the social media outlet, however, the app didn't just capture the survey responses — it also gathered as much data from each account as possible.
That data included information from Facebook users' friends and contacts, as well.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cambridge Analytica harvested millions of Facebook users' data during presidential election 2:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"So by you filling out my survey I capture 300 records on average right," Wylie told ITN Channel 4 News. "And so that means that, all of a sudden, I only need to engage 50,000, 70,000, 100,000 people to get a really big data set really quickly, and it's scaled really quickly. We were able to get upwards of 50 million plus Facebook records in the span of a couple of months."
Similar stories based on the same reporting also appeared in the New York Times and the Observer of London.
According to Wylie, the project was of particular importance to Steve Bannon, who later served as the chief executive of Trump's campaign. He added that the former head of the right-wing media organization Breitbart wanted to use the data netted by Cambridge Analytica to influence and galvanize the views of the American public.
"Steve wanted weapons for his culture war, that's what he wanted," Wylie said.
"We offered him a way to accomplish what he wanted to do, which was change the culture of America," Wylie added.
A Cambridge Analytica spokesman refuted all of Wylie's claims, calling his decision to speak to the media "a malicious attempt to hurt the company."
"We were forced to take action against Mr. Christopher Wylie to prevent his misuse of the company's intellectual property and he is the subject of restraining undertakings in this regard," the spokesman said. "It is clear that he has a grudge to bear and appears set on trying to damage the company."
But Wylie said in the initial interview that this wasn't about getting back at Cambridge Analytica, noting that "if it was about revenge I could have done this years ago."
Instead, Cambridge Analytica's former director of research calls his whistleblowing a crisis of conscience.
"It weighs on me that I played a pivotal role in setting up a company that I think has done a lot of harm to the democratic process in a lot of countries," Wylie said.
The idea behind the project was that political preferences can be predicted by personal details people voluntarily provide on their social media accounts. By analyzing the details that users share online, Cambridge Analytica could predict individual behavior, which included voter preferences and how to influence that preference.
CEO of Cambridge Analytica Alexander Nix speaks at the 2016 Concordia Summit - Day 1 at the Grand Hyatt New York on Sep. 19, 2016 in New York City. Bryan Bedder / Getty Images for Concordia Summit
"Whenever you go and you like something you are giving me a clue as to who you are as a person," Wylie said. "And so all of this can be captured very easily and run through an algorithm that learns who you are."
Wylie said that "almost none" of the people whose profiles were tapped were aware that Cambridge Analytica had harvested their data.
The research all began in 2013 at Cambridge University, according to ITN Channel 4 News, where the university's psychometrics center began to examine the psychology behind Facebook and what information could be gleaned by pulling the data from user profiles.
According to Wylie, Bannon hoped to use that research and replicate it on a massive scale across the American electorate to buoy his influence campaign in 2014 and again in the 2016 presidential campaign. Billionaire Republican donors Robert Mercer and his daughter Rebecca — who own a portion of Cambridge Analytica — put Bannon in contact with the founder of the method, Cambridge University academic Aleksandr Kogan, ITN Channel 4 News.
"Kogan didn't make any money off of it, he didn't," Wylie said. "He did it for free, and what he got out of it was the giant data set and what [Cambridge Analytica] got out of it was also data, everyone got data. But Cambridge Analytica paid for it directly."
Cambridge Analytica appeared to lay the blame on Kogan and his company Global Science Research (GSR), which is not associated with Cambridge University.
"This company, Global Science Research (GSR), was contractually committed by us to only obtain data in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act and to seek the informed consent of each respondent," Cambridge Analytica said in a statement issued Saturday.
"When it subsequently became clear that the data had not been obtained by GSR in line with Facebook's terms of service, Cambridge Analytica deleted all data received from GSR," the statement added.
According to ITN Channel 4 News, Kogan said he held the right to use the data for commercial purposes and did nothing wrong.
Meanwhile, the Trump campaign paid Cambridge Analytica $5 million to help target voters. The company told NBC News mere days before the 2016 election that it held data on 230 million American adults with approximately 4,000 “data points” on each of them.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM NOV. 2016: Cambridge Analytica Explain the Value of Big Data 1:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The company denied, however, using any data that was harvested from Facebook via Kogan's methods to help the Trump campaign.
"No data from GSR was used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign," the company added in Saturday's statement.
Facebook said in a statement that "Protecting people's information is at the heart of everything we do, and we require the same from people who operate apps on Facebook." The social media provider added that Cambridge Analytica, Wylie and Kogan had told the company that all the data initially obtained by the app had been destroyed.
"In light of new reports that the data was not destroyed, we are suspending these three parties from Facebook, pending further information," Facebook said. "We will take whatever steps are required to see that the data in question is deleted once and for all — and take action against all offending parties."
The social media company also insists that this did not constitute a data breach, as users technically consented — via their privacy settings — to allow Cambridge Analytica to harvest their data.
Related: Facebook suspends Cambridge Analytica, which worked for Trump campaign
But Wylie does not think Facebook is completely innocent, as the social media giant first knew of the data gathering in 2015.
"Why Facebook didn't, you know, make more enquiries when they started seeing that, you know, tens of millions of records were being pulled this way? I don't know you'd have to ask Facebook that," Wylie said. "But Facebook at least in a technical sense facilitated the project because they had applications that had these permissions in the first place."
According to Wylie, Facebook never checked that they had deleted the data, only requiring that Cambridge Analytica fill out a form.
And thanks to the lack of oversight, this influence-peddling company was able to "move into the hearts and minds of American voters in a way that had never been done before."
And they did it in a way that entered a more than ethical grey area, according to Wylie, who claims they attempted to manipulate voters by latching onto their vulnerabilities.
"This gets at the heart of, you know, why is it that you're taking this psychological approach?" he said. "Why is it that you need to study things like shame proneness in people? Why do you need to, you know, study neuroticism in people? What's going to make them fearful?"
CORRECTION (March 17, 2018, 7:50 p.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated the position Steve Bannon held in the Trump campaign. He was the chief executive, not the campaign chair.
