UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By Suzanne Duckett
Hardly a day passes without some new edict being issued about the food we should be avoiding.
Superfoods are worshipped one minute and shot down in flames the next, according to Daily Mail.
We're told sugar is bad (sometimes) and fats are good (but not always - and, anyway, it all depends on how you eat them).
So in an effort to get to the truth, we asked the country's leading nutritionists what foods they've banned from their own kitchen cupboards. Some of their choices may well surprise you...
Raw kale
Dr Marilyn Glenville PhD is a nutritionist specialising in women's health and author of bestselling books, including her new one Natural Solutions For Dementia And Alzheimer's.
She has women's health clinics in Harley Street, Tunbridge Wells and Ireland.
WHY?: Kale is everywhere, from salads to juices, yet Dr Glenville says she would never eat kale or other cruciferous vegetables (the family that includes broccoli, Brussels sprouts, cabbage, cauliflower, collards and kale) raw on a regular basis.
"They are often added in handfuls to smoothies or juices, yet these vegetables are classed as goitrogens [substances that can affect thyroid function]. And as an underactive thyroid can mean weight gain, raw kale could actually be contributing to your weight problem!
"But I would definitely eat them cooked as they carry many health benefits," continues Dr Glenville.
Continued below.
Related Content New Jersey teen accepted to all Ivy League schools, Stanford Restaurant Review: Etxeberria, Avondale Ask Brianna: Can I start a business if I have student debt?
"Even lightly steamed, the goitrogenic effect is deactivated."
This advice is particularly pertinent to women, who are far more likely to suffer thyroid problems than men.
Cans of tomatoes
Model turned nutritionist Rosemary Ferguson counts Kate Moss as one of her best friends. These days she sees clients at her Harley Street clinic.
WHY?: "Tomatoes have high levels of acidity and I'm personally concerned that this could cause corrosion of the metal of the can, increasing the possible risk of metal poisoning," she says.
Some cans are lined with plastic, but this may not be any better. "If the lining of the can is plastic it may leach into the tomatoes, and so possibly interfering with the endocrine system.
"I suggest using passata if you can't get hold of fresh tomatoes as it is usually sold in glass bottles, which don't carry the above risks."
Microwave popcorn
Jackie McCusker is a nutritionist registered with the British Association for Applied Nutrition & Nutritional Therapy and the Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council.
WHY?: Although popcorn is widely seen as a healthy, low-fat snack the microwaveable version should be avoided, according to Jackie McCusker.
"It comes in bags lined with toxic perfluorinated compounds (PFCs) - a large group of chemicals including perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), which has been linked to cancer," she says.
PFCs have been used for more than 60 years in non-stick pans and food packaging, yet research in Denmark shows they are a likely human carcinogen and can cause cardiovascular and thyroid problems (a possible EU ban is being discussed).
"The first thing you're likely to do when opening the hot popcorn bag is put your nose in for a good sniff, but just inhaling enough of this PFOA can make you feel sick," says Jackie.
"Instead, make your own popcorn using organic kernels, coconut oil, butter and a little salt."
Gluten-free foods
Best-selling author and nutritionist Patrick Holford is the founder of the Institute of Optimum Nutrition.
WHY?: Gluten-free products are the latest food obsession, yet nutritionist Patrick Holford is wary of gluten-free foods in general.
He believes that modern wheat is the main problem rather than gluten itself.
"Wheat does cause some people digestive problems, whereas kamut, which is an ancient form of wheat, does not. Every person in a study of irritable bowel syndrome got better on kamut, but worse when eating modern wheat," he says.
"I don't think it's gluten that is the enemy, but rather how we've changed the composition of modern wheat."
Soya milk
Henrietta Norton is a specialist in women's nutrition, children's nutrition, pregnancy and fertility. She is author of Take Control of Your Endometriosis and Your Pregnancy Nutrition Guide.
WHY?: The new milk darling for your latte is not the health food that it is commonly hailed to be, according to Henrietta Norton.
"Not only is it often highly processed before reaching us in milk or yoghurt form, but soya contains trypsin, which may inhibit protein digestion and pancreatic function," she says.
"Furthermore, soya milk contains phytic acid, which can inhibit the absorption of key minerals such as zinc, iron, calcium and magnesium. The latter two of these minerals are especially important post-menopausally when, ironically, soya consumption is often recommended."
"Instead, I eat unhomogenised and unpasteurised dairy products. These are not ideal for everyone as their 'raw' nature makes them more likely to contain the bacterium listeria, - and so they are not recommended during pregnancy, for example."
Rice - particularly brown!
Gabriela Peacock is the nutritional therapist at exclusive women's club Grace Belgravia, in London.
WHY?: "There are health risks associated with rice and rice products, especially for those who regularly eat a large amount. Although low levels of arsenic are found in many crops, rice - organic and inorganic - has ten to 20 times more than other cereal crops as it is grown in flooded conditions which allow for easier absorption of arsenic into the rice," says Gabriela.
"Basmati rice has lower levels, brown rice usually contains more arsenic than white because of the husk, while rice cakes and crackers can contain higher levels than cooked rice.
"Rice milk is no better: arsenic levels far exceed those allowed in drinking water. When using rice, always rinse it thoroughly before cooking and use plenty of water when cooking."
Pasteurised cheese
Nutritionist Eve Kalinik is a member of the British Association for Applied Nutrition & Nutritional Therapy and the Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council.
WHY?: "I only eat unpasteurised cheese for its amazing probiotic benefits that can be found in just one simple slice," Eve says.
"The pasteurised versions are heat treated - meaning you don't get the natural microbial benefits that are so important for the health of the gut.
"I tend to opt for ewe's or goat's cheese such as manchego, pecorino or halloumi, but parmesan is excellent, too, and you can get the unpasteurised versions of these in many supermarkets now."
Probiotic yoghurt
Shona Wilkinson is a nutritionist and health writer.
WHY?: "This trendy supplement is often packed full of sugar, which defeats the object of taking it in the first place," she warns.
"Probiotics are also known as 'live cultures' or 'good/friendly bacteria' and are excellent to take for the digestive system. The majority of your immune system cells come from the digestive tract so it's important to have good gut health for the immune system.
"The problem is that probiotics are very delicate and are destroyed and die quite easily. They are attacked by the stomach acid so will only survive in certain forms. Capsules are the best way as they are designed to withstand the stomach acid.
"There is one liquid probiotic which is excellent called Symprove. This "tricks" the stomach acid so that it passes through untouched."
Vegetable oils
Nutritionist and author Dale Pinnock has won awards for his healthy cookbooks.
WHY?: "People talk about trans fats sometimes. We talk about saturated fat a lot of the time. However, one thing very, very rarely discussed are fatty acids. Vegetable oils like sunflower oil, rapeseed oil, soy/canola oil etc are packed with omega 6 fatty acids. These are important to our health in tiny amounts, but as soon as we go past the small amount we need, they are converted into substances that trigger and worsen inflammation.
"This is inflammation at a micro level that, over time, may cause damage in tissues and has been linked with cardiovascular disease and other degenerative conditions. By avoiding such oils, we keep our intake of these potentially harmful substances very low. Instead, opt for olive oil or butter. And forget anything you've been told about olive oil being bad if you heat it. It's perfectly stable at the sort of temperatures reached during normal stove-top cooking."
Decaffeinated products
Nutritionist Caroline Skirrow is a member of the British Association for Applied Nutrition & Nutritional Therapy.
WHY?: Two of the main "decaffeination" processes use chemical solvents (methylene chloride and ethyl acetate).
"Although both are deemed safe as food processing agents in liquid form, they are highly toxic as vapours and in contact with skin, and we can't yet know the effect of long-term use. So why take the risk?" says Caroline.
"Any solvent residue is likely to be very small, but we are bombarded with chemically manipulated foods and products and our ever increasing 'toxic load' is impacting our health. My rule of thumb is to avoid synthetic additives of any sort and go less processed where possible.
"If you have a condition that advises caffeine restriction (eg, pregnancy, hypertension, insomnia) my advice is to hunt down some herbal teas or opt for products decaffeinated by chemical-free 'Swiss water' or CO2 methods."
- Daily Mail
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
End
-- Interbiz Solutions LLP, a leader in providing solutions across the gamut of HCM spectrum, announced today that it has been ranked 109 among the world'sVendors by, a leading technology market-research company devoted to the applications space. Interbiz Solutions is India's only HCM Software vendor to appear on the Top 150 list."Our position in the 2016 HCM Top 500 Software Vendor list demonstrates our dedication & and innovation in the HCM software space," said Varun Reddy, who is the Director of Interbiz Solutions LLP. "We believe that happy people are the cornerstone of success. This recognition not only validates our vision & our client-centric culture but also motivates us to remain at the top of the HCM space. This would not be possible without the support of our team. Their support, dedication & enthusiasm propels us to deliver industry-leading solutions."Our products have been consistently serving the mission critical HR needs of our clients for over 15 years. Today our varied client base encompasses 20 verticals and handles the HR needs of over 120,000 people.Our goal is to use technology to its maximum to enable organizations to increase the efficiency & consistency of HR processes. This builds employee morale & helps HR teams focus on strategy & growth. Our mobile first approach & data analysis capabilities are some of the many initiatives that we have taken to achieve that goal.- The pulse of the organization is created by its people.feel the pulse and we are providing Best payroll software in India. https://www.247hrm.com/
The echoes of “happy new year” were still swirling around Welford Road when Richard Cockerill, Leicester's director of rugby, was told that his 23-year association with the club had come to an end after an indifferent first half to the season left the Tigers in danger of missing out on the Premiership play-offs for the first time.
Cockerill, ever loyal to the club he joined as a hooker in 1992 and remained at since, apart from a two-year stint at Montferrand to end his playing career, said he respected the decision of the board while believing he was still the best person to be in charge. He was made director of rugby in 2010 after two seasons as head coach, but in the past three years the most successful English club in the professional era have lost ground to Saracens, Bath and Wasps, clubs built on debt rather than, like the Tigers, spending what they earn.
“It is with great sadness and regret that I leave my position as director of rugby with immediate effect,” said Cockerill, the third-longest serving director of rugby in the Premiership following Northampton's Jim Mallinder and Exeter's Rob Baxter.
“I still believe that I am the right person to lead the team at this present time but respect the board's decision to make change as they see fit in the best interests of the club. I arrived back at the club in 2004 as an academy coach and leave as director of rugby with a record that speaks for itself and stands up against any in club rugby in the world.”
Cockerill was fired because success was in the past and becoming more distant. After reaching the Premiership play-off final for nine consecutive years from 2005, last winning it in 2013, Leicester have missed out in the past three years. Sunday's defeat to Saracens left them with four victories in their last 17 Premiership matches against the champions, they have won at Wasps once since 2007 and they have lost their last six matches at Bath, conceding 130 points in their last three visits.
ADVERTISEMENT
Overwhelmed
Away form in recent years has been a concern. The Tigers have been overwhelmed at Glasgow and Munster in the Champions Cup this season and the last time they won away in the league against a club that finished in the top four that season was at Northampton in March 2014. Their home form was considerably better, but the loss to a Saracens team missing three England forwards prompted the Leicester board to wish Cockerill good luck.
Aaron Mauger, the Tigers' head coach, will take charge on an interim basis while the board looks at the coaching structure and whether to redefine the role of director of rugby with a greater emphasis on recruitment, one area where Leicester have suffered compared to their rivals in recent seasons: the ability of clubs to sign two marquee players outside the salary cap has left the best-supported side in the Premiership and the most financially secure struggling to compete.
The mix of Mauger and Cockerill was always going to be intriguing. The former, who played as a centre for New Zealand and finished his career at Leicester, is an exponent of attacking rugby while the latter is steeped in Leicester's traditional attritional approach.
Disharmony
There were signs of disharmony at the beginning of October when the defence coach Scott Hansen, a Kiwi who had arrived with Mauger from the Crusaders in the summer of 2015, was sacked following the concession of three try bonus points in their first five matches.Leicester have tactically lacked clarity this season, especially away from home, which a long injury list only partly explains. When the Leicester chairman, Peter Tom, responded to criticism of the Tigers in his programme notes on Sunday, he divorced the playing side from the administration.
“The performance in Ireland was not what we wanted or expected,” he wrote, “but criticism of the club was well off the mark. We remain in a strong financial position and continue to invest large sums in support of the players, backroom staff, facilities and our academy. This remains a club with high standards and expectations.”
Which is why a league position of fifth with 10 matches to go and trips to Wasps on Sunday, Bath and Northampton to come, prompted a sacking every bit as painful as that of another club stalwart back in 2004 who also had 23 years of service, Dean Richards.
“We are a big club that deserves to be treated with respect,” Cockerill said last month when asked if he feared for his position. “There may be ups and downs on the way, but we will be around in 100 years, doing what we do. Whether I am here or not is irrelevant.”
– (Guardian Service)
By John Lee.
Iraq's National Investment Commission (NIC) has included the “Grand Port of Al Faw” in its list of major strategic projects to be presented during the Kuwait International Conference for Iraq Reconstruction, to be held in Kuwait from 12th to 14th February:
Project cost: $6 billion
Location: Basra
Design capacity:
Phase one 2018: containers: 24 million ton/year, unpacked materials/ 24million ton/year
Phase two 2028: containers: 40 million ton/year, unpacked materials/ 32 million ton/year
Phase three 2038: containers: 70 million ton/year, unpacked materials/ 44 million ton/year
The project includes:
Eastern breakwater 8km
Western breakwater 15km
Two lines for containers berth 3.5km each 12 berth to each line total 24 containers berth and area for containers storage.
13 Berths for unpacked materials (grains, cement..etc.) 3.5km with conveyor belts
Berths for Oil products export and import (outside the port basin)
Roads and railways
Area for buildings and trucks (around 4km²)
Navigational channel 30km length, 17m depth.
Berths for various goods 4.5km (22berths)
industrial zone (approximately 8.5km²)
depth in the port basin is 15-17 m
The full 46-page document can be downloaded here.
(Source: NIC)
Mars is offering a new limited edition M&M's flavor – White Pumpkin Pie M&M's.
Just in time for the annual Pumpkin Spice/Pumpkin Flavor craze, these M&M's are a pumpkin pie-flavored coating over a sweet white chocolate center.
They started showing up in stores last week and mean that “Fall is coming” …
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
U.S. dollar and British pound notes are seen in this November 7, 2016 picture illustration. Picture taken November 7. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
LONDON Sterling hit a day's high against the dollar on Thursday as the dollar fell broadly, with traders citing a CNBC report that U.S. President Donald Trump's administration was assessing new ways to go after countries that try to weaken their currencies.
Sterling, which was already up on the day as investors bought back into the currency after Britain lodged its formal request to leave the European Union, benefited from the greenback's weakness.
It climbed almost half a cent after the CNBC report was published to hit a day's high of $1.2526 GBP=D3, up 0.7 percent on the day.
It also extended gains against the euro to hit a four-week high of 85.765 pence EURGBP=D4.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly, Patrick Graham and Ritvik Carvalho)
April 28 Thales SA:
* Thales acquires US company Guavus, a real-time big data analytics
* Transaction is for maximum enterprise value of $215 million, subject to achievement of significant sales growth targets
* Guavus revenues are expected to exceed $30 million for current fiscal year
* The impact of acquisition on Thales' 2017 EBIT should be non-material
* Transaction is expected to be completed during Q3 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Dortmund's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reacts during a German first division Bundesliga soccer match between SV Darmstadt 98 and Borussia Dortmund in Darmstadt, Germany, Saturday
Lisbon: Borussia Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel hopes the return of the Champions League will provide the jolt his inconsistent side need ahead of Tuesday's visit to Benfica in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
The Germans tormented opposing defences and finished above European champions Real Madrid in Group F after setting a new group-stage goals record, but they have failed to reproduce their best form domestically.
Dortmund, who won their lone Champions League title in 1997, fell an alarming 15 points behind Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich following Saturday's shock 2-1 loss at bottom side Darmstadt.
“I never got the feeling we really got going,” Tuchel said after Dortmund saw their nine-match unbeaten run snapped, albeit a series that included just three victories.
“We were simply a long way below our limit and we have to admit they (Darmstadt) deserved to win.”
Dortmund fielded three teenagers at Darmstadt, with 18-year-old Dzenis Burnic making his German league debut in the absence of injured defensive duo Marcel Schmelzer and Lukasz Piszczek.
But Tuchel predicted Tuesday's clash in Lisbon would elicit a strong response from his players, with Ousmane Dembele, Andre Schuerrle and Shinji Kagawa all in contention to return to the starting line-up after coming off the bench at the weekend.
“In all honesty, we come into our own when it's a 50-50 game,” said Tuchel, his thoughts echoed by goalkeeper Roman Buerki.
“On Tuesday, we play against a different opponent with a different way of playing,” the Swiss international added.
Jonas, Jimenez fit again
Greece striker Kostas Mitroglou scored twice as Benfica eased past Arouca 3-0 on Friday to remain one point clear of Porto at the top of the Portuguese league.
Tuesday's fixture at the Estadio da Luz will be the first meeting between Benfica and Dortmund since the first round of the 1963/64 European Cup, a tie the German club won 6-2 on aggregate.
Benfica, European champions in 1961 and 1962, advanced with the fewest points (eight) of any team to this season's knockout phase and are looking to reach the quarter-finals for the third time in six years.
Dortmund's record-breaking 21-goal haul in the group stage was founded largely on thumping 6-0 and 8-4 wins over Poland's Legia Warsaw, while they triumphed 2-1 over Sporting in Lisbon in October.
Veteran Brazilian forward Jonas, who scored 32 times in Portugal last season, will make his first appearance in Europe this season after missing the group stage with an ankle injury.
The 32-year-old has netted eight goals in all competitions since his return from a four-month layoff in mid-December.
Mexico international Raul Jimenez made his first appearance of the new year last weekend, coming off the bench against Arouca following injury, and warned of the challenge facing the hosts.
“It is going to be difficult as any Champions League match. We have to be at our best,” said Jimenez, while Peru international Andre Carrillo was confident Benfica's home support would provide a considerable boost to Rui Vitoria's side.
The second leg in Germany is scheduled for March 8.
— AFP
Indian shares end lower; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
Fire safety will be at the heart of a community partnership operation launching in Irthlingborough to tackle arson and anti-social behaviour.
Operation Rebuild will be launched on Monday (June 19) with a 300-household door-knock programme delivering fire and community safety information and advice, kicking off a summer of action aimed at engaging with residents and reducing arson incidents.
In 2015/16 the number of deliberate fires recorded in Irthlingborough by Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service (NFRS) was 23.
In 2016/17 this figure rose to 31.
Vehicle, wheelie bin and discarded rubbish fires are areas of particular concern.
Operation Rebuild is being led by the Arson Task Force, supported by the East Northamptonshire Community Safety Partnership, of which NFRS and East Northamptonshire Council are members.
A sister initiative, Operation Restore, was launched this week on Wellingborough's Hemmingwell estate.
NFRS Chief Fire Officer Darren Dovey said: “We recorded a substantial increase in deliberate fires in Irthlingborough between March 2016 and March 2017, and this operation will be working hard to reduce this dangerous and criminal problem. “Actions will include surveys by fire crews to identify and report potential fire hazards for removal, which will be followed up by waste teams from East Northamptonshire Council, and educational programmes to deflect potential offenders away from fire-setting.
“A similar operation on the Kingswood estate in Corby in 2015 called Operation Revive saw a 68 per cent reduction in arson and a significant reduction in anti-social behaviour, and we are hopeful that Operation Rebuild will be as successful.”
Home fire safety checks will be offered and Crimestoppers will be promoted as an anonymous reporting channel.
Shaun Johnson, Arson Task Force officer, said: “The Arson Task Force is pleased to be working with our partners in Irthlingborough in the forthcoming months.
“We are eager to get our fire safety message across and would encourage residents to engage with us.
“Identification will be presented by the fire service and partner agencies to ensure the public know who they are talking to.
“We will be happy to check your smoke alarms and arrange to get them replaced if necessary.”
Residents will be able to complete questionnaires to share their suggestions for improvements to the area, and advice will also be given about illegal money lending.
Steven North, leader of East Northamptonshire Council, said: “It's only by working together that public agencies can put together initiatives like Operation Rebuild.
“By bringing together the expertise of the Arson Task Force and the members of the East Northamptonshire Community Safety Partnership we can assist with all manner of neighbourhood concerns quickly and effectively, pooling skills and resources to be more creative in finding ways to improve safety and quality of life in Irthlingborough.”
The safety information packs being delivered to people have been compiled by members of Teamwork Trust, a charity working with adults with mental health needs, learning and physical disabilities.
Shaun Johnson and NFRS community safety officer Jo Gouldson met Teamwork members to brief them on the pack contents.
Nick Hayton, Business and Fund Development Officer at Teamwork, said: “Our members have thoroughly enjoyed putting the community safety packs together and really appreciated the time taken by the fire officers Shaun and Jo to explain each leaflet and its importance.”
The community engagement calls will be repeated in October 2017 and early 2018, ahead of a progress assessment in March 2018.
Educational theatre programme will also run in ten secondary schools from the autumn, including the feeder schools for Operations Restore and Rebuild's key areas.
These will address issues including alcohol, gangs and grooming.
On 3News at Seven: Three injured in a Dublin shooting linked to feuding families and terror in New York after an at… t.co/PKiQAkk9Ml
(Changes reference to currency "peg" in 11th, 12th paras to currency "cap")
* Japanese importer demand limits dollar's downside
* US, Chinese leaders to discuss Pyongyang's arms development
* U.S. economy, Trump's policy agenda remain in focus
* Investors keep eye on Czech crown
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, April 5 The dollar came under pressure on Wednesday after North Korea fired a ballistic missile into the sea ahead of a summit between U.S. and Chinese leaders, losing its grip on gains made earlier against the yen.
The missile firing -- a day before talks on economic and security issues between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping -- further diminished investor risk appetite in a week that has seen a flight to safety.
Trump's consistently harsh rhetoric on China has raised concerns about the summit and weighed on the dollar, as has speculation that the U.S. president will face challenges implementing his promised growth-boosting policies after his administration failed to pass healthcare reform.
The dollar edged down 0.1 percent to 110.63 yen, off a day's high of 110.92 and well below last Friday's 10-day peak of 112.19 yen.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a trade-weighted basket of six peers, was slightly down on the day at 100.48, as slumping U.S. Treasury yields also gave investors little incentive to buy the greenback.
"It's a bit of a mixed picture. Some downside risk (for the dollar) on the upcoming meeting between Chinese president Xi Jinping and Trump ... but to be honest, so far it's been the case that his (Trump's) rhetoric is a lot worse than his policy actions," said Lee Hardman, currency strategist at MUFG in London.
Though the perceived safe-haven Japanese currency tends to gain in times of geopolitical tension or risk aversion, the dollar got some help from Japanese importers on a "gotobi" date -- the fifth day of the month and dates that are multiple of five -- on which accounts are usually settled.
"Today, there is real demand for the dollar, on 'gotobi,' so its downside should be limited," said Kaneo Ogino, director at foreign exchange research firm Global-info Co in Tokyo.
The U.S. non-farm payrolls report out on Friday will be watched keenly by investors. Economists polled by Reuters predict the U.S. economy will have added 180,000 jobs in March.
The euro edged slightly higher by 0.1 percent to $1.0676 .
Investors also kept a close eye on the Czech crown amid rising speculation that the Czech central bank could soon drop its cap on the value of the currency against the euro. It was last down 0.1 percent to the single currency.
"I think they (Czech National Bank) are telegraphing it (dropping the cap), so they must have an intention of removing it," said Stephen Gallo, currency strategist with BMO Capital Markets.
"I suspect that they're watching very closely the events taking place in France though, ahead of the Presidential elections. I doubt they'll remove it before we get a result there."
The Australian dollar also crept higher to $0.7577, pulling away from a three-week low of $0.7545 hit in the previous session when investors pared bets that the Reserve Bank of Australia would hike rates this year.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; Additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Catherine Evans)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Researchers in religion studies are using computer simulations to help answer big questions about religion's benefits (potentially better mental health) and its evils (violence in the name of God).
“I don't even like computers,” confesses Connor Wood, a doctoral student in religion studies. But the curved, intersecting, multicolored lines on his screen represent the new frontier of computer-simulated religion studies that Wood and other researchers under Wesley Wildman, a Boston University School of Theology professor of philosophy, theology, and ethics, are exploring.
In his academic field—the study of religion—Wildman says, he became an early adopter of computer simulation after a working lifetime had taught him that “social dynamics like religion are complex…and that makes them difficult to understand.” Beholding breakthroughs in other fields made possible by computers, it struck him that “virtual social worlds” could help religion scholars tackle previously unanswerable questions.
Why do regular practitioners of religion seem to do better, mental health-wise, than the nonobservant?
Case in point: the lines on Wood's laptop, a computer simulation predicting answers to the question: Why do regular practitioners of religion seem to do better, mental health-wise, than the nonobservant? (They have slightly lowed suicide rates, for instance, Wood says.) One theory holds that religions requiring disciplines like fasting or regular prayer build behavioral self-regulation in their members.
Using a computer at Virginia's Old Dominion University—”just because we happened to be in Virginia when we built the model”—Wood made the simulation, which predicts how many people would stay in a religion based on its strictness.
He compared that to real-world data about defection rates from 18 Christian denominations, ranging from those with strict obligations like the Mormons (a fast-growing faith) to the more permissive United Church of Christ, which has shrunk from two million members in the 1950s to less than a million today. The computer model “corroborated and predicted that people's subjective well-being and self-control would rise in a growing community” with rigorous rituals, Wood says.
“This is a potential explanatory tool for understanding why people get radicalized, why religious violence is increasing, why we're seeing culture wars about religion in our political discourse.”
They can do such simulations now in the comfort of Wildman's STH office, where they've parked “the Beast,” as they've dubbed the $55,000 computer they had custom-built for their research. Resembling a black extra-large suitcase, the Beast's capabilities match the scholars' needs, Wildman says: “The particular models we're using involve computer agents, the religious subjects being studied, with virtual minds.…To get religious cognition expressed in the computer model, you're going to need a lot of memory.”
Money for the Beast came out of a grant, most of it from the John Templeton Foundation, to use computer modeling and simulation to test previously untestable hypotheses about religion. Now halfway through that three-year grant, Wildman is also a co-researcher in the early stages of another grant from the Norwegian government's Research Council. Norway is concerned about immigrants, mainly Muslim, who don't assimilate, he says. “The grant's challenge to us is to figure out…the process of integration and refugee flow and the risks of religious extremist violence.”
Wood is using the Beast to research a separate question that nevertheless may have bearing on Norway's problem. Religion confers structure and hierarchical roles on life, he says, from tribal initiation rites to bar mitzvahs to weddings. He wondered whether such structure builds resilience in ways that unstructured societies—including secularized ones—don't. The Beast simulated a group of individuals that it depicted by wave patterns onscreen; when Wood tells the computer to eliminate structures and hierarchy, the waves jump apart chaotically, a computerized depiction of nonresilience.
“This is a potential explanatory tool for understanding why people get radicalized, why religious violence is increasing, why we're seeing culture wars about religion in our political discourse,” he says.
While an un-hierarchical society might feel more equal, many people seek structure, he says, and violent religious groups are nothing if not structured according to a rigid insiders-vs.-outsiders outlook. To test the accuracy of the computer's prediction, Wood will use a variety of real-life data, including how adolescent social networks work and how emotions can spread like contagious diseases among online communities.
Wildman's research team has used the Beast to analyze people's reactions to terrifying events such as natural disasters or disease outbreaks. The frightened often flood churches to “cope with death-salient events,” Wildman notes.
A philosopher like himself, operating without simulation tools, “could sit down and say, it makes sense to me that people would react to this terrifying event by seeking supernatural agent help; they'd probably start going to church or temple more.…I could write a book about that, and it'd be the theoretical story behind my hypothesis.
“But it's just a hypothesis. It really needs to be tested,” he says. Using the Beast, the team created a computer-simulated virtual human mind capable of simulating the impacts of terror on behavior. The model, in turn, suggests that religious ritual observance would spike after terror-inspiring events drove people beyond a certain threshold of fear.
The simulated output will be tested against what sociologists and demographers have learned about spikes in religious observance following a frightening event, such as the 2011 New Zealand earthquake that killed 185.
“And that,” Wildman says, “makes for a less speculative and more interesting book.”
Besides predicting contemporary realities, he says he plans to turn his computer modeling toward the past, studying religion's role in such epic developments as humans' transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture.
The Beast requires the researchers to articulate as precisely as possible the hypotheses they hope to model. “Computers are dumb,” Wood says. “They're not conscious, no matter what Silicon Valley says….They can't do context, they can't get a facial expression, they can't make a leap to understand what you're saying.” That may explain what Wildman calls the aversion in the humanities to the kind of abstraction that computers permit.
But while fieldwork is priceless, he says, modeling stretches the realm of academic theorizing.
“You've got a big, complicated system in the real world; you try and approach it from the top, from sociology, you can only get so far,” he says. “You approach it from the bottom, from psychology and neuroscience; you can only get so far.…How do you get to the actual system dynamics? The thing to do is to simulate the complicated social system in a computer so that you can slowly study it.”
Source: Boston University
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK, April 10 Efforts to breathe new life into an ageing Manhattan office building that is the flagship property of the family of President Donald Trump's son-in-law has gained a green light after a partial owner of the building indicated a willingness to sell.
Steven Roth, chairman and chief executive of Vornado Realty Trust, said in a letter to its shareholders that there had been "much press" recently about 666 Fifth Avenue, a 60-year-old building that Vornado owns with the Kushner family.
"This is an ongoing, complex, dynamic, and unpredictable situation," Roth said in the letter dated April 4.
Vornado has a joint venture in the building with Kushner Cos., a real estate company whose chief executive until recently was Jared Kushner, an adviser to Trump who is married to Trump's daughter Ivanka. Jared sold his interests to a family trust in January.
Vornado declined to elaborate on Roth's letter, first reported by the New York Post late on Friday.
"Kushner Cos. is in active, ongoing discussions around 666 Fifth Avenue," spokesman James Yolles said in a statement. A previous statement had termed talks as "advanced."
Kushner said two weeks ago it ended talks to re-develop the 39-story building, valued for its proximity to Rockefeller Center, the Museum of Modern Art, and St. Patrick's Cathedral, with China's Anbang Insurance Group.
Talks had centered on Anbang providing as much as half of $2.5 billion in equity in a plan that called for stripping the building down to its steel columns and adding about 40 floors.
The project was designed by Zaha Hadid, a Pritzker Prize award winner for architecture, before she died last year.
In February, Vornado said in a regulatory filing that the office segment of the building was under development or not available for lease, a sign the building was being emptied of tenants to accommodate a makeover.
Roth's letter showed that Vornado's share of debt in the office portion of the building was $691 million, which would value the Kushner's 50.5 percent share at about $705 million.
While Roth said it is a "rare case" when Vornado may be sellers, he acknowledged since 2012 the real estate investment trust has increased selling activity four-fold. It executed $5.7 billion in asset sales, resulting in gains of $2.4 billion.
Any redevelopment plan could be hampered by the cost of buying out tenants with long-term leases or Spanish retailer Zara's store at the building's foot.
(Reporting by Herbert Lash)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
The Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team is heading out to the fourth round of the 2018 FIA Formula 1 World Championship in Azerbaijan. It will be the first race of the season to take place on a proper city circuit – one that challenges the participating teams in terms of tyre management and finding the right set-up that will allow them to extract the maximum performance of their cars on long straights and narrow turns. Marcus Ericsson and Charles Leclerc return to Baku with good memories from their respective races in 2017. While Marcus Ericsson finished in P11 in the 2017 Formula 1 Azerbaijan Grand Prix, Charles Leclerc had great success in the 2017 FIA Formula 2 races there, in which he finished in P1 and P2.
Marcus Ericsson
"The race in Baku will be our first street race of the season. It is quite a cool track, with a good mix of high-speed sectors and challenging corners. What is special about the track is that it features some twisty parts, mainly around the castle. The track is very narrow there, and you must be very precise as a driver. Another challenge will be to set up the car to suit the demands of the circuit. Tyre management will be a key factor, as the degradation of the tyres is quite high during the race. I look forward to going to Baku, and continuing our strong performance from the first three races of the year."
Charles Leclerc
"I look forward to going back to Baku. I had a strong race there last year, when I was competing in Formula 2, and feel quite comfortable on the Baku City Circuit. I particularly like city tracks. They are challenging for drivers, as you cannot afford to make any errors. The atmosphere there is great, and the view of the old town and castle is spectacular. It will be interesting to learn about the tyre management during the practice sessions. This will prepare us for the challenges of this circuit, and allow us to work on finding the right set-up and perform well in the race. I'm excited to be back in the car."
Track facts
The first Grand Prix of Azerbaijan was hosted at the Baku City Circuit in 2016. The city track, located in the country′s capital, is 6 km long and was designed by the well-known architect Hermann Tilke. Baku is one of three city races on this year′s calendar, the others being Monaco and Singapore. Long straights allow top speeds, but also require good traction, braking, and tyre management. Part of the track surrounds Baku′s old town, providing beautiful scenery and a unique atmosphere.
Britain's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon speaks during a press conference after the official ceremony welcoming the deployment of a multi-national NATO battalion in Tapa, Estonia, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
Estonia's Defence Minister Margus Tsahkna greets Britain's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon (L) during the official ceremony welcoming the deployment of a multi-national NATO battalion in Tapa, Estonia, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
Britain's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon speaks during the official ceremony welcoming the deployment of a multi-national NATO battalion in Tapa, Estonia, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
(L-R) Estonia's Defence Minister Margus Tsahkna his Denmark's counterpart Claus Hjort Frederiksenand Britain's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon attend the official ceremony welcoming the deployment of a multi-national NATO battalion in Tapa, Estonia, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
Britain's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon speaks during the official ceremony welcoming the deployment of a multi-national NATO battalion in Tapa, Estonia, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
TAPA, Estonia U.S. President Donald Trump's administration is shifting its stance on Russia and now sees Moscow as a competitor, Britain's defence minister said on Thursday during a trip to the Baltic states designed to underline NATO's new deterrent forces.
In his election campaign last year Trump voiced admiration for President Vladimir Putin, and contacts between his aides and Russia before and after the November vote prompted concerns in Europe that the U.S. leader would seek a deal with Moscow.
But Britain's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said Washington was now more cautious about the chances of better relations with the Kremlin.
"The American defence secretary and the American secretary of state are under no illusions of how we have to deal with Russia now as a competitor," Fallon told reporters in Tapa, Estonia, just 150 kilometres (93 miles) from the Russian border.
In his first European interview before taking office, Trump proposed to end U.S. sanctions against Russia in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with Putin.
That went against the previous U.S. administration's position. The West had argued that economic sanctions on Russia could only be dropped if Russia withdrew from Ukraine's Crimea peninsula and stopped supporting separatists in eastern Ukraine.
"We have to engage with Russia," Fallon said of Europe's biggest energy supplier. "We have to talk with Russia where necessary, but we also have to beware. We are at one in our approach to Russia and the potential threats that Russia embodies," Fallon added.
Fallon was attending a welcoming parade for a new NATO battle group in Estonia, part of a wider alliance strategy to deter Russia from repeating its 2014 annexation of Crimea in the Baltics and Poland.
Russia has condemned the deterrent as part of an aggressive strategy on its frontiers.
(Writing by Robin Emmott; Editing by Gareth Jones)
April 13 Oneroof Energy Group Inc
* Oneroof Energy announces settlement of arbitration claim resignation of chief executive officer
* Says CEO and president David Field resigned
* Oneroof Energy Group Inc - Dalton W. Sprinkle has been appointed interim chief executive officer
* Oneroof Energy Group Inc- terms of settlement included payment of $1.1 million to Trinity
* Oneroof Energy Group Inc - terms of settlement also include Oneroof's transfer of certain solar projects and leads to Trinity
* Oneroof Energy Group - entered into mutual settlement agreement with Trinity Heating & Air, D/B/A Trinity Solar, settling all claims between parties Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PopXport
PopXport-Quiz: Who originally sang "Stolen Dance"?
Enter our quiz to win some wonderful CDs! We'll play the cover version of a German hit single and all you have to do is tell us the answer to the following question:
Watch video 01:34 Share Quiz: The original version of "Stolen Dance" Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uTCr Quiz: The original version of "Stolen Dance"
Who originally sang "Stolen Dance"? Mike Singer Alice Merton Milky Chance We're giving away CDs by Clara Louise, Casper, Lilly Among Clouds, and Kraus.
Audios and videos on the topic
An arrest has been made in the 2012 murder of a Thomson man.
On Nov. 11, 2012, the Georgia Bureau of Investigation was asked to assist the Thomson Police Department with an investigation into the murder of sixty-two-year-old Ronald Alton Willoughby. Willoughby was killed by a single gunshot wound to the chest and his death was ruled a homicide.
On June 13, 2017, the case was brought before a grand jury in McDuffie County and Willoughby's former wife, sixty-one-year-old Kaye Ivie Willoughby, was charged with her former husband's murder. At around 7:00 p.m., sheriff's office deputies and GBI agents arrested Kaye Willoughby in Monroe, Georgia.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
AmzLogo
End
-- Have you been finding yourself in a selling rut? Have your sales been down as of lately? Well, AMZ Sales Blitz has some news to share with you. You can get out of the rut you're in and become one of the top sellers of Amazon! This team created software to help solve some of your selling issues. Selling on Amazon is easy. Once you know what product to sell, you have to write a brief description and post a few pictures. That's the easy part. The hard part is getting consumers to see and actually purchase your product. AMZ Sales Blitz will show you how to sell on Amazon, as well as, how to get your listings on the first page! The software will also teach you some selling tools for Amazon. Learn all of the tricks to selling on Amazon, and watch as your sales start to grow in no time at all!AMZ Sales Blitz(470)545-0811 (tel:(470)%20545-0811)United States
April 3 Aptevo Therapeutics Inc
* Aptevo therapeutics' next generation adaptir™ bispecific antibody candidates show potent immune activation
* Aptevo -new data highlight potent in vitro and in vivo activity of apvo436 and apvo437 at inducing rtcc in preclinical models of acute myelogenous leukemia Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when he drove his car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to take it down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer — they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night: "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers said they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story didn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it was published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer was founded by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and his site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing, noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be "sending our allies in Lagos to pay him a visit in person."
"LOL, this meme just won't end," one person wrote about the Lagos reference.
Earlier this year, Anglin's website was linked to an office in Worthington, Ohio, the Columbus suburb where he went to high school. As Columbus Alive reported, "Anglin's current whereabouts remain unknown."
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over.
"Anglin you are a legend," one person wrote.
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v Everton - Premier League - Old Trafford - 4/4/17 Manchester United's Luke Shaw in action with Everton's Idrissa Gueye Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Manchester United have set their sights on winning the Europa League as an alternative route into next year's Champions League, defender Luke Shaw has said ahead of the first leg of their quarter-final against Anderlecht on Thursday.
United is fifth in the Premier League, four points behind Manchester City, who occupy the final qualifying spot for next season's Champions League.
The Europa League winners, however, also qualify for the Champions League.
"Every single game is massive now, but I think the one on Thursday is huge," Show told British media. "We have to treat every game in that competition now like it's a final. We want to win that tournament.
"The Europa League is a massive thing for us now -- it's a trophy and it gives us qualification for the Champions League. With the players we have got, we can be unstoppable."
Fullback Antonio Valencia is expected to return against Anderlecht after missing United's last two league fixtures while goalkeeper David de Gea is a doubt with a hip injury.
United's Europa League matches are sandwiched around a clash with Premier League leaders Chelsea on Sunday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
April 20 Murphy Usa Inc
* Reg-Murphy usa announces launch of notes offering
* Murphy usa inc - planned offering of approximately $300 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027
* Murphy usa inc - notes will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by murphy usa and by certain of murphy usa's domestic subsidiaries
* Murphy usa inc- net proceeds will be partly used to pay down amounts outstanding under murphy usa's senior credit facilities
* Murphy usa inc - planned offering of of senior notes due 2027 by its wholly owned subsidiary, murphy oil usa, inc Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Janine Dooley sought solace in food after the ordeal of finding an armed intruder in her home - but now, she's virtually unrecognisable.
A comfort eating mum who weighed 17st 7lb – gorging to combat the horror of finding an armed intruder in her home – turned to dangerous diet pills before transforming her body with a £6.99 hypnosis app.
A svelte size 10 until the night when, home alone aged 19 in March 2010, she confronted an axe-wielding stranger, at her heaviest, Janine Dooley, 27, regularly scoffed crisps, chocolate and takeaways – eating 24 Jaffa Cakes just as a snack.
But the bank worker, of Clydebank, Glasgow, has now put the terrifying incident behind her – managing to shrink to 10st 4lb by playing a hypnosis app every night as she falls asleep, saying: “I don't know if I'm just making excuses, but everything seemed to change for me after that horrible experience.”
Janine holding Oscar at her heaviest (Collect/PA Real Life)
She continued: “The man responsible eventually went to prison for it, but I was terrified there'd be repercussions and that his friends or family would come back.
“I used food as a comfort blanket. After going through something that terrifying, I wasn't interested in dieting and the gym. I thought, ‘You only live once,' so I ate what I wanted.”
But, ashamed by her size, Janine, who has a son, Oscar, one, with her draftsman partner, Darren Kelly, 32, at one point slimmed right down, even becoming a consultant at a local slimming club.
Janine now, weighing 10st 4lb (Collect/PA Real Life)
Still traumatised by the terrifying break-in at her home, however, the pounds started creeping back on so, mortified, she secretly visited other weight loss groups out of town as a member – and even tried diet pills in a bid to stay slim.
She continued: “I felt like I couldn't give advice to other slimmers, when I was struggling with my weight myself. It was hard to help others and make them feel good about themselves, when I was feeling so bad.”
Janine realised that, until she came to terms with the distressing ordeal in her home, which she blames for her turning from a slim teenager into an obese adult, she would not be able to control her weight.
Recalling the incident, she said: “I had just been in the shower and was walking back to my room – which was on the ground floor – when I saw my door close.
“I've got four brothers, so assumed it'd be one of them pranking me. I kicked the door open to see a man in there holding an axe.
“I said to him, ‘Take what you want but don't hurt me.' He made me stay in my room while he rummaged through the house. At first, I was frozen with fear, but then I thought, ‘No, I'm not going to let you take everything my parents worked hard for,' so I grabbed my phone and dialled 999.'”
Janine weighing around 15st in September 2017 with Darren and Oscar (Collect/PA Real Life)
Thankfully, the police arrived swiftly and the burglar was arrested, charged and later sent to prison.
But, shaken to her core, Janine could not overcome her fear that it would happen again.
Comfort eating, she sought solace in food and struggled to find any motivation to stay fit.
These 'treats' aren't quite what you're body needs – Next time you crave a coke opt for water instead. #weightloss Posted by Sue and James 12 Weeks to Wow Programme on Sunday, May 31, 2015
The one positive was meeting Darren in April 2010 in the pub where she worked.
“That came at a really good time, as I was still feeling quite shaken. He cheered me up and helped take my mind off it,” she said.
But, despite being delighted with her new partner, Janine could not shake off the unhealthy relationship she had developed with food.
Janine showing the difference in her face (Collect/PA Real Life)
Constantly snacking on family bags of crisps and whole packets of biscuits during the day, in the evening she would tuck into a takeaway.
She also had a weakness for fizzy pop, drinking, on average, 14 litres a week.
“I can now see that I was addicted to food,” she said. “Binge eating is so accepted that I didn't realise what I was doing. So many of us out there will use their weekends as an excuse to eat unhealthily – but the difference for me was that it was all the time.”
When she turned 21, Janine realised she had gained two stone, so, then 12st, decided to join a local slimming group.
“I wasn't huge or anything, but I knew I'd put on weight, so wanted to nip my habits in the bud before they got worse,” she added.
Sticking religiously to her plan, she managed to slim back down to 10st and was even asked to be a consultant.
Janine looking slimmer in January 2018 (Collect/PA Real Life)
But, in time, she regained all the weight she had lost – and then some.
Feeling like a fraud when she led her slimming class and, desperate to battle her bulges, she even dabbled with diet pills she bought online.
“They made me feel terrible,” she said. “I was really shaky and thirsty. That's no way to live your life at all. Eventually, I decided to stop being a consultant. I just didn't feel as if people would listen to me, and I couldn't help them if I wasn't even helping myself.”
Then, in late 2016, Janine and Darren started trying for a baby and in July 2017, little Oscar was born.
But, by her own admission, wearing a size 20 and weighing 17st 7lb – her heaviest ever – Janine was no yummy mummy.
She explained: “Of course, it was partly baby weight, but I had also eaten far too much. I'd been a pig. I thought it was my time to ignore dieting, and that I was entitled to eat what I wanted.”
Janine holding Oscar following her weight loss (Collect/PA Real Life)
“I ended up having a few issues during the pregnancy, with heart palpitations. I would be lying on the bed, feeling like I'd just sprinted, with my heart pounding away. My blood pressure was high too, and I had to have an emergency caesarean, as Oscar's heart rate kept dipping.
“Looking back, I feel horrid. I can't believe I was so irresponsible – risking both our lives because I thought food was everything.”
But having Oscar was the trigger she needed to change as, desperate to prevent her son from inheriting her dysfunctional relationship with food, last summer, Janine vowed to beat her demons once and for all.
Janine now, after using the £6.99 hypnosis app to slim down (Collect/PA Real Life)
At first, she tried a few more slimming groups before realising she needed to tackle the cause of her over-eating, rather than just her weight.
So, after reading about a hypnosis app called ‘Virtual Gastric Band – Lose Weight Fast' on Mumsnet, she decided to give it a go.
“By this point, I'd spent hundreds on dieting. The app was only £6.99 – I had nothing to lose,” she said.
Downloading it in November 2017, it was the miracle Janine had been looking for – helping her to drop five dress sizes to a 10 and to slim down to just 10st 4lb.
She has also rediscovered her love of exercise, regularly working out to YouTube tutorials.
Feeling proud of herself “for the first time in a long time,” Janine, who loves her new body, cannot believe she has managed to regain her svelte frame without any conventional dieting.
Janine, Darren and Oscar in March 2018 (Collect/PA Real Life)
She explained: “I would play the hypnosis app every night as I fell asleep, so its message was being relayed to my sub-conscious.
“The app teaches you four main things – eat slowly, only eat when you're actually hungry, eat what you want, not what you can and stop when you feel full. It's completely reprogrammed my thinking. Everyone is so amazed. But I have finally learned when to stop eating.
“Much more relaxed, I can also deal with my teenage trauma now. I have more time to enjoy my family, friends and my work, too, now my life is no longer controlled by food.”
For information, visit www.12weekstowow.co.uk
© Press Association 2018
Noted architect Frank Lloyd Wright built this five-bedroom, three-bathroom Chicago home in 1900, and after a price chop earlier this week it could be yours for only $195,000 . Scroll down for a look inside.
The house is in the West Pullman neighborhood of Chicago. Coldwell Banker Wright designed it in 1900 for Stephen Foster, a real estate attorney.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It was designated a Chicago Landmark on May 9, 1996. Coldwell Banker
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Unlike Wright's famous "Prairie-style" homes, this one is Japanese-influenced. Coldwell Banker The architect collected Japanese woodblock prints and credited Japanese art for some of his inspiration.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"The dramatic, outward flare of the ridges on the roof and dormers evokes Japanese architecture and lends variety and dynamism to this otherwise conservative design​," a description from the Frank Lloyd Wright Trust reads​. Coldwell Banker
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The home went on the market for $239,900 in April and has had three subsequent price cuts. Coldwell Banker Now it's down to the just $195,000.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"It's an oasis from the hustle and bustle of the city, says listing agent Armond Boulware. Coldwell Banker
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Nobody would call the kitchen's color palette muted. Coldwell Banker
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
For more Wright real estate, check out this video of an untouched 1960 he built that's also on the market.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 42-year-old man was slashed to the face with a blade and beaten up during a terrifying attack on a footpath near Elvaston Castle.
The victim was approached by two men who attacked him, slashed him with a silver blade, stole a gold chain along with a watch and cash.
The man carrying the blade is described as white, aged 20-25, approximately 5ft 7ins tall and slim built. He has short, shaved, light brown hair and was wearing a grey t-shirt.
The other man is described as white, approximately 5ft 3ins tall with brown hair and a larger build than his companion. It is believed he was wearing distinctive red coloured trousers.
The exact location of the incident was on the footpath directly across the river from the Kuehne and Nagel distribution site, situated near the Elvaston Castle grounds. The incident happened at around 6pm on Bank Holiday Monday, May 28.
The entrance to the footpath is off the B5010 shortly after the bridge over the River Derwent.
If you witnessed the assault, or have any information, call police Investigator Jason Beardsley on 101 quoting reference number 18000244474.
You can also call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
* Japan will open city retail gas market from Saturday
* Follows similar step in electricity sector
* Power utilities looking to win new business
* Country is world's top LNG buyer
By Osamu Tsukimori
TOKYO, March 31 Power utilities are poised to steam into Japan's city retail gas market, with the over $20 billion a year sector from Saturday opening to companies beyond the regional gas firms that have typically piped the commodity into homes around the country.
The liberalisation comes in the wake of similar moves in the nation's electricity market, with the government looking to dismantle the final barrier to cross-ownership for an energy sector in turmoil since the 2011 nuclear disaster in Fukushima.
Increased competition in Japan's retail gas market could boost the number of firms looking to purchase liquefied natural gas in what is already the world's top LNG buyer.
The former power monopolies will be pushing to win a chunk of the country's city gas markets to compensate for the around 3 million, or 5 percent, of the retail power customers they lost to gas and other suppliers in the first 11 months since electricity markets were fully liberalised.
"We have lost many retail power customers, but we can launch a hard strike (into the retail gas market)," said Michio Sato, a managing director at the retail energy unit of Tokyo Electric Power Holdings (Tepco).
Electricity utilities, still mostly without operating nuclear units, have few options for expansion except for overseas business or domestic gas as power demand is in gradual decline, Sato added.
Tepco, best known as the operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, has already nabbed a contract that was previously held by gas giant Tokyo Gas (Togas). It has signed a deal to supply 240,000 tonnes of LNG a year to Nippon Gas, which has 320,000 customers around Tokyo.
"We are losing 300,000 customers at the start of the gas liberalisation, so we will be in a severe situation from the get-go," said a Tokyo Gas spokesperson.
A spokesman for Toho Gas, another major supplier, said the company expected to lose some customers, but hoped to limit its losses.
Power utilities are well positioned to enter the gas market as they already account for roughly 70 percent of Japan's LNG, using the fuel in gas-fired power stations.
Kansai Electric Power, Chubu Electric and Kyushu Electric are registered to provide retail city gas from April 1.
Procurement of gas is difficult for non-energy companies due to the specialized terminals needed to bring in LNG and the lack of a wholesale gas market, unlike the one in the power sector.
That explains why only a dozen firms are registered so far to supply the city gas retail market, compared with more than 100 companies registered to sell retail electricity before last year's power liberalisation, said Takeshi Fujimoto, Director of the Gas Market Office at the government's Agency for Natural Resources and Energy.
(Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Aaron Sheldrick and Joseph Radford)
April 20 Snc-Lavalin Group Inc
* Snc-Lavalin to acquire WS Atkins to greatly expand our global consulting, design and project management capabilities
* Snc-Lavalin to acquire WS Atkins to greatly expand our global consulting, design and project management capabilities
* Snc-Lavalin Group Inc - deal for £20.80 per share in cash
* Snc-Lavalin Group Inc - expected to deliver approximately $120 million of cost synergies by end of first full financial year after effective date
* Snc-Lavalin Group Inc - deal for $3.6 billion
* Snc-Lavalin Group - deal expected to be immediately accretive to snc-lavalin's consolidated and e&c adjusted earnings per share before any revenue and cost synergies
* Snc-Lavalin Group Inc - Snc-Lavalin does not expect integration review to have a material impact on continued employment of Atkins' employees
* Says acquisition represents an enterprise value of $4.2 billion, including pension deficit
* Snc-Lavalin Group Inc - entered into a new £300 million unsecured term loan
* Expects to maintain its investment-grade rating following closing of acquisition
* Snc-Lavalin group-acquisition to be funded through equity,debt issuance,and supported by Caisse De Dépôt Et Placement Du Québec, co's largest shareholder
* Snc-Lavalin Group Inc - reaffirming 2017 outlook for adjusted earnings per share from E&C of $1.70 to $2.00
* Fy2017 earnings per share view C$1.89 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Snc-Lavalin - to finance portion of deal price, entered into deal with underwriters to sell subscription receipts from treasury at $51.45/subscription receipt
* Snc-Lavalin group - concurrently with deal, snc-lavalin highway holdings and cdpq entered into loan agreement in original principal amount of $1.5 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Enter to win a $25.00 gift certificate to Hardee's to throw your own tailgate spectacular!
Each week four winners will be randomly drawn and win! WFXG will announce the winners Monday and Tuesday in the Morning News 5:30 A.M.- 9:00 A.M. and during the Monday - Friday 10 PM News. Each weekly winner will be entered to win a 55" Flat Screen TV, provided by WFXG.
Prizes are to be picked up from WFXG FOX 54 located at 3933 Washington Rd. Martinez, GA 30907 Monday- Friday between the hours of 9 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ZURICH May 3 LafargeHolcim's board of directors and management received just under 61 percent support from shareholders at the Swiss company's annual general meeting on Wednesday, amid displeasure after the cement maker admitted paying armed groups in war-torn Syria.
Just over 38 percent of shareholders voted against giving discharge to the board of directors and management at the annual general meeting in Zurich.
"This is not a result we can boast of," said chairman Beat Hess. "There were mistakes made in the past, mistakes that are not compatible with a company of our values.
"I understand the displeasure expressed in this result," he said.
(Reporticng by John Revill; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi and Joshua Franklin)
The logo of Coca-Cola Femsa, the largest Coke bottler in the world, is pictured at its headquarters in Monterrey, Mexico, April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril
MEXICO CITY Mexican bottler and retailer Fomento Economico Mexicano on Friday said its first-quarter net profit rose 9.7 percent year-on-year, below market expectations as a spike in electricity prices ate into a surge in sales.
The Monterrey-based holding company, known as Femsa (FMSAUBD.MX), said it earned 3.291 billion pesos ($175.7 million) in the quarter. Analysts had forecast 3.894 billion pesos, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
But the company said it did better than it thought it would, describing the January-March period as particularly challenging because there were fewer weekend and vacation days to boost sales.
At the end of 2016, Femsa had forecast a modest rise in investments for 2017 and flagged potential risks due to uncertainty over the North American Free Trade Agreement, foreign direct investment and the peso.
"Fortunately, consumption trends in Mexico remained solid," chief financial and corporate officer Eduardo Padilla said on a conference call with investors.
Femsa owns the world's biggest Coke bottler, Coca-Cola Femsa KOFL.Mx, a chain of Oxxo convenience stores and a stake in beer company Heineken NV (HEIN.AS).
Femsa posted a nearly 30 percent surge in first-quarter revenue, led by Coca-Cola Femsa and its fuel division. Conditions in South America - where operations include Venezuela, Argentina and Brazil - remained difficult, it said.
A 40 percent surge in electricity prices at its Oxxo chain fueled an acceleration of operating costs that hurt margins, said Padilla.
Energy costs were "almost as big as rent" for Oxxo in the first quarter, he said.
The "unusually high" opening of 176 Oxxo stores, many of which had been slated for late 2016, also increased costs, Padilla said.
The company said it expects energy prices to stay about where they are going forward, but other operating costs would likely be short term.
Femsa noted that it has been passing any price increases from suppliers onto consumers and that it has been reducing the size of its service crews at gas stations.
The company has "high expectations" for April, when the Easter holiday likely boosted sales, said Padilla, adding that results for the first half of 2017 would be more representative of growth trends.
Shares in Femsa were down about 0.58 percent in midday trading.
(Reporting by Noe Torres and Mitra Taj; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
(Adds details)
BRASILIA, April 28 Brazil's jobless rate rose to a record for the fifth straight month in March with more than 14 million workers unemployed, government data showed on Friday, illustrating the hardships caused by the country's deepest recession ever.
Unemployment hit 13.7 percent in the first quarter, statistics agency IBGE said on Friday. That was in line with market expectations in a Reuters poll and up from a rate of 13.2 percent in the three months through February.
Average monthly wages discounted for inflation were nearly unchanged from a year earlier at 2,110 reais ($664.50).
As the economy tumbled, Brazil's jobless rate has more than doubled since hitting a record low of 6.2 percent in 2013. A mild recovery has gained pace following deep interest rate cuts by the central bank, but economists expect growth this year to be too weak to bring unemployment down.
The Brazilian economy is expected to grow 0.4 percent in 2017 after contracting more than 3 percent in each of the past two years, according to a weekly central bank survey.
The number of unemployed people surged 27.8 percent to 14.2 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, IBGE said.
Among people of working age, those with jobs fell to a record low of 53.1 percent in the first quarter, IBGE added.
($1 = 3.1753 reais)
(Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
April 6 Sprint Corp:
* Sprint corp says new pricing for its unlimited freedom plan and elimination of other rate plan offers Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI Rights group Amnesty International said a court in the United Arab Emirates had sentenced a dissident professor to 10 years in prison for online activism on Wednesday, calling the move a violation of free speech.
State news agency WAM reported that an appeals court in the capital Abu Dhabi had sentenced an Emirati national, referred to only by the initials N.A.G., for social media activity.
It quoted the court as saying the sentence was for "communicating with secret organisations linked to the Muslim Brotherhood, by creating accounts on social media and publishing photos and articles that are offensive to the state's symbols and values, its internal and foreign policies and its relations with an Arab state".
Amnesty International identified the sentenced man as prominent dissident Nasser bin Ghaith.
"By imposing this ludicrous sentence in response to his peaceful tweets, the authorities have left no room for doubt: those who dare to speak their minds freely in the UAE today risk grave punishment," Amnesty's statement quoted its Middle East research deputy director Lynn Maalouf as saying.
It was not immediately clear which posts by bin Ghaith, who frequently posted on his Twitter account before his arrest in August 2015, had led to his conviction.
A tourism and trade hub, the UAE brooks little public criticism of its monarchy or policies and is especially opposed to the Islamist ideology of the Muslim Brotherhood.
(Reporting by Noah Browning; editing by Andrew Roche)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce praised Gabby Agbonlahor for his performance in the defeat at Cardiff claiming he did more in five minutes than the rest of the team managed in the entire first half.
Aston Villa's longest-serving player showed flashes of his old-self and went close on two occasions to finding an equaliser.
Agbonlahor's second-half chances were Villa's only open-play opportunities and Bruce was cursing his decision not to field the 30-year-old from the start.
“Gabby was excellent and yes, maybe I should have played him from the start.
“He did more in five minutes than what they all did in the first half so fair play to him.”
Agbonlahor ran his socks off and put the Cardiff defence under pressure when he was introduced at the interval as part of a double change that also saw Aaron Tshibola come on as Ashley Westwood and Gary Gardner were replaced.
“All along in my thoughts ever since I brought him back from the cold, was that we were going to lose two forward in January.
“Gabby has done everything he can to turn it around and we need more of it.
“He's had his critics and all the rest of it. At least he showed me something that he cared.
“That's important to me.”
Brian Murphy twice denied the striker and Bruce admitted he thought his second chance was going in.
“He was so unfortunate.
“The ball hits the boy on the top and rolls over the crossbar. Whether it's lucky or a good save I don't know.
“At least he had an effort on goal and created chances.
“First half I can't remember their goalkeeper doing anything so that pleased me.”
NEW YORK The New York Federal Reserve said on Friday it raised its outlook on U.S. gross domestic product in the first quarter and second quarter due to data that showed rising new home sales and durable goods orders earlier this week.
The regional central bank's "Nowcast" forecast program showed first-quarter GDP likely grew at a 2.70 percent pace versus the 2.65 percent rate calculated a week ago and second-quarter GDP was on track to expand at a 2.33 percent pace, compared with 2.06 percent a week ago.
(Reporting by Richard Leong)
GardaWorld, a global leader in comprehensive security and risk management, has made its weekly security report available to Iraq Business Newsreaders.
Prepared by GardaWorld's Risk Analysis Team in Iraq, this essential report includes short- and medium-term outlooks on the security situation, reports and commentary on recent significant events, and a detailed overview of developments across the country.
Please click here to download the latest report free of charge.
For more information on how GardaWorld's services can support your business in Iraq, please contact Daniel Matthews, Senior Director Iraq, at [email protected]
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF)- Most second graders bring valentines to school on February 14th, but one second grader at C.T. Walker Traditional Magnet School brought a loaded 9 mm handgun.
C.T. Walker is located on the 1300 of Wrightsboro Rd., between Mill St. and Blount Ave in Augusta. According to a letter sent home with students there, a second grader showed classmates a loaded 9 mm handgun they had brought to school in their backpack and allegedly threatened three teachers.
The incident happened before class Tuesday morning. One of the students who was shown the gun immediately told a teacher, who in turn immediately confiscated the backpack and took the child to the principle's office.
“I was shocked, really. Like a gun? In C.T. Walker? Like…I mean any elementary school, period, but to hear of it being a second grader…I'm disappointed,” said Ebonie Doughty, whose child is a student at the school.
The gun was secured with a lock. Gun locks are used prevent a child or unauthorized person from firing them.
No one was hurt. The letter sent home with students says the child was disciplined immediately and that Richmond County Board of Education police are investigating the incident. It also states that the owner of the gun will be charged.
The letter also says the child allegedly threatened three teachers.
“Second grade is pretty young,” said parent Marcus Lucachick. “I don't think he really understood the consequences of what he was doing.”
But one second grader we spoke to says he understands the gravity of firearms.
“I'm thinking that people shouldn't take guns to school,” the C.T. Walker student said. “‘Cause I really think that it's easy to shoot a gun.”
After officials were alerted of the incident and confiscated the gun, the Richmond County School system made phone calls to parents, saying their children would be sent home with a letter after school that required their attention.
“I think the staff handled this very well today,” Lucachick said.
But several parents we spoke to in the carpool line say they never received a call. We also spoke to a teacher who said she was never notified of the incident.
Neither the school's principle nor the Richmond County School System's spokesperson agreed to speak with NewsChannel 6.
But many parents we spoke to say the school system should not bear the blame in a case like this. They say responsibility begins at home.
“It's only so much you can do…once you realize what's going on, then you have to act and then notify everybody what's going on. But they…well, I still haven't gotten a notification yet, but them acting quickly and being able to confiscate it so that nothing happens, that's good,” Doughty said.
The principle stayed at the school throughout the afternoon to answer parents' questions.
The letter that went home with students also said the child was disciplined immediately and that Richmond County Board of Education police are investigating the incident.
C.T. Walker is among the top schools in the state. According to the Governor's office, C.T. Walker's overall performance score is higher than those of 93 percent of schools in Georgia.
Hot on the wings of RSPB Big Garden Birdwatch comes BTO National Nest Box Week.
The campaign, from February 14-21, aims to encourage everyone to put up nest boxes to promote conservation of the UK's breeding birds and wildlife.
The team at RHS Garden Harlow Carr has installed a webcam inside a nest box.
Andrew Willocks, Garden Team Leader at Harlow Carr said: “We're hoping to encourage either blue or great tits to take up residence.
“This new nest box is one of over 150 that have been placed in the garden over the past few years.
“We've also attracted wrens, tree sparrows, robins, song thrush, nuthatch and tawny owl to use the nest boxes in the gardens.”
Watch: Sydney CBD high-rise engulfed with flames after scaffolding catches on fire
Workers have described the speed with which building lit up - "You could see balls of hay catching on fire."
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
SHANGHAI, April 28 Hong Kong's benchmark stock index eased on Friday from the previous session's 20-month high that was aided by continuous money inflows from mainland China.
The Hang Seng index fell 0.3 percent, to 24,615.13, while the China Enterprises Index lost 0.4 percent, to 10,219.89 points.
For the week, the Hang Seng was up 2.4 percent, while the HSCE gained 1.8 percent.
On Friday, Chinese investors used roughly 14.2 of the daily quota buying Hong Kong stocks via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, compared with just 6.1 percent in the other direction.
Sector performance was mixed.
Materials and industrial shares rose, while financials and property shares fell. (Reporting by the Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
Jordanian residents of Jabir village watch aid deliveries to Syrians fleeing government offensive in the south as smoke from unknown fire rises, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. The UN says Syria government's Russian-backed offensive to recover southern territories from rebels has displaced 270,000 people, 60,000 of them headed near the sealed Jordanian borders. Raad Adayleh AP Photo
MILLINGTON (NNS) — The U.S. Navy set its sails toward Mobile, Alabama, to celebrate “Fat Tuesday” in the United States' oldest Carnival festival in conjunction with a port visit from guided-missile destroyer USS Mitscher (DDG 57) during Mobile Navy Week, Feb. 22-28.
Mobile Navy Week is designed to give area residents an opportunity to learn about the Navy, its people, and its importance to national security and prosperity.
“Our Sailors are extremely excited to visit Mobile and showcase just a small portion of our Navy's capabilities to the American public,” said Lt. David Carter, lead planner for Mobile Navy Week. “The pride and professionalism they'll display is just a snapshot of the larger U.S. Navy force that stands ready to carry out our nation's work across the globe daily.”
Navy Weeks focus a variety of outreach assets, equipment, and personnel on a single city for a weeklong series of engagements with key influencers and organizations representing all sectors of the market.
“It is an honor and privilege to come home and participate in Mobile Navy Week,” said Rear Adm. Thomas Ishee, deputy commander of Joint Functional Component Command for Global Strike. “In this challenging global environment, maintaining maritime superiority is important to protect America from attack and preserve our influence in the world. The citizens of Alabama and the city of Mobile understand the importance of a naval fleet that can operate decisively at home and abroad, and have helped America's Navy and our Sailors to be ready to answer the call to duty today and in the future.”
U.S. Navy's parachute team “Leap Frogs,” Navy Band Southeast's musical groups, Sailors from Ohio-class ballistic missile submarine USS Alabama (SSBN 731), Sailors from America's oldest commissioned Navy vessel USS Constitution, Seabees, Navy Oceanographic Office, and Explosive Ordnance Disposal Group (EODGRU) 2 will all be participating in Mobile Navy Week.
“The explosive ordnance disposal technicians and Navy divers of EODGRU2 are looking forward to bringing the expeditionary Navy to Mobile,” said Lt. Liza Dougherty, public affairs officer for EODGRU 2. “Whether it is through our comprehensive school program or walk-up displays at a variety of events around the city where members of the public can try on our gear, drive a robot, or interact with a diver in our dive tank, we're ready to engage and let folks know what their Navy is doing, and how Navy EOD and Navy divers are a part of that story every day.”
Throughout the Navy Week, Sailors from various commands will engage with local schools with the intention of focusing on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) education through a variety of interactive displays and Sailors currently working within those fields across the fleet.
Along with the demonstrations from EODGRU 2, Sailors from USS Alabama and future littoral combat ship USS Gabriel Giffords (LCS 10) are scheduled to participate in community relations events at local Boys and Girls Clubs, Habitat for Humanity, and Feeding the Gulf Coast Food Bank.
Navy Band Southeast's Sailors are scheduled to give musical performances at Mardi Gras Park, USS Alabama Battleship Park, as well as during several Mardi Gras parades.
The Leap Frogs are also scheduled to jump into action Thursday evening at Mardi Gras Park in downtown Mobile prior to the parade.
Navy Weeks also provide the unique opportunity to bring hometown Sailors back to the cities where they grew up, further strengthening the connection between the Navy and Navy Week city.
“As a Mobile native, I'm very excited to come back home and share some of the naval history and heritage I've encountered and been part of over the last 27 years,” said aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman (CVN 75) Command Master Chief Antonio Perryman. “I'm coming into town to represent the 3,300 Sailors I have the pleasure of leading each day, and hope my time in Mobile further sheds light on the pride and professionalism that exists across our entire Navy force.”
Since 2005, the Navy Week program has served as the Navy's signature outreach effort into areas of the country which do not have a significant Navy presence, with 195 Navy Weeks being held in 72 different U.S. cities.
Mobile Navy Week is the 1st of 15 Navy Weeks in 2017 which focus a variety of assets, equipment, and personnel on a single city for a weeklong series of engagements designed to bring America's Navy closer to the people it protects.
For more information and a full schedule of public events, visit http://www.outreach.navy.mil/.
For more information, visit www.navy.mil, www.facebook.com/usnavy, or www.twitter.com/usnavy.
For more news from Navy Office of Community Outreach (NAVCO), visit http://www.navy.mil/local/navco/.
April 20 Icar Asia Ltd
* Year to date 2017 cash collections were up 29% on a forex neutral basis versus prior year, totaling A$2.51 mln
* Strong increases in paid accounts up 25% year-on-year in total in March
* "in Q2 of year we will look to take a larger step into new car space" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Once the cameras stopped rolling, several of the show's stars were left severely injured and suffering from substance abuse problems.
TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States, Japan and South Korea will hold two days of missile tracking drills starting on Monday, Japan's Maritime Self-Defence Force said, as tensions rise in the region over North Korea's fast-developing weapons programmes.
The United States and South Korea conducted large-scale military drills last week, which the North said made the outbreak of war “an established fact”.
North Korea has fired missiles over Japan as it pursues nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in defiance of U.N. sanctions and international condemnation. On Nov. 29, it test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States.
This week's exercises will be the sixth drills sharing information in tracking ballistic missiles among the three nations, the defence force said.
It did not say whether the controversial THAAD system would be involved. The installation of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system in South Korea has angered China, which fears its powerful radar could look deep into China and threaten its own security.
North Korea's missile test last month prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea's leadership would be “utterly destroyed” if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests.
A U.S. Air Force F-35A Lightning II assigned to Hill Air Force Base, Utah, conducts a training flight with F-16 Fighting Falcons assigned to Kunsan Air Base, South Korea over the city of Gunsan, South Korea. Courtesy Josh Rosales/U.S. Air Force/via REUTERS
The United States has also pressured China and other nations to cut trade and diplomatic ties with North Korea, as part of international efforts to dry up Pyongyang's illegal cash flows that could fund its weapons programmes.
On Sunday, South Korea said it would impose new unilateral sanctions on 20 institutions and a dozen individuals in North Korea, barring any financial transactions between those sanctioned and any South Koreans.
“This unilateral sanction will prevent illegal funds flowing to North Korea and contribute to reinforce international communities' sanctions against North Korea,” South Korea's finance ministry said in a statement.
The move is largely symbolic as trade and financial exchanges between the two Koreas have been barred since May 2010 following the torpedoing of a South Korean warship, which the North denied.
Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said the ministry plans to include 730 million yen (£4.78 million) to help build a new missile interceptor system, the Aegis Ashore, in its next fiscal year budget request, public broadcaster NHK reported.
North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, Japan and the United States and says its weapons programmes are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency removed statistics about Puerto Rico's water and power access from its website with virtually no explanation.
As Puerto Rico remains in dire conditions following Hurricane Maria, it seems as though President Donald Trump wants to redirect the world's attention away from the United States territory's plight.
As of Thursday, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) website removed its statistics on water access and electricity in Puerto Rico.
Read More Trump Gives Condescending Speech, Throws Paper Towels At Puerto Ricans
Prior to pulling the information, FEMA was reporting that just half of Puerto Ricans had access to drinking water, while only 5 percent of the entire island had electricity, Uproxx reports.
William Booher, a spokesman for FEMA, reportedly pointed out that both calculations are still being reported on a website operated by the office of Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello; however, he offered no explanation as to why they were removed from FEMA's site.
Ironically enough, the bleak statistics were replaced by other numbers that appear to align with Trump's proclamations that the island is doing well and on the fast track to recovery.
The site now simply mentions the increased amount of federal works on the ground in both Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, cleared roadways, the reopening of airports, hospitals, grocery stores, and airports.
FEMA appears to be following Trump's lead in treating the displaced residents of Puerto Rico like forgotten Americans, presumably thinking that if they simply erase Puerto Rico's problems by removing them from the public eye, the outcry urging them to help will also cease.
Banner/Thumbnail Credit: Reuters, Carlos Barria
COLUMBIA - The Columbia Police Department said the Columbia Transit bus driver who hit and killed a pedestrian Monday morning is at fault.
The driver, 22-year-old Hamis Mukiwa, a part-time city employee, failed to yield while driving through a crosswalk, killing 66-year-old David C. Birkenbach.
Birkenbach was an employee at the Truman V.A. Hospital.
Below is an excerpt from the statement released by CPD:
"The crash occurred (at 8:07 a.m.) as the City of Columbia transit bus was turning left from Champions Drive to travel west on MO 740 (Stadium Boulevard). A flashing yellow left-turn-yield signal was present at the time the bus attempted the left turn. The bus struck the pedestrian, who was legally within the crosswalk, on the west side of the intersection (closer to Monk Drive) in the westbound MO 740 traffic lanes. The pedestrian was transported from the scene by EMS to a local hospital for life-threatening injuries. The pedestrian was later pronounced dead from injuries sustained."
"On behalf of the City of Columbia, we wish to express our heartfelt condolences to the family of the individual," said City Manager Mike Matthes. "We are working with the agencies investigating this tragic incident."
There were no reported injuries to the passengers on the bus. Another City of Columbia Transit Bus provided transportation to the passengers to the MU Student Union.
The driver of the bus was drug and alcohol screened immediately following the incident as per federal requirements. Results showed drugs and alcohol were not a factor. Mukiwa has been placed on leave without pay pending the outcome of the investigation.
Video from the bus cameras is being turned over to Columbia police to assist them with the investigation and reconstruction of the incident.
[Editor's note: This story was updated with the latest information.]
March 30 Midven SA:
* Said on Wednesday that it bought via its unit Midven Business Solutions Sp. z o.o., now renamed to Bookre Sp. z o.o., an organised part of a B2B company active in business travel segment
* Value of the transaction does not exceed 3 percent of Midven's own capital
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 3 Bigbloc Construction Ltd
* To consider proposal for expansion of AAC block business by setting up new AAC blocks plant at Valsad Source text: (bit.ly/2oPs2iH) Further company coverage:
LONDON Britain's healthcare cost-effectiveness watchdog NICE said on Tuesday that Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapy drug Opdivo was not worth using on the state health service for treating head and neck cancer due to its high price.
The draft decision from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) is the latest example of an expensive new cancer drug being spurned by the watchdog over cost issues.
Paul Workman, Chief Executive of the Institute of Cancer Research, said the decision would deny patients "a genuine breakthrough treatment" and he urged NICE and Bristol to work together to reach an agreement on price. Opdivo is also approved to treat a number of other cancers.
Britain has led the way in measuring drug cost-effectiveness in a rational and dispassionate way, following the establishment of NICE nearly two decades ago, but the system is now facing increasing financial strains.
(Reporting by Ben Hirschler, editing by Louise Heavens)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Charles Zoeller)
A man with a pipe bomb strapped to him set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour.
The man and three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack.
The explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway, which was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack.
“Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals,” de Blasio said.
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
Law enforcement officials said he was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said he lives in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind his back.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to his hands and abodmen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” she said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'”
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
Video from above the “Crossroads of the World” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
___
Associated Press writer Jake Pearson contributed to this report.
Colleen Long, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Police block off a sidewalk while responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan)
The logo of the Unilever group is seen at the Miko factory in Saint-Dizier, France, May 4, 2016. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer/File Photo
LONDON Unilever (ULVR.L) (UNc.AS) and Reckitt Benckiser Group (RB.L) have picked Morgan Stanley (MS.N) to advise on their planned food brand disposals, sources said on Thursday, giving the U.S. investment bank a seat at two of the consumer industry's most sought-after tables.
Unilever is also working with Goldman Sachs (GS.N) on the sale of its margarine and spreads business, according to the sources, who declined to be identified as both processes are private.
Officials at Unilever, Reckitt and Morgan Stanley declined to comment. Goldman was not immediately available to comment.
The appointments give a boost to Morgan Stanley, which has recently had some high-level departures, including this month's loss of Michele Colocci, chairman of M&A for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, to JP Morgan (JPM.N).
Morgan Stanley has also dropped to sixth place in first-quarter European M&A league tables from second in the year-earlier period, according to Thomson Reuters data. Still, it topped global M&A rankings in the first quarter, thanks to its North American franchise.
Unilever's spreads business, which could have a price tag of around 6 billion pounds, will be mainly pitched to private equity firms, the sources said, as they are likely to appreciate the business's strong profits despite sales that have fallen as people in developed markets eat less bread and margarine.
Unilever has already received calls from several such firms, Chief Financial Officer Graeme Pitkethly told Reuters in an interview last week.
In 2015, Unilever reorganised the spreads business into a separate entity, sparking widespread speculation it would be sold.
Unilever executives have since said they were assessing the business and working to stabilise its sales, and sources said Goldman was helping on the review. But Unilever did not officially announce a sale of the spreads business until last week as part of a radical review following February's unsolicited $143 billion takeover offer from Kraft Heinz (KHC.O).
Both banks have advised Unilever on deals in the past. For example, Morgan Stanley worked on the sale of Ragu and Bertolli sauces, while Goldman ran the sale of Wish-Bone salad dressings.
Morgan Stanley was also involved in Unilever's defence against Kraft, along with Centerview Partners, UBS (UBSG.S) and Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE).
While Unilever is the seller of spreads it could be a possible buyer for the smaller foods business being sold by rival Reckitt Benckiser. This business, centred around French's mustard in North America, could be worth roughly $3 billion, sources estimated.
Unilever already has the British and French mustard brands Colman's and Maille. Chief Executive Paul Polman signalled a possible interest when talking to reporters last week.
Sources have also said Reckitt's food business could make sense for McCormick (MKC.N), Hormel Foods (HRL.N) or Pinnacle Foods (PF.N) from the United States or Japan's Ajinomoto (2802.T). Kraft Heinz might have antitrust issues, one source said.
McCormick, Hormel, Ajinomoto and Kraft declined to comment, while Pinnacle was not immediately available to comment.
Reckitt confirmed earlier this month that it was exploring options for the business, which is not central to the company's ambitions in consumer healthcare and home products. Reckitt is expected to use proceeds of the sale to pay down debt following its $16.6 billion purchase of baby formula maker Mead Johnson (MJN.N).
(Additional reporting by Lauren Hirsch in New York and Anjuli Davies in London; Editing by Jane Merriman)
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — Former Obama White House counsel Gregory Craig has left his law firm, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, the firm told NBC News.
"You are welcome to report he is no longer with the firm," said a spokesperson in a statement.
His departure comes after he and his law firm became caught up in special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Alex van der Zwaan, who had been a lawyer in Skadden's London office, pleaded guilty to lying to prosecutors and the FBI about communications involving work the firm had been performing for the Russian-backed former Ukrainian president, whose party was paying Paul Manafort and Rich Gates.
Gates, a former Trump campaign aide, pleaded guilty to one charge of false statements and one charge of conspiracy in February and has agreed to cooperate with the Mueller probe. Manafort, former Trump campaign chair, has pleaded not guilty to charges that include money laundering and conspiracy.
President Barack Obama talks with White House Counsel Gregory Craig, after Craig, and other White House staff members were sworn-in on Jan. 21, 2009, in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in Washington. Ron Edmonds / AP file
It emerged in court hearings that Greg Craig was the senior partner overseeing the project. Craig was White House counsel from January 2009 to January 2010, when he went to work at Skadden. He also held several posts in the Clinton administration, and helped President Clinton coordinate his defense during his impeachment.
The 2012 report, commissioned by Manafort, was an effort to analyze the prosecution of an opposition politician, former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Human rights groups criticized the report as a white wash. Manafort and Gates used an offshore account to "funnel $4 million to pay for the report," according to court papers, which do not say how much of the $4 million went to Skadden.
Craig did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
FILE PHOTO - Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Office of Management and Budget director Mick Mulvaney arrive for a meeting about the American Health Care Act on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein/File Photo
WASHINGTON U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan's tax reform blueprint appears to be losing its status as the likely framework for the first major tax overhaul since 1986, with rival approaches emerging from the White House, Senate and other quarters in Congress.
Congressional aides, lobbyists and analysts say the changing focus could delay passage of a tax bill until late 2017 or 2018, potentially foiling Republican efforts to score a legislative victory for President Donald Trump by August, following last month's failed bill to repeal and replace Obamacare health insurance.
Like the healthcare bill, the House Republican tax blueprint stems from Ryan's "A Better Way" legislative agenda launched during the 2016 election campaign.
"The House can go and do what they want to do. We are going to formulate our own policies," White House budget director Mick Mulvaney told CNBC in an interview posted on the channel's website on Wednesday. "You will have a White House, Donald Trump tax plan that we are going to take down to the Hill and try and sell.
In the meantime, Senate Republicans are expected to review a 2015 tax package from former House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, as a starting point for their own tax legislation.
Members of the House Freedom Caucus, a bloc of conservative lawmakers that helped derail Ryan's healthcare bill, have also suggested that expanding the deficit to stave off adding new taxes could be acceptable.
"The blueprint was the Republican ideal, written as a campaign document. Now they're dealing with the realities of a closely divided Congress and a president who wants a win on this key, signature issue," said one business lobbyist, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
But Ryan is not giving up on the idea of forging agreement with the White House and Senate leaders.
"Our intention has always been and continues to be to coalesce around a unified GOP plan and those conversations continue," said his spokeswoman, AshLee Strong.
Business lobbyists and tax experts warn that a loss of focus could prove fatal for the tax overhaul effort, if the House blueprint disappears from the political stage.
"Right now the blueprint is the only plan we have. There's a great amount of uncertainty about how this would play out without it, or whether this would play out at all," said John Gimigliano, who heads federal legislative and regulatory services for the accounting and consulting group KPMG LLP.
Lawmakers on the House Ways and Means Committee say the blueprint's viability could become clearer next month, when the committee is expected to hold a series of public hearings and hopes to see a floor vote before the August congressional recess.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin met this month with a bipartisan group of House lawmakers about possibly including infrastructure spending in an administration tax package, a feature that is not part of the blueprint.
The House blueprint, which Ryan rolled out last June, would bring sweeping change to the U.S. tax code by slashing business tax rates by 15 percentage points, allowing companies to immediately write off capital investments and ending taxation of foreign profits of U.S.-based multinational corporations.
But its future has become clouded by mounting opposition to two provisions that would raise a combined $2.4 trillion to pay for those tax changes: a border adjustment tax, or BAT, that includes a new 20 percent import tax and the elimination of business deductions for interest payments.
Advocates of Ryan's plan say it would generate revenues that would help Congress avoid paying for tax cuts by expanding the national deficit.
(Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Julia Edwards Ainsley and Lisa Shumaker)
The Arizona Cardinals had another one of their free agents receive interest from another team. This time it is defensive tackle Xavier Williams, who is a restricted free agent.
According to ESPN's Field Yates, he visited the Kansas City Chiefs over the weekend.
Some restricted free agent intrigue: the Chiefs hosted Cardinals DT Xavier Williams on a visit this weekend, per source. If Williams signs elsewhere, the Cardinals can match or lose him for no compensation. — Field Yates (@FieldYates) March 18, 2018
Being a restricted free agent, the Cardinals still retain control of Williams. They gave him the low restricted free agent tender, which is worth more than $1.9 million for Williams. If another team signs Williams to an offer sheet, Arizona will have the opportunity to match the offer. Unlike higher tenders, if they opt not to match the offer, they will not receive compensation.
Williams played in 11 games and was inactive for five on a defensive line that was competitive for playing time. He had 25 tackles, three for a loss, half a sack and a forced fumble.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
CAIRO Egypt on Wednesday received the third batch of Rafale warplanes from France as part of a 5.2 billion euro ($5.5 billion) contract signed in 2015.
Cairo has sought to boost its military power in the face of years of insurgency in northern Sinai and fears the conflict in neighbouring Libya could spill over.
The deal includes 24 Rafale jets, France's first overseas export of the fighter jet made by Dassault Aviation SA, a Fremm naval frigate and MBDA air-to-air missiles.
Last year, Egypt also received the first of two French Mistral helicopter carriers and signed separate deals worth about 2 billion euros with France during a visit by French President Francois Hollande to Cairo.
($1 = 0.9392 euros)
(Reporting by Ali Abdelaty; Writing by Amina Ismail; Editing by Mark Potter)
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
* Asia ex-Japan set for 12.5 pct quarterly gain; Nikkei posts loss
* European stock markets set for flat to lower start
* China strong manufacturing, services data boost mainland stocks
* Dollar index higher but poised for quarterly loss
* Oil surrenders some gains made after Kuwait supply cut agreement
By Nichola Saminather
SINGAPORE, March 31 Asian shares fell on Friday as investors balanced positions on the last day of the quarter.
The dollar rose on positive U.S. economic growth data and the euro was flat after overnight losses on figures suggesting slowing expansion in Europe.
European shares were headed for a muted start, with financial spreadbetters expecting Britain's FTSE 100 to open 0.3 percent lower, France's CAC 40 to start the day down 0.1 percent and Germany's DAX to be little changed.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan retreated 0.55 percent. The benchmark is up 12.5 percent for the quarter.
Hong Kong shares fell 0.6 percent, but were still headed for a 9.8 percent quarterly jump.
"Asia saw some pretty healthy profit-taking after a few sessions of solid gains, and as investors await Eurozone and U.S. inflation data tonight," said James Woods, global investment analyst at Rivkin Securities in Sydney.
China's CSI 300 index bucked to trend to add 0.4 percent, putting it on track for a 4.2 percent quarterly rise.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector expanded at the fastest pace in nearly 5 years in March, beating expectations, an official survey showed on Friday.
The data came as U.S. President Donald Trump foreshadowed a tense meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping next week by tweeting on Thursday that the U.S. could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
Trump will also sign executive orders on Friday aimed at identifying abuses that are causing the deficits and clamping down on non-payment of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports, his top trade officials said.
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday that China does not have a policy to devalue its currency to promote exports, and neither does it seek a trade surplus with the United States.
U.S. stock futures were down between 0.2 and 0.3 percent in Asian trade.
Japan's Nikkei reversed gains to close down 0.8 percent as markets digested data that showed Japanese core consumer prices rose 0.2 percent in February. While that is the fastest annual pace in nearly two years, household spending and consumer inflation remained subdued when the effect of rising energy costs was stripped out.
The Japanese benchmark was down 1.1 percent for the first quarter.
The South African rand dropped to a two-month low after President Jacob Zuma sacked and replaced both the finance and deputy finance ministers in a cabinet reshuffle after days of speculation that has rocked the country's markets and currency.
The weakened rand saw the dollar up 1.7 percent at 13.5098 rand, on track to end the week almost 9 percent higher.
Overnight, all three major Wall Street indexes closed about 0.3 percent higher after fourth-quarter annualized growth in U.S. gross domestic product was revised up from the previously reported figure.
The upbeat data also helped lift the dollar.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six peers, rose 0.1 percent to 100.54, after hitting a two-week high on Thursday. Despite this week's gains - it is up almost 1.7 percent since Monday's four-month low - the greenback is set to end the quarter 1.6 percent lower.
The dollar was steady at 111.885 yen after Thursday's 0.9 percent jump, but is heading for a 4.2 percent quarterly decline.
Markets are looking to U.S. personal consumption data for February later on Friday, a measure of potential inflation watched by the Federal Reserve.
Nervousness could return to U.S. markets on news Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, has offered to testify before congressional committees probing possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, his lawyer said on Thursday.
"Looking forward, this is important," said Angus Gluskie, managing director at White Funds Management in Sydney. "As markets have shown over recent weeks, if Trump's position is undermined by security issues or a reticent right wing Congress, investors are likely to respond negatively."
The euro was flat at $1.0676 after Thursday's 0.8 percent tumble. The common currency is on track to post a gain of 0.9 percent for March and 1.45 percent for the quarter.
Data showed German and Spanish consumer inflation slowed more than expected in March, disappointing investors who were hoping for a wind-down of the European Central Bank's monetary stimulus.
In commodities, U.S. crude slipped 0.5 percent to $50.09 a barrel. On Thursday, it closed 1.7 percent higher after zipping to a three-week-high earlier in the session after Kuwait backed an extension of OPEC production cuts.
It is heading for a 6.7 percent loss for the quarter.
Global benchmark Brent slid 0.7 percent to $52.64 a barrel and is on track for a 7.4 percent decline for the quarter.
Gold pulled back 0.1 percent to $1,241.81 an ounce, extending Thursday's 0.7 percent loss on the dollar's strength, but remains set for a 7.85 percent quarterly gain. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Eric Meijer)
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Maria Lasitskene became the first Russian to win a gold medal at the World Championships in London after successfully defending her high jump title on Saturday.
The 24-year-old, competing as an authorised neutral athlete, stretched her unbeaten streak to 25 competitions by clearing 2.03 metres to triumph in the London Stadium.
Having already secured gold, Lasitskene tried to beat the Russian national record and her own personal best by jumping 2.08m but she failed on all three attempts.
Yuliia Levchenko of Ukraine won her first major global medal by taking silver after clearing a personal best height of 2.01m, while Kamila Licwinko of Poland, who cleared 1.99m, won bronze. (Reporting by Christian Radnedge; editing by Ken Ferris)
Over 20 thousand kwacha has been realized by Eastern Water and Sewerage Company, EWSC from 32 customers, who owed the company and had to be visited by the bailiffs.
Company Public Relations Officer Christabel Malama says the company engaged bailiffs two weeks ago, and that 90 per cent of those visited have cleared their water bills.
She says the exercise is being conducted in eight districts in the province, Chadiza, Chama, Chipata, Katete, Petauke, Nyimba, Lundazi and Mambwe.
Ms. Malama says the affected customers are those who have standing water bills for over two months.
She says over 500 customers were issued with warrants from bailiffs.
She adds that the company has in the recent years not managed to collect revenue from all customers, an action that has culminated in the debt of 9.6 million kwacha of unpaid water and sewerage services.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new weather warning has been issued for Birmingham on Tuesday - and this is the hour-by-hour forecast for the city tomorrow.
The fresh alert comes into effect on Tuesday for the West Midlands region.
The agency is warning ice could spark traffic and chaos for commuters on the second day of the working week.
It comes after a hellish two weeks for Birmingham in terms of weather.
The city has been pummelled by the Beast from the East - and then the Beast from the East part 2 over this weekend.
Some stores even ran out of supplies, while flights were grounded at airports across the country.
Running events - like the Coventry Half Marathon - were cancelled, causing a frustration to runners.
And football matches across the UK had to be played out on snowy pitches with specially drawn lines.
And on Tuesday, the Met Office warns "ice is likely to form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths".
They add: "This increases the risk of accidents, as well as injuries from slips and falls."
The alert will end at 9am on Tuesday.
The Chief Forecaster adds: "After a clear start in many areas with the temperature falling below freezing through Monday evening, it will turn cloudier from the north, with the possibility of some wintry showers in places.
"The temperature may come back above freezing in some places for a time, but will fall below again where the cloud breaks.
"Therefore, ice is likely to form where untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths are left wet after snow melts during the day, or partly melted snow refreezes, and where wintry showers occur overnight."
Time Weather Temperature Feels like 00:00TUE Mostly Cloudy 1 -3 01:00TUE Cloudy 1 -2 02:00TUE Cloudy 1 -2 03:00TUE Cloudy 2 -2 04:00TUE Cloudy 1 -2 05:00TUE Mostly Cloudy 1 -3 06:00TUE Partly Cloudy 1 -3 07:00TUE Partly Cloudy 1 -3 08:00TUE Partly Cloudy 2 -2 09:00TUE Partly Cloudy 3 -1 10:00TUE Mostly Cloudy 4 0 11:00TUE Cloudy 5 2 12:00TUE Cloudy 6 2 13:00TUE Cloudy 6 3 14:00TUE Cloudy 6 3 15:00TUE Cloudy 6 4 16:00TUE Cloudy 6 4 17:00TUE Cloudy 6 4 18:00TUE Cloudy 6 4 19:00TUE Mostly Cloudy 4 2 20:00TUE Mostly Cloudy 3 1 21:00TUE Mostly Cloudy 2 -1 22:00TUE Partly Cloudy 1 -1
What the colours mean
Warren Gatland's first game in charge of Wales came a decade ago, at Twickenham, where at the time Wales had not won for 20 years.
Tries back in 1988 were worth four points and the home of English rugby was about half today's size when Adrian Hadley's brace clinched an 11-3 result.
The Welsh crop of 2008 had been knocked out of the Rugby World Cup in the group stages by Fiji and were under new management.
Four wins later and Wales had gone from being dumped out of the Rugby World Cup to Grand Slam champions.
Advertisement
The winning formula was a combination of Gatland's work ethic and direct approach with his players.
Should Gatland leave Wales after the 2019 Rugby World Cup as expected, then Wales' visit to Twickenham this month will be his last in charge.
Three Six Nations titles in six years during 2008-13, including two Grand Slams, plus a Rugby World Cup semifinal appearance in 2011 have cemented his status as the most successful Wales coach of all time.
Those achievements, more wrongly than rightly, have been recently overshadowed by criticism of Wales' struggling attack and failure to defeat Australia, New Zealand and until recently South Africa.
Yet compare where Wales stand now with January 2008 and Gatland has executed a phenomenal transformation.
"We're a strange old bunch in Wales. He has been the most successful coach hands down," said Martyn Williams, Wales' most capped back row forward with 100.
"I think he said at his first meeting, 'from the outside, Wales look a bit boom or bust. I want to be competitive consistently.'
"I think he's done that. We have a small player base and I think he has brought a mental toughness to us that wasn't there before. His legacy speaks for itself."
"He has grabbed Wales by the scruff of the neck and given us a sense of identity, a game plan. He has turned us into an incredibly professional, fit, physical team," said former Wales centre Tom Shanklin.
"But it has not all gone to plan. There's a clear change of philosophy now in terms of how he wants the team to play. If you look back, that maybe should have happened three years ago. The highs, however, massively outweigh the lows."
To get the day's top sports stories in your inbox, sign up to our newsletter here
OUDENAARDE, Belgium Philippe Gilbert became the first Belgian in five years to win a major classic after a gutsy attack with about 50 kilometres left earned him victory in a crash-hit Tour of Flanders on Sunday.
The Quick Step Floors rider, wearing the Belgian champion's black, yellow and red jersey, powered away in the cobbled ascent of the Oude Kwaremont and never looked back to clinch his third 'Monument' classic after titles in the Tour of Lombardy (2009, 10)and Liege-Bastogne-Liege (2011).
Pre-race favourites Peter Sagan, the world champion, and Greg van Avermaet, the Olympic champion, crashed with Oliver Naesen 17km from the finish when Slovakian Sagan hit a barrier on the side of the road.
Van Avermaet (BMC) finished second and Dutchman Niki Terpstra (Quick Step Floors) took third place.
Belgian Tom Boonen (Quick Step Floors), a three-times Tour of Flanders winner who will end his career in next Sunday's Paris-Roubaix, suffered a mechanical fault that dashed his hopes of a fourth title.
Boonen was the last Belgian to win a Monument when he claimed the Paris-Roubaix title in 2012.
Team Sky and Quick Step accelerated in the punishing cobbled ascent of the Kapelmuur some 95 km from the finish, splitting the peloton with Sagan, Van Avermaet and Degenkolb trapped behind.
Fourteen men -- including Boonen and Gilbert -- broke away and caught the eight early breakaway riders with 65 km left.
The main group came close at the foot of the Oude Kwaremont but Gilbert attacked in the cobbled ascent, 54km from the line, and built a 20-second advantage over the select group with the peloton at 50 seconds.
The pack reined in the fugitives with under 50km left with only Gilbert in front with a 40-second advantage.
Fabio Felline and Dylan van Baarle chased Gilbert, and defending champion Sagan jumped away from the main group in the ascent of the Taaienberg with four riders, including Van Avermaet, on his tail.
With 33 km left there were seven chasing Gilbert who had a one-minute lead.
Sagan accelerated in the last climb of the day, up the Paterberg, but his front wheel clipped a barrier and he took Belgians Van Avermaet and Naesen in his fall.
Van Avermaet, however, was quickly back on his bike to contest the sprint for second.
American Coryn Rivera upset the pre-race favourites to win the women's race in a tight sprint earlier on Sunday.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Clare Lovell)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
March 30 DTEK:
* Said on Wednesday entered into an override agreement which governs the long-term restructuring of the Group's bank debt with a vast majority of its existing lenders
* The Override Agreement overrides and amends the terms of the vast majority of the Group's facilities; in particular it extends the maturity of the Overridden Facilities to June 30, 2023
* Principal indebtedness will be repaid as follows: $60 million in 2017, $40 million in 2018, $80 million in 2019,$80 million in 2020, $ 80 million in 2021, $ 80 million in 2022 and all remaining outstanding debt and accrued PIK in 2023
* The interest rate on each Overridden Facility is the aggregate of 5 pct p.a. and EURIBOR/LIBOR as applicable, with cash interest to be paid monthly as follows: 51 pct of the interest accrued in 2017 and 2018, 60 pct of the interest accrued in 2019, 70 pct of the interest accrued in 2020, 79 pct of the interest accrued in 2021, 88 pct of the interest accrued in 2022 and 100 pct of the interest accrued in 2023
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
ANKARA: Donald Trump called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to congratulate him on winning a referendum granting him sweeping new powers that exposed bitter divisions in the country.
The White House said they also discussed a US missile strike in Syria and the fight against the Islamic State group.
Trump's congratulations on Monday were in contrast with EU leaders who have been reserved in their reaction to the narrow victory and even his own State Department, which earlier noted concerns expressed by international observers over the “uneven playing field”.
Returning in triumph to his presidential palace in Ankara, Erdoğan angrily rejected the criticism, telling the monitors: “Know your place.”
The referendum was seen as crucial not just for shaping Turkey's political system but also the future strategic direction of a nation that has been a NATO member since 1952 and a European Union hopeful for half a century.
Showing no sign of pulling his punches, Erdoğan said Turkey could hold further referendums on its EU bid and re-introducing the death penalty.
The “Yes” camp won 51.41 percent in Sunday's referendum, according to complete results released by election authorities.
But the opposition immediately cried foul, claiming a clean vote would have made a difference of several percentage points and handed them victory.
The main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) and the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) said they would challenge the results from most ballot boxes due to alleged violations.
“There is only one decision to ease the situation in the context of the law — the Supreme Election Board (YSK) should annul the vote,” the Dogan news agency quoted CHP deputy leader Bulent Tezcan as saying.
The referendum has no “democratic legitimacy”, HDP spokesman and lawmaker Osman Baydemir told reporters in Ankara.
There were protests in Istanbul with a few thousand people crowding the anti-Erdogan Besiktas and Kadikoy districts, blowing whistles and chanting “We are shouldered to shoulder against fascism”.
‘Unlevel playing field'
The opposition had already complained of an unfair campaign that saw the “Yes” backers swamp the airwaves and use billboards across the country in a saturation advertising campaign.
International observers agreed the campaign was conducted on an “unlevel playing field” and that the vote count itself was marred by procedural changes that removed key safeguards.
“The legal framework… remained inadequate for the holding of a genuinely democratic referendum,” the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR) and the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) monitors said in a statement.
The Turkish opposition was particularly incensed by a decision by the YSK to allow voting papers without official stamps to be counted, which they said opened the way for fraud.
“Late changes in counting procedures removed an important safeguard,” said Cezar Florin Preda, head of the PACE delegation.
But Erdoğan said Turkey had no intention of paying any attention to the monitors' report.
He added: “This country held the most democratic polls that have never been seen in any other country in the West.”
‘End of the dream'
Erdoğan earlier congratulated cheering supporters at Ankara's airport for “standing tall” in the face of the “crusader mentality” of the West.
Getting back to business as usual, his cabinet swiftly extended by another three months the already nine month state of emergency imposed after last July's failed coup.
There were also signs of a looming crisis with the EU.
Erdoğan reaffirmed he would now hold talks on reinstating capital punishment — a move that would automatically end Turkey's EU bid — and would hold a referendum if it did not get enough votes in parliament to become law.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said that if Ankara were to bring back the death penalty, the move would be “synonymous with the end of the European dream”.
In an interview in the Bild newspaper to be published Tuesday, he warned Turkey that “joining would not work right now”.
Erdoğan said Turkey could hold a referendum on the membership bid. “What George, Hans or Helga say does not interest us,” he said, using typical European names.
‘Big cities say No'
Turkey's new political system is due to come into effect after elections in November 2019, although Erdoğan is expected to rapidly rejoin the ruling Justice Development Party (AKP) he founded but had to leave when he became president.
It would dispense with the prime minister's post and centralize the entire executive bureaucracy under the president, giving Erdoğan the direct power to appoint ministers.
Erdoğan's victory was far tighter than expected, emerging only after several nail-biting hours late Sunday which saw the “No” result dramatically catch up.
Turkey's three largest cities — Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir — all voted “No” although “Yes” prevailed in Erdoğan's Anatolian heartland. AFP
AFP/CC
Transition House family homeless shelter is one of nine Santa Barbara area nonprofits in the running to be the 2012 beneficiary of the Santa Barbara Triathlon, which takes place the weekend of Aug. 24-26.
The winning nonprofit will receive all event proceeds, which could be up to $50,000, raised by participating athletes and volunteers. The presenting sponsor of the Santa Barbara Triathlon is Montecito Bank & Trust.
“We have notified our supporters of this great opportunity, encouraging them to go online and vote for us,” Transition House grants manager Christienne Durbin said. “We have seen a great increase in the number of families seeking shelter since the housing and financial crises began — families that never thought they would someday need our services. The proceeds from the triathlon could help so many of our neighbors get back on their feet.”
Voting ends Tuesday, Nov. 29. Transition House was third in the voting last year.
Votes can be accepted online at www.montecito.com (just follow the links to vote) and at local branches of Montecito Bank & Trust.
For more information, call Durbin at 805.966.9668 x107.
— Christienne Durbin is a grants manager for Transition House.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
A high profile probe of top military chiefs in Nigeria maybe looming following allegations of corruption and fraud in the procurement of arms, ammunition and other hardware for the military fighting Boko Haram insurgence in the North East, FrontiersNews has reported.
Investigations by the online newspaper revealed that the scale of the alleged fraud and corruption cuts across all the services and the defense sector involving contract splitting using third party contractors in the execution of major procurements.
In 2015 that President Buhari had warned defence and service chiefs to refrain from awarding contracts or having any direct dealings with contractors but rather engage government to government in procurement of arms, ammunition and other key procurements for the armed forces.
Investigations have revealed that rather than adhere to the president's directives, military chiefs have been engaging third party indigenious contractors in the procurement of arms and ammunitions as well as other key military hardware for soldiers in the line of battle.
It would be recalled that shortly after the inauguration of the present administration, in 2015, President Buhari instituted a probe into the procurement of arms and ammunition by past administrations and the interim report of the Committee on Audit of Defence Equipment procurement in the Armed Forces from 2007-2015, reveled grand corruption and fraud in the procurement process. The outcome of the report led to the indictment, arrests, detentions and prosecutions of former defence and service chiefs, military top brass and politicians in the country.
The paper's investigations revealed that today, the “business as usual syndrome” has gradually crept back into the procurement process in the military where disregard for due process was the order of the day.
“Heads will roll very soon because some of the military chiefs are doing what landed their predecessors in EFCC custody and prosecution. I can tell you that due process is not being followed in the award and execution of contracts in the military today. Contract splitting is rife and it is sad that we are back to the days of the past in the procurement of arms and ammunitions in the country,” a top security source told the newspaper in confidence.
The source lamented that the top military chiefs have gone back to using corrupt and indicted contractors who were involved in the massive fraud and corruption during the past government in executing keys procurement for the military.
“You find these people splitting contracts into smaller units convenient for them to collect kick backs instead of following the laid down directives of the President. The military and defence chiefs were directed to avoid dealing with contractors directly, instead they were instructed to deal directly with manufacturers through government to government. The reasons for this is to avoid the corruption that characterized the procurement process in the past but today what you find is military chiefs dealing directly with third party contractors. This is fueling massive fraud and corruption in the procurement process. Contracts are being inflated and backdoor deals common place,” the source lamented.
Another of the source who expressed bitterness with the way things have turned out in the military procurement process said “The exercise is killing Nigeria because the contractors these people engage bring in nonsense equipment thereby endangering the lives of our soldiers and the people they are supposed to protect. Apart from the risk involved, the use of third party procurement agents are helping to destroy the nation's defence industry. The president must not allow this to continue if he is really serious about fighting corruption in the country”.
“It is sad that we are back to the days of impunity in the procurement of arms and ammunition,” the source said adding that “what some of these people do is get these contractors on the agreement that they are Nigeria contractors and engage them to procure military pieces of hardware on behalf of the services. They inflate the contracts over and above the prices quoted by the direct manufacturers. A military hardware that would ordinarily cost $1000 from the direct manufacture by using third party contractor such equipment could go as high as $50,000. What they do afterward is go directly to the manufacturers to procure that equipment at the procurement price and split the difference with the contractors. It is said and it must be investigated by the government”.
The source said what is fueling the contract splitting and backdoor deals “is primarily because some of those heading the services know that their stay in office is tenure-based and want to maximize the use of their positions for personal gains while in office”.
One of the sources noted that “as long as this continues, the Federal Government would not be able to fight insurgency in the North-east. As am I talking to you now, soldiers are complaining of lack of ammunition and those in their possession are substandard. These arms and ammunitions are procured from China and Belarus. It is said that because of money, senior military officers are risking the lives of soldiers and Nigerians living in those areas”.
A BALMAIN EAST harbour view apartment has been snapped up prior to auction for $1.27 million, well above the property's initial guide of $1.15 million.
The two-bedroom, one-bathroom unit at 28/2 Pearson St had 21 groups inspect the home and seven contracts handed out.
SIGN UP FOR THE NSW REAL ESTATE NEWSLETTER HERE
It attracted a number of out of area buyers and was bought by an investor from Neutral Bay.
It sold through Belle Property Balmain's Monique Dower and Madeleine Russell.
“We negotiated with two parties in total to secure the sale — the other party was a couple from Springwood in the Blue Mountains,” Ms Dower said.
The property has an expected rental return of $680-$700 per week.
(Adds U.S. stock futures, updates prices)
* Main European markets dip in early trade
* Drops in iPhone, U.S. auto sales weigh ahead of jobs data
* Fed statement eyed for signal of June rate hike
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON, May 3 Falls in iPhone and U.S. car sales helped beat European stock markets back from 20-month highs on Wednesday while the dollar inched up as investors priced in a greater chance of further tightening of U.S. monetary policy next month.
Falls in the price of copper and iron ore fed in to a broadly flatter global mood and Wall Street was set to open lower, adding to a run of steady losses since the settling of nerves over French elections a week ago.
The surprise fall in Apple's iPhone sales in the first quarter and drops in units sold by Ford and General Motors added to nerves about the durability of U.S. growth after a batch of shakier economic data last month.
"These numbers point to U.S. consumers becoming more cautious and do seem like a source of some of the weakness today," said Andy Sullivan, a portfolio manager with GL Asset Management UK in London. "Autos, tech and basic resources are leading Europe lower."
By 1134 GMT, the STOXX 600 index of leading European shares was down 0.15 percent. France's CAC 40 and Germany's DAX fell 0.25 and 0.1 percent respectively while the resource-heavy FTSE 100 dipped 0.3 percent.
After a mixed Asian session, with a number of major markets closed, the MSCI global share index was marginally lower on the day.. U.S. futures dipped by 0.1-0.2 percent .
Since December, the U.S. Federal Reserve has finally begun to deliver on long-disappointed expectations of a steady rise in borrowing costs and an increase in official rates in June is now 65 percent priced in by markets, according to Reuters data.
But economic numbers in the past month have been less convincing, and the latest gains for global share prices look as much the product of an improving recovery in Europe as the U.S.-based optimism that dominated the end of last year.
That raises the question, ahead of the Fed's May policy decision later on Wednesday, of how much the world's largest economy is capable of stomaching tighter monetary conditions without a boost from tax cuts or new public spending.
Satoshi Okagawa, senior global markets analyst for Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation in Singapore, said the weak U.S. auto sales could make market participants wary of actively buying the dollar against the yen for now.
"Concerns about geopolitical risks such as North Korea had weighed on the dollar against the yen recently ... But the focus is shifting to whether the (strength) of U.S. economic fundamentals is for real," he said.
"There is more data coming up including the jobs data, so those need to be watched closely," he added, referring to the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report due on Friday.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of trade-weighted peers, rose 0.1 percent to 99.069.
It gained around 0.2 percent against the yen and the euro on the day but remained below highs hit over the past week.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Nichola Saminather in Singapore; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Jason Hunter, 29, of Goleta, was charged with DUI causing injury after the crash at El Sueno Road near Santa Barbara
Two Santa Barbara police officers suffered minor injuries Thursday night when their SUV was struck by a vehicle that veered out of control as it was exiting Highway 101, according to the California Highway Patrol.
The Subaru Outback that left the freeway at El Sueno Road was driven by Jason Hunter, 29, of Goleta, who was highly intoxicated at the time, according to Officer James Richards.
Hunter, who suffered minor injuries in the crash, was arrested for allegedly driving under the influence of alcohol causing injury, Richards said. Bail was set at $100,000.
The collision occurred just after 11 p.m. as Officers Craig Rullman and Andrew Merrett were southbound on Calle Real, returning from a prisoner transport to the nearby Santa Barbara County Jail, Richards said.
As the officers crossed the intersection with the northbound El Sueno Road offramp, Hunter was exiting the highway, but failed to negotiate the sharp curve in the roadway and struck the concrete divider.
The officers and another witness reported the Subaru was partially airborne when it broadsided the officers' Ford Escape.
The force of the impact upended the Escape, pushing it into an oncoming Pontiac before the Escape came to rest on its side.
The SUV's airbags deployed, trapping the officers inside, while the Subaru came to rest on its roof, with the driver unconscious inside.
A passer-by climbed onto the side of the Escape and assisted the officers out of the vehicle, after which the trio went to help the unconscious Subaru driver.
Hunter was transported to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital, as were the two officers, and all were treated and released.
The driver of the Pontiac, Cecelia Delila Juaez, 41, and her passenger, Stephanie C. Juarez, 19, both of Santa Barbara, escaped injury, Richards said.
Hunter registered a .16/.17-percent blood-alcohol level less than two hours after the crash, Santa Barbara police Sgt. Riley Harwood said. That amount is twice the level at which a driver is considered drunk under California law.
The intersection as well as the off- and onramps to the highway were closed for about 2½ hours as physical evidence was collected.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Tourism Ireland is planning to capitalise on an EastEnders spin-off that was filmed in Ireland.
Redwater, which centres on Albert Square favourites Kat and Alfie Moon, was shot in Dunmore East in Co Waterford when the country was bathed in weeks of near unbroken sunshine last June.
Tourism Ireland is lining up a publicity blitz as millions of soap fans in Britain are expected to tune in for the latest twists for the couple
The agency's half a million social media followers over the Irish Sea will also be targeted as the six-part series shows the sunny southeast living up to its name.
“It's another great way to highlight the beautiful scenery of Ireland to millions of people across Britain, inspiring them to put Ireland on their holiday wish list for 2017,” a spokeswoman for Tourism Ireland said.
BBC One's Redwater tells the story of Kat and Alfie, played by soap stars Jessie Wallace and Shane Richie, after they arrive in the tiny, fictional seaside village in Ireland to search for Kat's long lost son.
It is due to air in the spring.
Buried
While the producers have remained tight-lipped over the storyline it is billed as a quest for truth that the locals would rather remain buried.
Danish director Jesper Nielsen, whose credits include Borgen, is directing the cameras while the series was written by former EastEnders boss Dominic Treadwell-Collins.
Redwater also stars homegrown stars such as Maria Doyle Kennedy, Fionnula Flanagan, Ian McElhinney, Angeline Ball, Peter Campion and Stanley Townsend.
The producers are understood to be conscious not to portray Ireland as a backwater, after a mistake almost 20 years ago on one of the few occasions when EastEnders was taken out of Albert Square.
Three episodes were based here in 1997 and led to hundreds of complaints and a near diplomatic fallout over images of wild animals on the streets and drunk and disorderly behaviour. – (Press Association)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
DATV's longest-running LGBTQ
public access show
Ms. Demure's variety show format includes everything from sketches and interviews,
to singing and baking.
By Tim Smith
Since the dawn of cable television, public access stations have given local talk show wannabes a free forum to strut their stuff. With the internet explosion of services like YouTube and Vimeo, stardom has come easier, no matter the degree of talent. One Dayton resident, while finding fame online, has remained true to their hometown roots.
Ms. Demure is the host of Harper's Bazarroworld, which is the oldest GLBT public access variety talk show in the United States. It can be seen every Saturday evening on Dayton Access Television (DATV). Ms. Demure describes the show as sort of cross between The Carol Burnett Show and Merv Griffin's legendary daytime talkfest.
“It's a combo concept,” she says. “My father and I, the way we bonded when I was growing up, every Friday night we'd watch the late, late show with the classic movies. Then I watched the variety shows that were on TV all the time, like Carol Burnett. That was my big influence. I'm just doing what I love and what I loved watching when I was growing up.”
Harper's Bazarroworld Presents The Ms. Demure Show officially launched in 2001. According to Ms. Demure, the concept was ahead of its time.
“Public access TV is the original social media,” she says. “It was crazy when I first came down here and it was a bit of a shock. I saw an ad when it was still Time Warner Cable, offering public access TV spots. I went to school for broadcasting and I thought I'd give it a try. It was a bit off-putting at first, a show starring a drag performer. I hadn't seen anything like that since the early 90's with RuPaul, and most people around here hadn't seen anything like this before. When we broadcast that first show, it got lots and lots of airplay and people began requesting it and we've gone on since then.”
The variety show concept blends hometown spirit with musical entertainment. The goal is to include something for everyone.
“I've interviewed a lot of performers from RuPaul's Drag Race, to Richard Pryor, Jr., and a lot of local and state politicians,” she says. “I've also had kids on my show. I remember back in 2011, I had an Easybake oven contest. The Easybake oven has been a part of my show from the beginning. I had the kids on the show do a bake-off, the girls versus the boys. My show is very old-fashioned. The only difference is that I do
it in drag.”
Ms. Demure is cognizant of the socio-political impact of a show hosted by a drag performer, and often takes advantage of it to push the cause of diversity and tolerance.
Harper's Bazarroworld (a play on the magazine Harper's Bazaar and Superman's Bizarro universe) has gained attention outside of the local market and has picked up a few awards along the way.
“After the second or third year, I heard about a lot of producers branching out,” she says. “If you could find a sponsor outside of the area, they would pick up the VHS tapes then return them when they were done. I did Cincinnati, then I tried Columbus. I've won the Roxie L. Cole Award of Excellence, which represents non-conformist ideas. I've also won two Philo Farnsworth Awards, and earned a couple of honorable mentions for homegrown video. About a year and a half ago I entered my show in the Guinness Book of World Records. I didn't win the honor because there isn't a category for a show
like mine.”
Ms. Demure has found the climate in the Gem City to be very accepting of her particular brand of entertainment.
“Dayton is very liberal,” she says. “It's the surrounding cities that are a lot more conservative. DATV reaches about forty-thousand households, and about half of those watch my show. Then you've got social media. I think social media has taken my show to a whole new level, and I go out of my way to promote. What I usually do is promote on Instagram, which is connected to Twitter, which is connected to Facebook. When I'm putting something on there, it goes to all three outlets at the same time. There are just so many more ways to connect with people these days,” she adds.
“I've always been very political on my show,” she says. “Even though it's a lighthearted show, sometimes I'll do something a little political to remind people that we want to keep the momentum going. That's very important. I believe in putting yourself out there with class and dignity and just showing everyone that we're just like everyone else. In 2003, I interviewed a little person in Cincinnati, and her father had been one of the Munchkins in The Wizard of Oz. And I said ‘All people should be treated with dignity and class, including little people.' She looked at me and said ‘Who are you calling little?' What a laugh we got!”
The Ms. Demure Show can be seen on DATV, Spectrum Cable Channel 6, on Saturday nights at 9:00 p.m., with a repeat showing on Thursday nights. For more information, visit DATV.org, or Harpersbazarroworld.facebook.com.
Twelve people have been confirmed killed in a huge fire that ripped through a west London tower block yesterday, but police expect the death toll to rise.
Here is everything you need to know about the fire.
Where was the fire?
It took place in the 24-storey Grenfell Tower in Kensington, West London. The residential highrise was built in 1974 and contains 120 homes.
The fire broke out shortly before 1 am, with London Fire Brigade saying it was called at 12.54 am.
Advertisement
According to several witnesses, the blaze started on one side of the tower block, before sweeping around the building and engulfing it in flames from the second to the top floor.
× Getty Images
What caused it?
The cause of the fire is so far unknown, but residents had previously raised concerns that a 'catastrophic' event could happen. An action group of Grenfell residents said their warnings fell on "deaf ears" after highlighting safety concerns about the block.
The group said there was one entry and exit to Grenfell Tower during improvement works at the block in Latimer Road and it had issues with evacuation procedures at the building.
Following the fire, the group posted: "All our warnings fell on deaf ears and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time."
There are five theories being widely speculated on.
1. Gas explosion - Residents said refurbishment work had recently been carried out with work on the gas supply to the flats.
2. Faulty fridge - Witnesses described hearing one distressed resident apparently telling neighbours his faulty fridge caused the blaze.
3. Faulty wiring - One of the safety issues they highlighted was faulty wiring and said a disaster cause by the problem was narrowly averted four years ago.
4. Cladding on outskirts - Grenfell Tower was fitted with zinc rainscreen cladding and glazed curtain walling after a £10 million refurbishment. Experts have claimed this could have exacerbated the spread of the fire.
5. Lack of sprinklers/exits - Labour MP Jim Fitzpatrick said the Government has resisted calls to install sprinkler systems in high-rise blocks in the wake of the Lakanal House tragedy. The local Action Group also warned that there were not enough entries and exits to cope with a catastrophic event
How many people have been killed and injured?
So far there have been twelve confirmed deaths, but the Fire Service have suggested that number is likely to rise further, and it is unlikely any more survivors will be recovered from the building.
The ambulance service has now said 68 patients have been taken to six hospitals across London, with 18 people in critical care.
A further 10 patients made their own way to hospital.
A 'significant number' of people are still unaccounted for.
Police have said a number of people are being treated for a range of injuries.
The leader of Kensington and Chelsea Borough Nick Paget-Brown said "several hundred" people would have been in the block when the fire broke out
The Metropolitan Police have set up a casualty bureau for anyone concerned about their friends and family.
What about the missing?
A number of children and elderly people are missing, as friends and family have appealed via social media for information on their whereabouts.
Among them are a 12-year-old Jessica Ospina.
Jessica's other aunt, Sandra, wrote: "If anyone sees Jessica she should come to The Harrow Centre where the family are waiting for her. Or speak to any police officer to guide her".
My 13 year old niece Jessie has become seperated with her family in the #GrenfellTower Fire please if you see her get in touch ASAP RT Pls pic.twitter.com/xNk5TEQR89 — Ana Ospina (@MakeupAna) June 14, 2017
Hamid Ali Jafari said that he his 82 year-old father Ali Yawar Jafari had not been seemed since the early hours of the morning as the family were trying to escape the blaze.
He said: "He was with my mother and sister in the lift and she said the lift stopped on the tenth floor and he said there was too much smoke and he couldn't breathe and he got out of the lift and then the doors shut and it didn't stop again till the ground floor."
× Ali Yawar Jafari. Photo / Supplied Ali Yawar Jafari. Photo / Supplied
What did witnesses see?
Witnesses have spoken of hearing screams and seeing some people escaping using bedsheets as improvised rope ladders.
London Fire Brigade told people to put wet cloths over their mouths to avoid inhaling smoke as they made their escape.
The building has been gutted and the families left only with the bedclothes they were wearing when they were evacuated.
There were reports of a strong smell of burning plastic, thought to be white cladding that was installed on the building last year as part of a £10million refurbishment.
Who is on the scene?
Fire crews have been sent from North Kensington, Kensington, Hammersmith and Paddington and surrounding stations.
In all 40 fire engines and around 200 firefighters have been deployed along with police. The London ambulance service has sent its Hazardous Area Response Team.
What do we know about the building?
Grenfell Tower was completed in 1974, so would have needed to comply with strict new regulations which ensured buildings would not fall down in the event of a blast, or a major fire. However recent cladding works to the outside may have exacerbated the fire, according to experts at the University of Edinburgh.
Have there been other tower block fires in London?
In July 2009, six people were killed at more than 20 injured when in a blaze at Lakanal House, a tower block in Camberwell, south east London.
In May 1968 four people were killed and 17 injured when Ronan Point, a tower block in Newham, east London, partially collapsed after a gas explosion, which blew out several load-bearing walls.
Grade 9 tech class donates former EDHS brick to ECHRS
by Sylene Argent
A little piece of Essex District High School's history will now be preserved inside the Essex & Community Historical Research Society's (ECHRS) Gordon Avenue facility.
Students in the grade nine tech class at Essex District High School (EDHS) endured a drizzly walk to the ECHRS facility on Thursday morning to make a donation of historical significance.
The students forwarded a brick from the former EDHS facility, mounted on a wooden base they created, to the local historical group.
Laurie Kowtiuk, ECHRS's President, was grateful for the donation. She commented the brick donation is especially significant in preserving the heritage of the Town of Essex.
Essex District High School was established in 1885. Students were first taught inside an old church on Medora Avenue, according to Wikipedia. In 1921, a fire destroyed the facility that was built in 1888 at its current location on Talbot Street.
Former EDHS facility bricks, mounted on wooden bases, will be sold through the school to raise funds for a bleacher. They will also be sold through ECHRS to raise funds for preservation projects and to maintain its facility. These historical pieces will come with a certificate of authenticity.
On behalf of Mr. Harrison from the EDHS History Department, an Essex High cheerleading sweater from the 1950s was also donated in pristine condition. ECHRS will gladly preserve this piece of local clothing for future generations to enjoy.
Kowtiuk let the students know ECHRS is always looking for volunteers. High school students needing to complete their 40 hours of community service are welcome to contact ECHRS about volunteer opportunities. Currently, Kowtiuk said, the local historical society is in need of help preserving land deeds.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
The Concord Green Homeowner Association Board of Directors has gone years without communicating or involving the Homeowner Members in their actions.
Media Contact
Cindy Trueson - Cary Nagdeman
5613951079
***@gmail.com Cindy Trueson - Cary Nagdeman5613951079
End
-- As a Homeowner and Residents of the Concord Green Subdivision in Boca Raton, Florida we felt it necessary to make available share what is going on in our development-neighborhood with our neighbors and the public.For years, the Board of Directors have been asked and have talked about it, but have never initiated the creation of a website. They post their communications at the Pool area where no-one goes to read what's going on. Homeowners and residences should be informed.The Concord Green Planned Unit Development was designed in the late 1970's, was built and sold in the early 1980's. Concord Green was designed and intended to be a quaint small 86 home development located in West Boca Raton, Florida. It's amenities include a; Pool, Tennis Court, Clubhouse and a Lake that the residences surround.It is a private community of 86 single story attached duplexes. They are all one story Fee Simple, Private Property residences. Of the Eighty Six homes, twenty or more are rentals.Anyone who wants to know a homeowner and resident's experience and point of view, go to the ConcordGreenNews, visit us at http://concordgreennews.com/ . This domain and website has no affiliation with any homeowner associations. Thank you,
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Our own Rich Shepherd was at Gillette Stadium for round 15 of Monster Energy AMA Supercross to capture all the action.
Here are some of his best photos from Foxborough.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A gay bar which was shut down after a man was glassed over the head has been allowed to re-open - despite police branding the club a 'dive' and a 'nightmare'.
Glamorous on Hurst Street has been closed since the incident just before 3am on March 28, which prompted Birmingham City Council to suspend its licence.
The licence holder said the club now needed to "camp up and gay up" after it emerged there had been a string of police reports to the venue in the Chinese Quarter.
But today the council ruled the club could re-open ordering that it must stop selling alcohol at 4am - reduced from 6am - must not admit anyone after 3am and must have four security staff on at all times.
West Midlands Police has been heavily involved with Glamorous since October.
In November Sgt Peter Stephenson emailed the force licensing team expressing concerns branding Glamorous a 'nightmare' and outlining numerous violent incidents where customers had been left 'covered in blood'.
Suggesting one solution he said: "I think Glamorous should adopt a no glass policy at all as it is a complete dive and isn't being supervised or managed correctly."
Another officer stated there had been around 130 incidents involving club customers between July and November 2017.
In response licence holder Matthew Eason introduced a raft of measures including a dress code policy, increasing security, installing CCTV signage in toilets and banning certain music like Grime and Drum n' Bass.
Police stated the level of crime 'dropped dramatically' but in February the club began to see another spike in offences, with more than a dozen reports in six weeks.
Things culminated on March 28 when a 45-year-old man was hit over the head with a glass bottle and had his chest stamped on. A 20-year-old man was later arrested and the investigation is still ongoing.
Addressing a council sub-licensing committee PC Ben Reader said he had lost confidence in Mr Eason claiming he continually blamed security staff.
He called for the council to slash opening hours to 2am stating there had been a pattern of incidents after then.
PC Reader said: "The business model is about attracting customers who have finished an evening elsewhere, so are already in drink.
"It would therefore follow that the venue should be even more rigorous around their entry policy to ensure that they are promoting the licensing objectives.
"This is clearly not happening and this leads to issues around public safety and crime and disorder."
It was also revealed West Midlands Ambulance Service had been called out 24 times since October, 2015 - the incident on March 28 estimated to have cost the NHS up to £17,000.
But Sarah Clover, barrister for Glamorous, dismissed police claims there had been 'patterns' of poor management and incidents after 2am, whilst also arguing there was not enough information around the ambulance callouts to attribute them all to Glamorous.
Ms Clover also stated that if operating hours were reduced to 2am it would mean the venue would be forced to close due to the loss of trade.
Mr Eason outlined his action plan to address the problems which included rebranding the club.
He said: "To put it bluntly we need to camp up and gay up the venue. It will help us with the clientele we want to attract."
Mr Eason also vowed to sack himself as Designated Premises Supervisor (DPS) and introduce an entry fee at the venue.
A spokesman from Glamorous said: "We are pleased that there has been a definite outcome, meaning that we can now reopen and start with our complete re-branding plan.
"We are going to be working positively in partnership with West Midlands Police and The Public Health Authority to achieve the required levels for Glamorous to continue trading and serving the local gay community, going forward."
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
May 3 W&T Offshore Inc
* W&T Offshore announces first quarter 2017 operational and financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.17
* Q1 revenue rose 60 percent to $124.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.04 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.16 excluding items
* W&T Offshore Inc qtrly production averaged 42,712 barrels of oil equivalent ("boe") per day (or 3.8 million boe for quarter)
* Qtrly production averaged 42,712 barrels of oil equivalent ("boe") per day
* W&T Offshore Inc - total production was 3.8 million barrels of oil equivalent ("mmboe") in q1 of 2017
* W&T Offshore Inc - expect to receive $71.7 million in income tax refunds between 2017 and 2018
* W&T Offshore Inc - capital expenditures for 2017 are currently estimated at $125.0 million
* W&T Offshore Inc sees Q2 total production 3.7 mmboe - 4.1 mmboe
* Sees FY 2017 total production of 15.2 mmboe - 16.8 mmboe Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Chilliwack woman looking to expand her fur family drove 16 hours to rescue a pit bull from a California shelter after receiving a tip from a dog-loving border agent.
Paula Power was looking for a new dog, but found that there were very few up for adoption in the Lower Mainland at the time.
That's when she decided to look at dogs in U.S. shelters, and called the Canada Border Service Agency to find out what she'd have to do to bring a new dog across the border.
By coincidence, she ended up speaking to a dog lover who had answers to everything she needed to know – including where to get the dog she now calls "Sophie." The representative she spoke to on the phone told her about a shelter in Sacramento, Calif., where staff members were struggling with the number of intakes.
Power looked up the Front Street Animal Shelter on Facebook and found a post outlining the shelter's "crisis."
The post said the shelter was so crowded they'd run out of space, so it offered free adoptions for the month of June "as an emergency lifesaving measure."
So Power and her son headed south, driving 1,500 kilometres down the coast to pick out a dog in need of a home.
"Everybody was quite amazed that we drove all that way to come to the shelter," Power told CTV News Channel on Wednesday.
The shelter had a "meet and greet" event, and one of its staff members thought a dog named Joyce might be a good fit for Power.
"At that point, the rest was history," Power said.
"She was very attentive and loving… She's very calm and we've found out since then that she is amazing and smart."
The wriggly pup who stole Power's heart never really responded to the name "Joyce," so Power renamed her "Sophie."
The shelter shared a video on Facebook of the moment Power and the pit bull fell in love, using the hashtag "#lovecanada." The post has been shared more than 4,000 times, and hundreds of people have commented thanking the family.
Another video, posted on Sunday, said so far 275 pets have been adopted from the shelter in just a week and a half, including many dogs who'd been waiting months to find their forever homes. The shelter is no longer "overflowing," but adoptions will continue to be free for the rest of the month.
In addition to Sophie, some of the other dogs that have recently found homes are also pit bulls – a blanket term for dogs including American pit bull terriers, Staffordshire bull terriers, American Staffordshire terriers, other formal breeds, crosses and dogs that resemble the formal breeds.
Pit bulls have the lowest adoption rates of any breeds in the shelter system, according to advocacy group HugABull. The group, which is based in Metro Vancouver, says some shelters have an automatic euthanasia policy for the dogs, knowing it's difficult to find homes for them, especially if they have behavioural issues caused by trauma at their previous homes.
The dogs have been banned in Ontario and in some cities, including Montreal, but are legal in B.C.
The newly-single Love Island contestant plots a way to get back his girl from Alex Miller.
Love Island hopeful Wes Nelson will do his best to win the affections of Megan Barton Hanson again, after the recent recoupling left him single.
Wes was previously happily coupled up with Laura Anderson in the ITV2 dating show, but left her after several weeks to pursue a romance with Megan.
He then, along with the other male contestants, was sent to secondary villa Casa Amor for a few days, and when he returned to the main villa in Monday's episode, he was horrified to learn that Megan had moved on with new boy Alex Miller.
FIRST LOOK: Wes isn't ready to accept that it's game over for him and Megan. Watch out Alex… 🙈 #LoveIsland pic.twitter.com/p6kAjZy7xz — Love Island (@LoveIsland) July 4, 2018
He was later upset to hear Megan and Alex kissing in bed the following night.
In scenes that will air on Wednesday's episode, Wes catches up with Megan to tell her how he felt over the recoupling.
Megan tells him: “I just want you to know I didn't take it lightly… I didn't expect to connect with him. I'm sorry I've put you in such a situation.”
Wes says: “We put loads on the line for it. I've put my neck on the line for this… If there was anyone out of this villa and that villa that I wanted to be with, it was you.”
West then tells his male co-stars that he is setting himself a mission to not only reignite his brief romance with Megan, but also that he wants to try flirting with new girl Ellie Jones.
Ellie chats to Wes (ITV)
“I'm going to pull a couple of girls just for little chats,” he explains to co-stars Alex George, Adam Collard and Josh Denzel.
“The first girl I'm going to pull is new Ellie. She's someone I didn't really give a chance in Casa Amor. Ellie first. Then Megan. Alex, I'm about to take your girl.”
He then says, in the Beach Hut: “I haven't grafted for a girl yet. Are you ready? I want to go to speak to new Ellie. She is fire.”
Ellie – a former flame of contestant Jack Fincham – entered the main villa along with Sam Bird after they spent a few days together in Casa Amor.
Wes asks Alex George to distract Megan and take her into the kitchen, where he will then take her for a chat on the terrace, away from the eyes of her current partner, Alex Miller.
After getting Megan away from the other Love Island contestants, Wes tells her: “I put everything that I'd ever invested into you. I am still holding on to the feeling something could come from it. I am not going to drop that.”
Megan says: “I'd be lying if I didn't say when I see you chatting to Ellie I'm jealous. A little bit. I do still fancy you but I'm not being harsh on Alex.”
The episode will also see Adam doubting his current relationship with new girl Darylle Sargeant, who he coupled up with after living in Casa Amor.
He was previously in a budding relationship with Zara McDermott before she was voted out of the programme.
“Me and Darylle get on well, she's hot,” Adam says.
Adam and Darylle (ITV)
“But I'd be lying if I said there wasn't still feelings there for Zara. I did really like her.
“Honestly I thought if I went to Casa Amor and threw myself into someone I would just forget about it. But I definitely have feelings for Zara.”
Viewers will also see the continuing fall-out between Josh and Georgia Steel, who had spent several weeks together before he opted to partner up with new girl Kazimir Crossley.
Love Island continues at 9pm on 3e and 3player
Just Eat delivers Love Island on 3e
© Press Association 2018
Hatters boss Nathan Jones has praised Accrington chief John Coleman for the job he as done once more at the Wham Stadium this year.
Coleman's side go into the game with Luton sitting in third place, after two seasons where they have been challenging for promotion too, despite having one of the smallest budgets in the league
They have a little bit of freedom to play so they're a dangerous side and they've got good individuals. Nathan Jones
Jones said: “He always does well there, he does wonderful there, because he loses players year in year out and he's lost some good players.
“We liked the boy (Matthew) Pearson who he lost, he was a real top player for this level.
“Obviously (Shay) McCartan he lost and any loans he takes, if they do well there, they kind of move on too.
“So he keeps producing teams and players that are very, very competitive at this level and obviously whatever the format is, the mandate for the club, he keeps doing it.
“So fair play, and they're a difficult side to play against.
“They know what they're doing, they're organised, they have a little bit of freedom to play so they're a dangerous side and they've got good individuals.
“We know it's a difficult game and going to Accrington is never, never a wonderful place to go, no disrespect, but it's a difficult football game for this football club.”
Last season the Hatters triumphed 4-0 as they geared up for the play-offs in style, as Jones said: “It was at a crucial time as we wanted to cement our place in the play-offs.
“They were going for it, as they had an outside chance, so it was an important game and we won it.
“Whether that has any bearing on anything I don't know, all we can do is concentrate on now. They've got new players, we've got new players from last year.”
Town go into the game on the back of five games without defeat and after a stunning first half display against Newport last weekend, Jones is happy with where his side are.
He added: “We're in good form at the minute, we have to continue that and have to continue to get better.
“That's the thing as we don't just want to stand still, we're in good form now, lets continue as we are.
“I was delighted with the performance against Newport, but again without being disrespectful, if we had had a cutting edge about us, then that could have been a lot more.
“The level of performance we put out and the amount of times we arrived in their box, in behind their back four, had opportunities to score goals.
“If we had taken half of those, it would have been far more emphatic, so we can improve.
“And we conceded which we didn't want to do, a clean sheet would have been really nice because we could have seen out the game a lot more comfortably.
“So there's always things we can improve on as we want to evolve, we don't want to stagnate and stand still, we want to keep going.”
Construction cranes are seen at the building site of a new private housing complex in Hong Kong, China December 15, 2015. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
BEIJING New property curbs in China's capital unveiled in March have started to cool the red-hot housing market, but the frothy market will take some time to stabilise, the Beijing municipal government said.
Beijing, a bellwether of national policy direction, is on the frontline as China takes on speculators and tries to tame home prices, with new curbs last month as prices and sales picked up again, shrugging off measures taken late last year.
The new measures included raising the minimum downpayment on a second home to 60 percent to 80 percent, from 50 percent to 70 percent, depending on home types.
Online transaction volumes fell 16.7 percent in the 10 days after the new curbs adopted on March 18, versus the previous 10 days, the Beijing government said on Wednesday.
Property sales by floor area also dropped 15.4 percent in the first quarter from a year ago, it said, or 5 percentage points quicker than in the first two months of the year.
The city government also singled out the resale market, stressing it has cooled significantly.
"With demand dropping, it's possible (Beijing) housing prices, especially in the resale market, may drop," a city government spokeswoman told a news conference, a post on the government website showed.
Prices in Beijing's resale market surged 2.2 percent in March on a monthly basis, data from the National Bureau of Statistics showed.
New home prices rose 0.4 percent in Beijing in March from the previous month, after flatlining in the first two months of the year. Beijing home prices surged 19 percent from a year earlier.
But the spokeswoman conceded buyers might adopt a wait-and-see attitude as policy adjustments take time to sink in.
"The impact of the new policies will become increasingly visible in April or in the even longer term," she said.
Sales by floor area of new units dropped 22 percent in the first half of April from a year ago in the 50 major Chinese cities monitored by real estate consultancy E-house China R&D Institute. The fall was 4 percent versus the previous 15 days.
Sales dropped the most in tier-1 cities, which showed a 12 percent drop on a monthly basis, the Shanghai-based consultancy said, while tier-2 and tier-3 cities had smaller respective falls of 2 percent and 4 percent.
"The drop in sales showed the measures are effective," it said. But it also said 25 of the 50 cities had price gains in the first half of April over the corresponding March period.
The consultancy estimates sales in the 50 cities will continue to fall by about 10 percent in April, from a month ago.
The housing boom has been a key driver of China's stronger-than-expected economic performance in recent months, but analysts believe it may also pose the single biggest risk to growth this year.
Local governments are adopting ever tougher measures to rein in prices, which are expected to eventually slow real estate investment and construction.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Nissan Philippines Inc. (NPI) sustained its growth momentum as it closed the first half of 2017 with a 41-percent sales growth compared to the same period last year. The increase was driven by the strong sales of its core models, aggressive dealer network expansion, and the introduction of innovative after-sales programs.
Looking at the second half of the year, NPI president and Managing Director Ramesh Narasimhan looks to sustain the strong performance of the first half of 2017.
“We have started out this year strong, growing our business by almost double versus the same period last year. And we are not stopping there. In July, we posted a new record for the brand, hitting 2,202 units sold,” he said.
“We hope to continue on this momentum, to truly strengthen our position in the Philippine automotive scene. We have a lot of plans in store for our customers, this second half of 2017, so I hope that the market is ready for an exciting year,” Narasimhan added.
The NV350 Urvan continued to be Nissan's best-selling model, as the people carrier accounted for 31 percent of the brand's total sales in the first half of the year. Further driving the performance of the model is the Nissan Urvan Premium, which was introduced to the market last April. The new model has larger leg and headroom, and enhanced seating capacity.
Another driver of the brand's growth is the tough, smart Navara. Nissan's iconic pick-up also contributed 31 percent to the first half performance. Its versatile character, which allows it to be used for everyday city driving and hauling heavy materials, has made it one of the most desirable Nissan vehicles in the market. The demand for the Navara has grown significantly at 59 percent versus the same period last year.
Other vehicles that have contributed to Nissan's record performance are the spacious Almera, and the built-to-stand out Juke, accounting for 24 percent and 12 percent of NPI sales, respectively.
Nationwide dealer expansion
Nissan has also begun to roll out the new global retail visual design, NREDI or Nissan Retail Environment Design Initiative, to its national dealer network, beginning with Nissan Sucat in December 2016. Within the first half of 2017, Nissan has opened five brand-new dealerships in key regions in the country. These include Nissan Marilao, Nissan Iloilo, Nissan Cebu South, Nissan Cebu Central, and Nissan Baliwag. With the addition of these dealers, Nissan has established its presence across 32 locations nationwide.
For the second half of the year, Nissan will continue to bring the brand closer to its customers by opening close to 10 additional NREDI dealerships across the Philippines.
Enhanced after-sales service
This year, NPI will continue to provide innovative after-sales services with the Nissan Express Service, where customers can have their vehicles undergo a comprehensive PMS within 30 minutes. Bringing further convenience to Nissan customers is another industry first – the Nissan Parts Online. Through this, customers can order branded merchandise and genuine parts from the comfort of their homes, and receive it in 24 hours within Metro Manila.
Are you ready for mega fashion shows, raffles, and a whole lot of fun with live entertainment at Bahi Ajman Palace Hotel Wedding Fair from 29th to 31st March, 2018
Media Contact
Marketing Pro Junction
pressrelease@ mpj-pr.com
+971 556130351 Marketing Pro Junction+971 556130351
End
-- Are you ready for mega fashion shows, raffles, and a whole lot of fun with live entertainment at Bahi Ajman Palace Hotel Wedding Fair from 29th to 31st March, 2018? This bridal and shopping extravaganza, organized in association with Ajman Tourism Development Department (ATDD) will see a line-up of over 70 exhibitors, specialized in catering to luxury events and bridal wear, over the three days. Prominent among them are Fashion Designers such as Maryam Al Shaibani & Walid Atallah who will showcase their upcoming bridal wear.Rene' Vincent Ernst, General Manager of Bahi Ajman Palace Hotel, said, "On the first day, during the opening ceremony of the Wedding Fair, we have planned various food-tasting and entertainment activities for visitors in addition to the fantastic displays by exhibitors. The event is open to general public on all three days from 4 p.m. to 11 p.m. on 29th March and 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. on 30th and 31st March for absolutely free, whereby we will be indulging them with a fiesta of fashion shows by top designers, Lebanese Folkloric Wedding Theatre by AG Concept, wedding band from Sudan as well as superb culinary delights".In addition to fashion shows, a host of activities will be unfurled during the opening of the exhibition starting 6.30 p.m. onwards on Thursday, 29th March, 2018 offering visitor's extraordinary experiences.About Bahi Ajman Palace HotelBahi Ajman Palace Hotel, managed by HMH – Hospitality Management Holdings, is a picturesque sanctuary conveniently located 22 fsbdt km from Dubai International Airport and 11 km from Sharjah International Airport. Set on a private beach, this alluring hideaway is a heritage resort with a modern spirit. Bringing an unprecedented level of luxury, with captivating views of the Arabian Gulf, the resort is a destination unto itself. Balancing world-class facilities with the legendary Arabian hospitality, it offers 254 rooms, suites and serviced residences, a remarkable range of restaurants and lounges, fabulous meeting and event venues including the largest ballroom in the Northern Emirates ideal for weddings and conventions, as well as an array of leisure and recreation options at Lifestyle Club featuring a Spa and state-of-the-art fitness facility. A magical experience awaits you here.For more information about the hotel please visit http://www.BahiAjmanPalace.com or https://www.weddingsatbahi.com
MILAN, March 29 Telecom Italia went live with a website for its new Kena Mobile brand on Wednesday, testing demand for a no-frills alternative to French carrier Iliad, which is set to launch its Free brand in Italy by early next year.
Iliad's impending introduction has raised concerns over the impact its offers could have on an already competitive market and on the margins of operators such as Telecom Italia, which is Italy's biggest phone group.
Telecom Italia, whose top shareholder is French group Vivendi, said earlier this year it would launch a second carrier to protect the premium positioning of its main TIM brand and exploit opportunities in the low-end segment.
Named after a warrior armed only with a spear, Kena Mobile aims to make transparent offers to clients who pay "only for what they need", Noverca, which manages the brand and is fully-owned by Telecom Italia, said on the new Kena website.
Kena Mobile will seek to attract customers with different price plans, starting as low as 3.99 euros every 30 days for 1,000 minutes of national calls and no activation fee. (Reporting by Agnieszka Flak; editing by Alexander Smith)
More Videos
2:23 Coach Pete Carroll on Paul Richardson's injury, more from Seahawks preseason opener
5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett's anthem sit, backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener
2:09 Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on his fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks' preseason opener
0:57 Seahawks rookie CB Shaquill Griffin all smiles after starting in his 1st NFL game
3:01 Michael Bennett on why he sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener
3:27 Gregg Bell from California on what to expect from Seahawks' preseason opener
4:03 Seahawks DE Cliff Avril after receiving foundation donation from United Way
4:21 Pete Carroll on Eddie Lacy, Thomas Rawls, Seahawks preseason opener
2:25 Russell Wilson on his passing, Rawls, Carson, more from Seahawks camp
5:20 Gregg Bell on what he saw, heard and thought of day 9 in Seahawks training camp
2:53 Rookie Amara Darboh jokes with Michael Bennett, talks being a Seahawks WR
April 13 Noront Resources Ltd
* Noront Resources Ltd - Has signed an exploration and project advancement agreement with Marten Falls First Nation
* Noront Resources Ltd - As part of agreement, and by fulfilling certain obligations and arrangements, MFFN becomes a shareholder of noront resources
* Noront Resources Ltd - Company has agreed to issue 311,111 shares of Noront stock valued at $0.225 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds details on U.S. inventories) DUBAI, April 5 Saudi Arabia cut the May official selling prices (OSP) for its light crude oil for Asian customers, in line with expectations, but raised the price for oil sales to the United States where crude stockpiles are at a record high. State oil giant Saudi Aramco cut the price of its Arab Light by 30 cents per barrel versus April to a discount of $0.45 a barrel to the Oman/Dubai average, it said on Wednesday. A Reuters survey of four refiners in Asia expected the producer to cut the OSP for flagship Arab Light crude by 10-40 cents a barrel in May from a month ago. Aramco lowered the price of Arab Light to Northwest Europe by $0.45 a barrel to a discount of $4.35 per barrel to the Brent Weighted Average (BWAVE). But it raised the price of Arab Light to the United States by $0.30 a barrel to a premium of $0.50 per barrel to the Argus Sour Crude Index (ASCI). The move comes after a buildup in U.S. crude inventories in recent weeks that has weighed on the market. Total U.S. crude inventories were at a record of nearly 534 million barrels, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) said on March 29. Aramco plans to change the way it prices oil for Europe from July, industry sources told Reuters on Tuesday, in an effort to increase the appeal of Saudi crude by making it easier for customers to hedge. The tables below show the full FOB prices for May in U.S. dollars. Saudi term crude supplies to the United States are priced as a differential to the Argus Sour Crude Index (ASCI). United States MAY APRIL CHANGE EXTRA LIGHT +2.70 +2.10 +0.60 LIGHT +0.50 +0.20 +0.30 MEDIUM -0.70 -1.00 +0.30 HEAVY -2.00 -2.30 +0.30 Prices at Ras Tanura destined for Northwest Europe are set against Brent crude weighted average (BWAVE): NW EUROPE MAY APRIL CHANGE EXTRA LIGHT -2.85 -2.15 -0.70 LIGHT -4.35 -3.90 -0.45 MEDIUM -5.40 -5.00 -0.40 HEAVY -7.05 -6.55 -0.50 Saudi term crude supplies to Asia are priced as a differential to the Oman/Dubai average: ASIA MAY APRIL CHANGE SUPER LIGHT +3.75 +3.95 -0.20 EXTRA LIGHT +0.60 +0.95 -0.35 LIGHT -0.45 -0.15 -0.30 MEDIUM -0.85 -0.85 0.00 HEAVY -2.60 -2.60 0.00 Prices at Ras Tanura for Saudi oil destined for the Mediterranean are set against the BWAVE: MEDITERRANEAN MAY APRIL CHANGE EXTRA LIGHT -2.75 -1.70 -1.05 LIGHT -4.35 -3.65 -0.70 MEDIUM -5.15 -4.50 -0.65 HEAVY -6.25 -5.75 -0.50 (Reporting by Reem Shamseddine and Roslan Khasawneh; editing by Rania El Gamal and Susan Fenton)
Periodic water shortages will continue to worsen in the Greater Dublin Area unless water is piped from the Shannon, according to an Engineers Ireland report published on Wednesday.
‘State of Ireland 2018 - A Review of Infrastructure in Ireland' found the State's water and flood-prevention measures were “ inadequately maintained, unable to meet peak demand and requiring significant investment”.
Caroline Spillane, chief executive of Engineers Ireland, said water shortages faced recently by thousands of households and businesses across the Dublin, eastern and midlands regions would continue to worsen unless plans to source water from the Shannon are delivered “as soon as possible”.
The project would have capacity to meet the needs of more than 40 per cent of the Irish population beyond 2050, she said. It would be the first major new water source in the region for more than 60 years.
Although the major focus of the report is on water and flooding, Engineers Ireland has also called for immediate upgrades in the areas of transport, energy, transport, communications and waste.
The report says major projects are needed to reduce water leakage from 44 per cent to about 35 per cent. According to the document, some 118 flood relief schemes must be built and new flood and forecasting warning systems are needed.
Engineers Ireland also warned of a looming skills crisis with a shortage of “engineers and other construction professionals [which is] risking our capacity to deliver critical infrastructure projects”.
The report is based on the insights of two expert advisory panels made up of 40 engineering experts, in conjunction with a survey of 1,000 chartered engineers across Ireland.
In terms of transport the report supports the building of the Eastern Bypass road for Dublin City linking the Dublin Tunnel to the N11, multi-point tolling on the M50, more Luas lines and park-and-ride facilities, Metrolink and additional incentives for users of electric vehicles.
In the communications sector the report recommends awarding the contract for the national broadband plan “without delay” and to implement plans for 5G mobile networks.
In terms of waste management, the report calls for more incineration capacity and prioritisation of waste treatment facilities in the State, including the capacity for anaerobic digestion and biological treatment.
In the energy sector the report calls for a “deep retrofit” of homes and public buildings to reduce energy demand and increase energy efficiency.
It also wants to see some 900,000 homes that are not connected to the gas network to convert to an appropriate electric heating solution.
Peter Quinn, president of Engineers Ireland, said: “These priority recommendations need to be delivered if we are to meet current environmental, social and economic challenges. And only sustained action in these areas will enable us to mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate change.”
He said delivering the Government strategy Project Ireland 2040 would be “impossible without expanded industry and a larger engineering workforce”. Mr Quinn added: “We face challenges posed by skills shortages, particularly in the civil and building engineering field. I would like to encourage more young people, especially young women, to pursue a career in engineering. ”
Mickelson Cabinets is pleased to announce their quality line of products available to builders and designers who are in need of wholesale materials. While proud of their wholesale offers, they also provide special order cabinets that are still affordable.
Mickelson Cabinets offers low prices, while refusing to sacrifice value. Their line of kitchen and bathroom cabinets is made to last and features all plywood construction, full overlay doors and drawers, soft close slides and hinges and solid wood dovetail drawer boxes. Most cabinets are in stock and available within one business day.
Mickelson Cabinets offers one of the finest customer service departments available. They stand behind their products by offering a five-year limited warranty, giving customers the ability to enjoy their quality cabinets free of worry.
For more information on their quality products for builders and designers, visit Mickelson Cabinets on their website or call 509-608-3212.
About Mickelson Cabinets: Mickelson Cabinets was founded in 2016 by the father and son duo of Sheldon and Aaron Mickelson. Their vision is to deliver quality products at low costs in a quick period of time. Based in Spokane Valley, Washington, the company has become the largest supplier of in-stock cabinetry. The Mickelson family has a combined 60 years in the construction business with 15 of those years in the cabinet business. The family-owned business hopes to expand their reach across the continental United States.
Company : Mickelson Cabinets
Address : 225 N. Ella Road, Unit C, Spokane Valley, WA 99212
Telephone : 509-608-3212
Email ID : info@mickelsoncabinets.com
https://mickelsoncabinets.com/
NEW YORK (AP) — Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said Wednesday's indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said he would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. He called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare him and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
Advertisement
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, according to his lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied his request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, he is due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear his name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her.
The other accuser in the case, former actress Lucia Evans, has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Inside Business is a regular podcast from The Irish Times. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, on Android, on Stitcher - or wherever you find podcasts.
The Inside Business podcast this week is devoted to the Business of Sport and for that, we're joined again by Mick O'Keeffe of Teneo PSG.
In just over a fortnight's time, the 2018 Fifa World Cup kicks off in Russia, with the tournament likely to generate billions for both the association and the local economy.
Inside Business
Patrick Nally is considered the founding father of modern sports marketing and the man responsible for the commercial resurrection of the Fifa World Cup, brokering a sponsorship deal for the tournament with Coca-Cola that lasted for four decades.
Nally talks to Ciarán Hancock and Mick about Fifa's toxic image in recent years, how that has led to a loss of trust in the brand and why this might be the first World Cup since 1978 that he won't be attending.
On the ground
Also in this episode, Marc Bennetts, a Moscow-based journalist who has written for The Times, the Guardian and Politico, on how preparations in Russia have been going on the ground.
But first, Ciarán and Mick discuss the major sport business themes of the month, including a number of big Irish sponsorship and broadcast rights deals, sports betting in the US and a move by the Irish Open to Lahinch, Co Clare in 2019.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
* Calls 5-year-old trade pact "unacceptable"
* Comments stun S.Korean financial markets
* Finance ministry: "we'll wait and see"
* Trump says Seoul's been told to pay for THAAD
* Korean presidential candidate: it belongs to U.S. (Adds comments from South Korea finance ministry, presidential candidate, market reaction, former State Department official)
By Stephen J. Adler, Jeff Mason and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON, April 27 U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters on Thursday he will either renegotiate or terminate what he called a "horrible" free trade deal with South Korea and said Seoul should pay for a U.S. anti-missile system that he priced at $1 billion.
In an interview with Reuters, Trump called the five-year-old trade pact with South Korea "unacceptable" and said it would be targeted for renegotiation after his administration completes a revamp of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico.
He blamed the U.S.-Korean trade deal, known as KORUS, on his 2016 Democratic presidential election opponent, Hillary Clinton, who as secretary of state promoted the final version of the trade pact before its approval by Congress in 2011.
"It is unacceptable, it is a horrible deal made by Hillary," the Republican Trump said. "It's a horrible deal, and we are going to renegotiate that deal or terminate it."
Asked when he would announce his intention to renegotiate the deal, Trump said: “Very soon. I'm announcing it now.”
Trump's comments stunned South Korean financial markets, sending Seoul stocks and the won currency into reverse even as the country's economic outlook has started to brighten.
With global demand improving, exports of goods such as cars and electronics have been leading a recovery in South Korea and a number of other trade-reliant Asian economies such as Japan and Taiwan, boosting their manufacturing sectors.[nL4N1HZ363
"Talk and actual policy are different," a high-ranking official at South Korea's finance ministry, who declined to be named as he was not authorised to speak to the media, told Reuters. "They (the Trump administration) have not requested anything from us so we'll have to wait and see."
KORUS was initially negotiated by the Republican administration of President George W. Bush in 2007, but that version was scrapped and renegotiated by President Barack Obama's Democratic administration three years later.
The U.S. goods trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled since KORUS took effect in March 2012, from $13.2 billion in 2011 to $27.7 billion in 2016, according to U.S. Census Bureau data.
THAAD PAYMENT
Trump said the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile system now being deployed in South Korea to defend against a potential missile attack from North Korea would cost about $1 billion and questioned why the United States was paying for it.
"I informed South Korea it would be appropriate if they paid. It's a billion-dollar system," Trump said. "It's phenomenal, shoots missiles right out of the sky."
Asked about the remarks, a top foreign policy adviser to South Korean presidential front runner Moon Jae-in told Reuters that Trump's suggestion would be an "impossible option" because the U.S. military operates it.
The U.S. military started the deployment of THAAD in early March, despite strong opposition from China, which worries the system's powerful radar can be used to spy into its territory. Moon, the favorite to win South Korea's presidential election on May 9, has called for deployment to be delayed until after the next administration is in place and can review the decision.
Lockheed Martin Corp is the prime contractor for the THAAD system.
A former U.S. State Department official estimated the cost of the system at about $1.2 billion but said the United States would not want to sell THAAD to Seoul.
"We want to retain THAAD in our arsenal, consistent with all other U.S. weapons systems deployed on the Korean peninsula. We own them. We retain them. We have the right to redeploy them," the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. (Reporting by David Lawder and Phil Stewart, additional reporting by James Pearson and Soyoung Kim in Seoul, Editing by Howard Goller and Bill Tarrant)
LONDON (Reuters) - Right at the last, Mo Farah's unbeatable air could not stand up to another examination by the world's best distance runners as he was denied one final global triumph in his farewell championship track race on Saturday.
As the Briton was consoled - and congratulated on a peerless track career - by his competitors following his world 5,000 metres silver in the stadium where his legend was first properly sculpted in 2012, the only question that remained was where he stands in the annals of track distance running.
There is a powerful argument to say, after 10 straight global championship victories stretching back to the 2011 world 5,000 metres triumph in Daegu, that the 34-year-old is the greatest distance racer we have ever seen on the track.
Despite his defeat on Saturday, his ability, time and again, to fend off every challenge and tactic thrown at him -- from Ethiopian and Kenyan athletes ganging up on him to being spiked and bruised in physical races - and still sprint to victory was unprecedented during an incredible six-year reign.
His ability to strike for home with that long, loping stride, anywhere from 600 metres to 100 metres out - and then to find yet another gear when it seemed as if he was flat out - marked him as a unique talent.
Yet being considered the best racer is very different from being seen as the greatest distance athlete of all-time.
Sebastian Coe, the IAAF President and a massive fan of Farah, set the ball rolling when declaring in Friday's Evening Standard newspaper that Haile Gebrselassie was the greatest.
"When it comes to the debate on the greatest distance runner of all time, I'm tough on this," said Coe, who himself is in the shake-up for the title best middle-distance runner of them all.
"For me, it's not Mo Farah — and that's not to do a disservice to Mo, who is one of the greats of all time.
"For me that still has to be Haile Gebrselassie, for the distances that he covered, the titles he won and the world records he broke."
BOTH DISTANCES
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 5000 meters final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Mo Farah of Britain reacts after winning the silver medal. Lucy Nicholson
In championship running, Farah won 10 on the trot before Saturday's setback, compared with Gebrselassie's six in a row at 10,000 metres and Kenenisa Bekele's best run of four championship wins in succession at both distances.
Yet the two Ethiopian greats also went chasing records to extraordinary effect, Bekele setting a total of three new world marks at 5,000m and 10,000m and Gebrselassie seven at the two events.
Farah has never been down that route, with his capacity for really fast times never examined.
It remains an extraordinary fact that the most successful championship runner ever at 5,000m with five global titles, is ranked only the 31st-fastest runner of all time, at 12 minutes 53.11 seconds. Bekele holds the world record at 12:37.35.
At 10,000 metres, in which Farah has also won a record five global golds, he is also still only the 16th-fastest (26:46.57), nearly half a minute down on Bekele's world record of 26:17.53.
Bekele, a year older than Farah at 35, won nine global golds, once went unbeaten for eight years at 10,000 metres, won 11 world cross-country titles and now holds the second-fastest marathon time in history (2 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds).
For the moment, even if Gebrselassie was the great Ethiopian trailblazer, it seems fair to rank Bekele the highest for his all-round achievements on the track, country and roads.
Yet Farah, who has run only one marathon, finishing eighth in London in 2014 in a relatively modest 2:08:21, believes he can make a big impact on the roads.
The most amazing tale in the annals of British athletics may not quite have run its course yet.
As Farah, who admitted to being tearful after an emotional night, said after his race: "As I'm getting older, it's getting a bit more challenging and that's the reason I'm going to end on the track and see what I can do on the roads.
"This is end of in terms of major championships, I'm done. I've closed that chapter of my life. I want to start a new challenge in my life."
March 31 SKYLARK Co Ltd :
* Says Bain Capital Skylark Hong Kong Limited completes sale of shares in co, lowering stake to 28.26 percent from 39.26 percent and will not be the parent company any more
* Change occurs on March 31
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/gPIZjh
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Alliqua Biomedical Inc
* Alliqua Biomedical Inc to present new data at the spring 2017 symposium on advanced wound care
* Alliqua Biomedical Inc - will feature five poster presentations summarizing new data and information related to its interfyl and ultramist therapy products
* Alliqua Biomedical - posters show potential for practitioners to improve clinical outcomes through use of ultramist therapy, interfyl products in addition to soc Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd :
* Reid Campbell to become CFO of white mountains
* White mountains insurance group ltd says Reid T. Campbell will become its chief financial officer on May 17, 2017
* White mountains insurance group ltd - David T. Foy, white Mountains's current CFO, will remain an advisor to senior management through end of 2017. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HUMACAO, Puerto Rico. - Drive inland into Puerto Rico and you'll hear the sound of generators and see signs that the island is still in recovery following Hurricane Maria.
"It was a huge hurricane," Maria Laboy, of Humacao, said.
The town of Yabucoa, in the southeastern part of the island, is where locals saw Maria begin her path of destruction with winds of 175 mph.
Devastation spread across the entire U.S. territory and the electrical grid was nearly obliterated.
Eight months later, thousands of people are still without power and some are without water.
Many still living under these conditions are some of the most vulnerable.
In Cayey, Local 10 News reporter Christian De La Rosa met Elba Colon Lopez.
She takes care of her aunt full time. Carmen Colon Martinez, 85, suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Lopez said she has a generator, but can barely afford the gas, so they depend on solar lamps.
When she can, she buys ice for her refrigerator.
"It's like living in a different world -- in a third world," Lopez said.
Lopez got emotional as she talked about longtime neighbors and family members who've left her community.
Their homes were destroyed by the hurricane.
Driving into the center of the island, De La Rosa saw people holding signs, pleading with their fellow Americans for help.
"It's like we don't exist," Maria Alvarado, of Corozal, said.
The monster hurricane took her family's roof and everything inside. Alvarado and her family are still living in a hurricane shelter in Corozal, where they have to take showers out in the open next to where they wash their clothes.
"It's demoralizing, but I have nowhere else to go," Alvarado said.
Justo Hernandez, deputy federal coordinating officer for the Federal Emergency Management Agency in Puerto Rico, said many of the communities will have to wait well into the hurricane season to get their power back on.
De La Rosa saw crews working to restore service, but the island's topography is making it a tough task.
In Comerio, families said helicopters had to be used to install new power poles, but they're still waiting on the electricity to be turned on.
FEMA's also facing criticism, accused of moving too slow in rendering aid to those trying to rebuild.
Out of 750,000 applications for housing assistance, FEMA has approved less than half.
Alvarado said she lost the roof to her home and everything inside, but she was still denied help from FEMA.
FEMA officials said one of their biggest obstacles is many families, especially in rural areas, lack property records or proof of ownership.
It's the case for many in Humacao, where families have lived in the same home for generations.
"We've been living here for hundreds and hundreds of years -- my family -- there are no property records," Laboy said.
Hernandez said FEMA is working with the local government on the issue.
"My biggest concern right now is that people are not ready," Hernandez said.
FEMA's team of 4,000 workers on the island is also focusing on hurricane preparedness. The agency admits it was not ready when Maria hit Puerto Rico, pointing to a lack of resources after its response to Hurricane Irma right before Maria.
The agency said this time around, it's stocking up with seven times the amount of food and water it had last time and is increasing the number of critical infrastructure generators from 800 to 1,100.
Hernandez said he wants people on the island to get ready for the hurricane season as the impact of another storm on the island could be catastrophic.
"People are not ready for that," Hernandez said. "We know that the power -- a small tropical storm would take the power out -- and if power goes out, water might go out."
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Love – we all dream of it and to us, these two penguins are definitely #goals.
In a video captured by Twitter user @freakingdani‘s aunt shows the cute couple holding flippers on a beach in South Africa.
my aunt just came back from South Africa and she sent me this video she took of this lil penguin couple 😭 pic.twitter.com/TkBpT5z9RV — 🐇 (@freakingdani) July 2, 2018
The impromptu video soon caught the attention of users and quickly went viral, achieving over 1.5 million views in two days.
People couldn't hold back how they felt about the loved-up penguins.
This is how I wanna be with the love of my life 😭 https://t.co/TGxjBal76O — 🇧🇹 (@MigueJ311) July 3, 2018
They're the real goals 💖 — â (@ve_nvs) July 3, 2018
While some focused on the cuteness of the video others couldn't help but compare it to their own love lives.
These penguin out strolling the beach. Can't even get a txt back smh — Bassbrains (@ErickVilla41) July 3, 2018
Penguins out here having better relationships than me https://t.co/TlzWuQG1gk — Juice🥤 (@TristxXxn) July 3, 2018
Others were shocked to find out that penguins can be found outside the Antartica.
I'm sorry why is no one asking what 2 penguins are doing in South Africa — Nathan (@PrimNathanIOW) July 3, 2018
Contrary to popular belief. Penguins don't just live in Antartica. They also inhabit South America, Africa, Australia, & New Zealand. — Christmas In Harlem (@ChristmasUptown) July 3, 2018
Stay classy you two.
Share it:
Don't Miss
TOULOUSE, France, March 30 Toulouse forward Odsonne Edouard has been detained for questioning over an alleged shooting, French prosecutors said on Thursday.
The 19-year-old, on loan from Paris St Germain, will "be presented before the prosecutor today or tomorrow... for armed violence," a Toulouse prosecutors' spokesman said.
A passer-by sustained an ear injury from a handgun shot fired from inside Edouard's car in February, the spokesman said.
The Toulouse club declined to comment. (Reporting by Johanna Decorse; writing by Julien Pretot; editing by Mark Heinrich; Editing by XXXX)
Leaders of Southeast Asian nations concluded a three-day summit in the eastern Australian city of Sydney on Sunday, issuing a number of joint declarations on topics ranging from security to trade.
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) called for an end to North Korea's controversial nuclear program and for the nonmilitarization of the contested waters of the South China Sea.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said ASEAN and Australia (which is not a member state) had affirmed their commitment to strongly respond to the "grave concerns we share about North Korea's reckless and illegal nuclear missile programs."
The ASEAN joint statement urged Pyongyang to "immediately and fully comply with its obligations under all relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions."
Read more: ASEAN 50 years on: Success or failure?
ASEAN countries at a glance Symbolizing unity The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) celebrated its 50th anniversary last year. Since its founding, the bloc has emerged as a beacon of unity in Southeast Asia, although it has often struggled to find consensus among members over key policy issues affecting the region's politics, security and the economy, among other things.
ASEAN countries at a glance Brunei The Sultanate of Brunei, located on the north coast of the island of Borneo, is one of the richest nations in the world. The small, oil-rich country is governed by its sultan as an absolute Muslim monarchy. Islam is the official religion in Brunei, with Sunni Muslims making up about 70 percent of the population. The sultan also sees himself as the main custodian of religious beliefs in Brunei.
ASEAN countries at a glance Cambodia Cambodia joined the ASEAN grouping in 1999 and during the past ten years, the Cambodian economy has grown by at least 7 percent year after year. That makes it one of the fastest growing economies in the world. But unequal distribution of wealth and income is a problem, with many of the nation's around 16-million strong population stuck in abject poverty, especially in rural areas.
ASEAN countries at a glance Indonesia Indonesia plays a salient role in ASEAN due to its status as the bloc's most populous member state as well as the world's most populous Muslim nation, with over 250 million inhabitants. ASEAN secretariat is also based in the country's capital Jakarta. Indonesia, which comprises around 17,000 islands, is the world's largest archipelago nation and boasts Southeast Asia's biggest economy.
ASEAN countries at a glance Laos Laos became a member of the ASEAN bloc in 1997. The country has a population of around 6.5 million. Around 80 percent of the inhabitants of the poor, landlocked and isolated communist country depend upon farming for their livelihood. That's how they subsist and feed their families. Laos has an increasingly closer relationship with China.
ASEAN countries at a glance Malaysia A founding member of ASEAN, Malaysia has the club's third-largest economy. Religion and politics are sensitive issues in Malaysian politics, with the deadly sectarian riots of 1969 often cited for the need to maintain ethnic harmony in the country. Over 60 percent of Malaysia's 30 million inhabitants is Muslim, with the rest adhering to Buddhism, Christianity, Hinduism and other religions.
ASEAN countries at a glance Myanmar Myanmar, which joined the club in 1997, was ruled by a military junta for decades that left it impoverished. The party of Aung San Suu Kyi, the nation's democracy icon, won the first fully free elections for generations held in 2015. But authorities are struggling to tackle a powerful Buddhist nationalist movement that has grown in strength in recent years and favors the former military rulers.
ASEAN countries at a glance The Philippines, an archipelago nation consisting of thousands of islands, is one of the most disaster-prone areas in the world. The country has an over 100-million-strong population and one of the fastest expanding economies. But it has suffered major environmental degradation in recent years due to reasons such as mismanagement of resources, deforestation and high population growth.
ASEAN countries at a glance Singapore The wealthy city-state has been a member of ASEAN since the bloc's founding in 1967. The country has a thriving economy, which has grown at a rapid pace since independence, underpinned by its position as a global financial hub. Densely-populated Singapore has a multi-racial citizenry as well as tough laws against protests and curbs on press freedom.
ASEAN countries at a glance Thailand Thailand's politics have been characterized by a long series of coups, with the nation's military frequently ousting democratically elected governments. The junta's 2014 coup marked the 12th successful military takeover since Thailand embraced parliamentary democracy 85 years ago. The country boasts Southeast Asia's second-biggest economy and reputation for being an attractive tourist destination.
ASEAN countries at a glance Vietnam Vietnam has been ruled by a one-party communist state since the end of the Vietnam War in 1975. Since 1986, Vietnam has introduced sweeping market reforms to boost growth and development. But the ruling party doesn't permit criticism and the country is ranked among the worst for press freedom. Vietnam joined ASEAN in 1995. Author: Srinivas Mazumdaru
Chinese 'aggression'
ASEAN leaders also expressed their concerns over China's growing assertiveness in the South China Sea, which is contested by a number of nations in the region.
Vietnam remains the most vocal opponent of Beijing's military installations and construction of artificial islands in the South China Sea, while the Philippines appeared to have changed its position under its China-friendly president, Rodrigo Duterte.
Australia, which was hosting an ASEAN summit for the first time, and other participants reaffirmed "the importance of maintaining and promoting peace, stability, maritime safety and security, freedom of navigation and overflight in the region," without naming China.
ASEAN leaders said they wanted to see an "early conclusion of an effective code of conduct in the South China Sea."
"We will uphold our commitment to the rules-based order and international law in the region, including the South China Sea," said Turnbull.
South China Sea countries are building larger navies Pride of the Chinese armada The first Chinese aircraft carrier, the Liaoning, was originally a Soviet model built in 1986. In 1998, the stripped hulk was sold to China by Ukraine and rebuilt by the Dailian Shipbuilding Industry Company in northeastern China. It was completed in 2012 and has been ready for service since 2016.
South China Sea countries are building larger navies 'Black holes' for Vietnam In recent years, Vietnam has acquired six Russian Kilo-class submarines. Two were delivered in 2017. The subs are nicknamed "black holes" by the US Navy, because they run very quietly and are difficult to locate. They are specialized for missions in shallow waters and for defense against enemy ships and submarines.
South China Sea countries are building larger navies Flagship of the Philippines The BRP Gregorio del Pilar is the flagship of the Philippine Navy. The vessel is one of three former US Coast Guard cutters that were acquired by the Philippines. The ship was first put in service in 1967 and it was modernized in 2011. In 2012, it was involved in the dispute with the People's Republic of China over Scarborough Shoal.
South China Sea countries are building larger navies Warships from European shipyards Indonesia is in the process of buying new ships and modernizing its navy. Pictured here is the KRI Sultan Hasanuddin, a Sigma-class corvette. The ship was built in 2007 in the Netherlands. Germany also supplies warships to countries in the region. The Kasturi-class corvettes in Malaysia and Brunei's Darussalam-class high-seas patrol boats come from Germany shipyards.
South China Sea countries are building larger navies Singapore's stealth ships Singapore is unmatched for hi-tech in the region. Since 2007, city-state has put six Formidable-class stealth ships in service. All of them were built in France.
South China Sea countries are building larger navies The long arm of the US Navy The only truly global naval power remains the US Navy. The seventh fleet is stationed in the Pacific. It is the largest forward-deployed fleet of the US Navy with 50-60 ships, 350 aircraft and 60,000 personnel. This includes the only US aircraft carrier stationed outside of the US, the USS Ronald Reagan, stationed at the US naval base in Yokosuka, Japan. Author: Rodion Ebbighausen (wr)
Antithesis of protectionism
The ASEAN summit also tackled the US position on international trade, with Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong saying the grouping believed that "a free, open and rules-based multilateral trading system is key to the region's growth and prosperity."
The statement follows US President Donald Trump's March 7 announcement of import tariffs to protect domestic steel and aluminum producers on national security grounds.
Lee and Turnbull urged ASEAN to put its weight behind the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership, a China-backed alternative to the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact. Trump withdrew the US from the TPP last year.
"If we secure a good agreement, this would be, as one of our colleagues said this morning, an antithesis of protectionism. It would ensure, on the back of the TPP-11, that the Indo-Pacific continues to be the fulcrum of open and free trade," Turnbull underlined.
Read more:
Australia drifts toward China amid wobbly US ties
China seeks to avoid trade war with US
Watch video 26:00 Share Trade War: Trump against the World? Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uOeu Trade War: Trump against the World?
Myanmar avoids Rohingya condemnation
The Southeast Asian countries also urged Myanmar to protect Rohingya Muslims, who have been fleeing to Bangladesh and other neighboring countries since violent clashes broke out in Myanmar's Rakhine state last year.
ASEAN countries agreed to work closely to provide humanitarian assistance to Rohingya refugees. The summit, however, failed to condemn member state Myanmar.
"We discussed the situation in Rakhine state at considerable length today," Turnbull said at a closing press conference.
"[Myanmar leader] Aung San Suu Kyi addressed the matter comprehensively at some considerable length herself," he added.
"It's a very complex problem … Everyone seeks to end the suffering that has been occasioned by the events, the conflict."
Singaporean PM Lee said that while the Rohingya crisis was a "concern for all ASEAN countries," the grouping "is not able to intervene to force an outcome."
Read more: Myanmar 'militarizing' razed Rohingya villages in Rakhine – Amnesty
Aung San Suu Kyi: From freedom fighter to pariah Darling of democracy The daughter of Myanmar's assassinated founding father, Aung San Suu Kyi returned to her home country in the 1980s after studying and starting a family in England. She became a key figure in the 1988 uprisings against the country's military dictatorship. Her National League for Democracy (NLD) was victorious in 1990 elections but the government refused to honor the vote.
Aung San Suu Kyi: From freedom fighter to pariah Military rule Suu Kyi spent 15 of the 21 years between 1989 and 2010 under house arrest. After 1995, the rights advocate was barred from seeing her two sons and husband, Michael Aris, even after the latter was diagnosed with cancer.
Aung San Suu Kyi: From freedom fighter to pariah 'The Lady' Suu Kyi's determination to bring democracy and human rights to her country won her international renown, including the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize. She was so popular that in 2011 famous French director Luc Besson made a biopic of her life starring Michelle Yeoh. She was often called the world's most famous political prisoner.
Aung San Suu Kyi: From freedom fighter to pariah Sworn in as lawmaker Decades of campaigning finally paid off and in 2012 Suu Kyi was allowed to run in free elections. She won a seat in parliament as Myanmar began its transition away from military government. Since general elections in 2015 she has been the country's de facto civilian leader, although officially she is the foreign minister and state counsellor under President Htin Kyaw.
Aung San Suu Kyi: From freedom fighter to pariah Persecution of the Rohingya Rohingya are a mostly Muslim ethnic group who had their citizenship revoked by Myanmar's Buddhist-majority government in 1982. Long persecuted, their plight intensified in 2016 when the military began what it calls "clearance" of illegal immigrants - but what groups like Human Rights Watch have described as "ethnic cleansing." Thousands have died and hundreds of thousands have fled their homes.
Aung San Suu Kyi: From freedom fighter to pariah Fall from grace When she became state counsellor in 2016, Suu Kyi set up a commission to investigate claims of atrocities against the Rohingya in Rakhine state. Suu Kyi has accused the Rohingya of spreading "a huge iceberg of misinformation," and that she is concerned by the "terrorist threat" posed by extremists. Her stance sparked protests in Muslim-majority countries around the world.
Aung San Suu Kyi: From freedom fighter to pariah Nobel no more? Suu Kyi has been stripped of various honors and lost much of her international support due to her handling of the Rohingya crisis. The Nobel committee was forced to issue a statement saying that her peace prize could not be revoked. Fellow Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai called on Suu Kyi to "stop the violence." Suu Kyi has said that outsiders do not grasp the complexities of the situation. Author: Elizabeth Schumacher
shs/tj (AP, Reuters, AFP)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
DUBAI, April 12 Dubai-listed investment bank Shuaa Capital plans to move its headquarters to Abu Dhabi, sources told Reuters on Thursday.
Shuaa, which has been based in the Emirates Towers for more than 10 years, is set to move to Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM), according to two sources familiar with the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity as the matter is not public.
The move comes as Shuaa Capital's major shareholder Abu Dhabi Financial Group (ADFG) seeks to reduce costs for the investment bank, consolidate the bank with its affiliates, and win mandates in Abu Dhabi, the sources said.
Shuaa Capital declined to comment when contacted by Reuters on Thursday.
The Emirates Towers houses the offices of Dubai's executive offices of the emirate's ruler, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, and of Dubai Group, whose subsidiary sold its 48.4 percent stake in Shuaa to ADFG in June 2016.
ADGM is located in the neighbouring emirate's new financial free-zone on Al Maryah Island.
Shuaa's staff have been informed that they will have to move to the company's new premises by August, one of the sources said.
Staff levels at its offices in the Emirates Towers and DIFC are expected to be reduced, the sources said, and shareholder ADFG is also expected to move to ADGM, the source added.
Shareholders also plan to consolidate Shuaa with Abu Dhabi investment firms Integrated Capital and Integrated Securities, the source added.
The two companies are set to be acquired by Shuaa, according to a filing on March 12, pending due diligence and regulatory approval.
Last month Bahrain's GFH Financial Group said it may merge with Shuaa. (Editing by Jason Neely)
Welcome back to another year of the Pulpmx Show presented by BTOSports.com and Fly Racing! Host Steve Matthes welcomes in former pro Seth Rarick to look ahead to A1, bench race what we think is going to happen, look at the surprises, and much more.
JGR Suzuki's Phil Nicoletti will join the show once again to talk about his happy new year, his thoughts on now racing A1, him and Seth will exchange New York racing stories, and much more.
The voice of SX on Fox Sports is Ralph Sheheen and he'll join the show to talk about this coming weekend, his thoughts on the series, changes to the broadcast, what he's looking forward to, and we'll bench race.
There's a real cool Ken Roczen video coming out from the folks at Red Bull where the #94 rides Jeremy McGrath's 1996 CR250! We'll have Lars Lindstrom on to talk about prepping the bike for the video, the shoot itself, and get his thoughts about A1.
Got a question for the show? Tweet @pulpmxshow and our guy Travis will do his best to get it answered on the BTOSports.com Tweet at Travis segment.
We'll also answer the N-Fab Question of the Day as well as read off some Race Tech emails. Our hosts will be under the gun with the EKS Brand goggles Tear Off segment. The Gear Alloy Cold Call is always fun also right?
What you'll want to do is log-in to Pulpmxshow.com at 6PM PST/9PM EST and we'll be streaming live and hosting a chat room. As usual, you can call in at anytime during the show to talk to the guest or the hosts at 702-586-PULP (7857).
You can listen live on your smartphone with the Tune In App by searching Pulpmx Show and listen live on the Pulpmx App as well.
You can listen to the show the next day on Stitcher.com as well as the Pulpmx App on your smartphone or iTunes for download. It will also be available the next day on Pulpmxshow.com.
Thanks to our sponsor BTOSports.com. BTOSports.com is your #1 source for motocross gear and accessories with Free Shipping WORLDWIDE. BTO Sports is your number one source for all of your motocross parts, gear, accessories and apparel. BTOSports.com is a motocross company who is truly dedicated to the sport.
The PulpMX Show is also presented by Fly Racing. Fly Racing is the industry standard for motocross and off-road gear, as well as our hard parts and accessories. Also Fly Racing and parent company Western Power Sports are now a premier-level partner for the Lucas Oils Pro Motocross Championship. These are just a few ways that Fly Racing is becoming more and more involved in the sport that we all love. Check out what Fly Racing has been up to at their website FlyRacing.com and on social media @flyracingusa.
The Pulpmx show is also brought to you by X-Brand Goggles, Race Tech Suspension, Pivot Works, Vortex Racing, Gear Alloy, Roost MX Graphics, KTMpartsexpress.com, FMF Racing, Atlas Neck Braces, N-FAB Jeep and Truck Parts, Michelin StarCross 5, Works Connection, DUBYA Wheels, 2UNDR, EK Chains and Guts Racing.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SOUTHAMPTON 3 CRYSTAL PALACE 1
Maya Yoshida and James Ward-Prowse scored within a minute of each other in the closing stages to hand Southampton their first home win since January as they came from behind to beat Crystal Palace 3-1 on Wednesday.
Both tucked chances away from close range as Southampton finally reaped reward after creating a myriad second-half chances.
Defeat for the visitors ended their run of four successive wins, which included victory at leaders Chelsea on Saturday, and saw Palace stay 16th, just three points above the drop zone.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring in the 31st minute but, shortly after having a penalty appeal turned down, Southampton equalised when Nathan Redmond finished in the bottom left-hand corner at the end of Steven Davis's delivery. Southampton, whose last success at St Mary's Stadium came against champions Leicester on Jan. 22, saw Ward-Prowse and Shane Long go close as they dominated the second half, despite Palace hitting the crossbar with a hook shot from Martin Kelly in the 65th minute.
Japan international Yoshida stole in at the back post to put Southampton ahead in 84th minute after Redmond's trickery and pace set up the chance and then Dusan Tadic delivered an inch-perfect pass less than 60 seconds later for Ward-Prowse to seal the victory.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by xx)
April 21 Roma Group Ltd :
* Luk, Kee Yan Kelvin an executive director, chairman of board and Chief Executive Officer of group, had been arrested by ICAC on 19 April 2017
* Luk has tendered his resignation as an executive director, chairman of board, chief executive officer of group
* Chan Hong Nei Connie has been appointed as an executive director
* Luk has been subsequently released on bail.
* Investigation has no material adverse impact to group and business and operations of group remain normal.
* Yue, Kwai Wa Ken, an executive director, has been redesignated as chairman of board and Chief Executive Officer of group with effect from 20 April 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO: The Friendship and the Broken bridges over the Yalu River connecting the North Korean town of Sinuiju and Dandong in China's Liaoning province, April 16, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo
SEOUL/VLADIVOSTOK, Russia When North Korean leader Kim Jong-un sent Lunar New Year greetings this year, the first card went to Russian President Vladimir Putin, ahead of leaders from China and other allies of the isolated country, according to its official news agency.
Some academics who study North Korea argue Kim could be looking for Russia to ease any pain if China, which accounts for about 90 percent of North Korea's trade, steps up sanctions against the isolated country as part of moves to deter its nuclear and missile programmes.
READ: Japanese voters split on revising pacifist constitution
U.S. President Donald Trump lavished praise on Chinese President Xi Jinping last week for Beijing's assistance in trying to rein in Pyongyang. A day later, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson pressed the United Nations Security Council to impose more sanctions to further isolate Pyongyang.
There is no sign of any sustainable increase in trade between Russia and North Korea, but business and transport links between the two are getting busier.
A new ferry service starting next week will move up to 200 passengers and 1,000 tonnes of cargo six times a month between North Korea and the Russian port of Vladivostok.
READ: Clinton says Comey's letter and Russian hackers cost her the election
Shipping data on Thomson Reuters Eikon shows there has been a recent steady flow of oil tanker traffic from Vladivostok into North Korean east coast ports.
Last Thursday, five North Korean-flagged oil tankers had loaded up at Vladivostok-area ports and identified North Korean ports as their destination. It was not known what products they were carrying.
Earlier this year, Russian government officials visited Pyongyang to discuss more cooperation in rail transport, according to media reports. A Russian-built railway link between the Russian eastern border town of Khasan and the North Korean port of Rajin has been used to carry some coal, metals and various oil products.
"North Korea does not care about China's pressure or sanctions because there is Russia next door," said Leonid Petrov, a North Korea expert at Australia National University.
"Pyongyang has been playing off Beijing and Moscow for half a century, letting them compete for the right to aid and influence North Korea."
Russia, especially Vladivostok, is also home to one of the largest overseas communities of North Koreans in the world, and they send home tens of thousands of dollars in much-needed hard currency each month.
Speaking at the United Nations last week, Tillerson called on states to sever diplomatic and financial ties with Pyongyang and suspend the flow of North Korean guest workers. The Security Council has not yet agreed on any course of action.
While Russia has not indicated it will oppose U.N. sanctions or seek to dilute them, its ties with the United States are fraught, which could complicate its joining any U.S.-led initiative on North Korea.
Trump and Putin spoke in a telephone call on Tuesday and discussed North Korea, among other issues, both sides said. There was no word of any agreement.
"LOYAL PARTNER"
Samuel Ramani, a Russia expert at Oxford University, said support for the Pyongyang regime could bring economic benefits for Moscow. It would demonstrate Russia was "a loyal partner to anti-Western regimes facing international isolation and sanctions", he said.
"As Russia has close economic links with other countries at odds with the West, like Iran, Venezuela and Syria, this symbolic dimension of the Russia-North Korea relationship has strategic significance."
The United States is calling for an embargo in oil sales to North Korea, which imports all its fuel needs. China, North Korea's main supplier, is unlikely to agree because that would be potentially destabilising for the Pyongyang regime, but it may impose curbs on the trade, experts say.
China exports about 500,000 tonnes of crude and 270,000 tonnes of products each year, oil industry sources in China say. Russia, the other major supplier of oil to North Korea, exported about 36,000 tonnes of oil products in 2015, the latest year for which figures are available, according to U.N. data.
Russia has already taken over the supply of jet fuel to North Korea after China halted exports two years ago, according to the industry sources in China.
Russia is also the source of foreign exchange for North Korea, mostly from Vladivostok.
The city of 600,000 people, just about 100 km (60 miles) from the border with North Korea, is home to thousands of North Koreans who mainly work on construction or do home renovations. A city web site advertises "Korean Professional Contractors" and says they work "Cheaply and Fast".
One North Korean man, who works as a handyman, told Reuters he was obliged to hand over a portion of his income - $500 – to the North Korean state each month. Thin and in his 30s, he did not disclose his monthly income, but said he charged 4,000 roubles (about $70) for a day's labour.
The man said he had worked in Russia for 11 years, leaving his wife and daughter back home whom he only saw on rare visits.
Like all North Koreans, he wore a badge on his lapel bearing the portrait of late North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung.
"It's better here than in North Korea," said the man, who did not want to be named. "It's a very difficult life there. Here you can make money."
But the most symbolic upturn in ties between Russia and North Korea is the start of regular trips of the Mangyongbong ferry from Monday between Vladivostok and the North Korean town of Rajin.
Vladimir Baranov, the head of Vladivostok-based Investstroitrest company, told Reuters his company had chartered the Mangyongbong and would be the general agent for the ferry route. The ageing boat used to ferry tourists between Japan and North Korea, but Tokyo banned its visits in 2006 as part of sanctions against Pyongyang.
An editorial in Japan's Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper described the ferry service to Russia as "a move that puts a damper on international efforts to strengthen the encirclement of North Korea aimed at halting its nuclear and missile development."
Still, despite the differences with the United States and the existing links with North Korea, experts say Russia is unlikely to sharp increase trade with Pyongyang because of its low foreign exchange reserves and general unreliability.
"All trade with North Korea has to be subsidised," said Andrei Lankov, a Russian North Korea expert at Seoul's Kookmin University. "I do not see the Russian government spending its dwindling currency reserves to support the regime they despise and see as incurably ungrateful, and also prone to risky adventurism".
(Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova, Natalia Chumakova, Gleb Gorodyankin, Alexander Winning and Andrew Osborn in Moscow, Steve Holland in Washington,; Michelle Nichols at the United Nations, Chen Aizhu and Josephine Mason in Beijing; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
May 3 Caterpillar Inc
* Caterpillar Inc - On Feb 17, co was notified by U.S. SEC that it concluded its investigation relating to co's acquisition of Bucyrus International, related matters
* Caterpillar Inc - SEC notified co that it did not intend to recommend an enforcement action against Caterpillar in these matters
* Caterpillar - Search and seizure warrants at co's three facilities in March concern both tax and export activities, and related to ongoing grand jury investigation
* Caterpillar - Currently believe that the matter will not have material adverse effect on co's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity Source text: (bit.ly/2p92E82) Further company coverage:
Power or efficiency of a motor or engine determines the overall mechanism of a machine. The volume of fuel and air passing into the inner combustion engine under huge pressure dictates the output of the engine. Industrial turbochargers are examples of forced induction systems since they supply high pressure exhaust gas towards the engine, and make greater amount of air obtainable for combustion. This enhances the functioning ability of an engine almost up to thrice and a turbocharger generally contributes to about three quarters of the power of the engine.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/industrial-turbocharger-market.html
Fuel efficiency norms are projected to enhance the utility of industrial turbochargers in nearly half of the light vehicles, and thus boost the global industrial turbocharger market revenue. Rise in oil prices continue to boost growing fuel effectiveness in engines. This in turn accelerates growth in the global market to a great extent. Another trend encouraging market development is strict emission regulations. Emission norms are fixed off compulsory guidelines regulating many air pollutants, solid or gaseous emitted into the environment by human activity. Hereby industrial turbochargers are designed for protection of the environment, maintenance of human health, and efficient usage of resources. Other drivers for the industrial turbochargers market are corporate average fuel economy standards, predictive strategy of maintenance, targets of carbon emission, rising market for market of passenger vehicles, and trend of engine downsizing.
One of the key restraining forces dictating the global industrial turbocharger market is the fact that diesel soaps disrupt turbochargers. Besides, these turbochargers are essential parts of ships, mining, power generators, and construction equipment. Hence unforeseen breakdown and malfunctioning can adversely affect the functioning of these machines, and this can have dangerous consequences. Strategies for maintenance are of paramount importance to the optimal functioning of the industrial turbochargers. Moreover, this market will in all probability remain dominant in the top manufacturers of auto components globally since market players need substantial space for plants and different equipment for making turbochargers. Hence they require considerable amount of capital for establishing facilities, purchasing raw materials, producing products, and be responsible for marketing them for potential clients. The other restraint is low inclination towards passenger cars running on diesel.
However, the global industrial turbocharger market has medium barriers to entry. There are no government regulations, licensing needs or resource constraints adequate enough for preventing the entry of operators into this market. In the years ahead, even gasoline turbochargers are forecast to penetrate the market at a decent rate.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15053
The global industrial turbocharger market can be segmented on the basis of end-user industries, and geography. On the basis of geography, the market is divided into marine, agricultural equipment, construction and mining equipment, power, and oil and gas. In general, the construction and mining equipment segment has been dominating the market in terms of market share. This market includes the usage of powerful, heavy-duty equipment and machines, such as cranes, excavators, and demolition grapples dependent on turbochargers to enhance the power output of their engine. The constant infrastructural development practices in every major nation worldwide and the growing demand from pharmaceuticals, automotive, and food and beverage industries will propel the growth in case of this segment.
On the basis of geography, the global industrial turbocharger market can be segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the region of Europe, Middle East and Africa. In this market, the key vendors are Cummins, ABB, Honeywell, Napier Turbochargers, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Niitsu, Brogwarner, MTU, Bosch Mahle TurboSystems, Lianoing Rong Li Turbocharge, Precision Turbo and Engine, and Comp Turbo Technology.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
WATCH: An American tourist who had to be airlifted from the Blarney Castle after suffering a heart attack has vowed… t.co/mBLqJIRc8R
The sale represents $1,956 per square foot, ranking the transaction in the top 1% based upon the price per square foot for a single-tenant bank sale nationwide.
BB&T Bank in Bonita Springs, Florida
Contact
Andrew Cunningham | 949.585.7608
acunningham@ hanleyinvestment.com
***@monaghanpr.com Andrew Cunningham | 949.585.7608acunningham@hanleyinvestment.com
End
-- Hanley Investment Group Real Estate Advisors, a nationally-recognized real estate brokerage and advisory firm specializing in retail property sales, announced today that the firm has completed the sale of a single-tenant BB&T Bank located near Naples, Florida, in the city of Bonita Springs. The purchase price was $6.4 million for a 3,272-square-foot building, representing $1,956 per square foot, ranking the transaction inthe all-time top one-percent for a single-tenant bank sale nationwide, according to CoStar.Executive Vice President Eric Wohl and Associate Andrew Cunningham, CCIM, represented the seller, Pontus Capital of La Jolla, CaliforniaThe buyer, a Southern California-based investor, was represented by Daniel Chiprut, senior managing director, Newmark Grubb Knight Frank in Los Angeles.Pontus is a private real estate investment firm that acquires and manages long-term triple-net leased properties to creditworthy tenants nationwide in partnership with institutions, family offices and accredited investors. Pontus principals have acquired over $4 billion of net-lease properties over the last 20 years, primarily through sale-leaseback and portfolio transactions."Utilizing our proprietary database of investors and active market participants, we were able to identify a 1031 exchange buyer, who we had sold a single-tenant bank to in 2016, a Union Bank located in Montclair," said Wohl.Built in 2003, the BB&T bank building with a quadruple lane drive-thru fsbdt and walk-up ATMs is located on a 0.95-acre outparcel to Publix supermarket at the Bonita Grande Crossings shopping center, 12851 Bonita Beach Road in Bonita Springs. The absolute triple-net single-tenant investment has eight years of lease term remaining with three-percent annual rent increases."The property is ideally located in the affluent market of Naples, Florida. It is well positioned as an outparcel to Publix, the dominant Florida grocer, and at the entrance to Bonita Grande Crossings shopping center," said Wohl. "This property checked several boxes for investors looking for a stable investment with low risk: a corporate-backed lease guaranty from an investment grade tenant, excellent trade area demographics, and an absolute NNN lease with eight-plus years of firm term remaining."According to Wohl, the Naples MSA boasts more than 80 championship golf courses and has the most golf holes per capita in the nation. More than 78,000 people with an average household income in excess of $100,000 reside within a five-mile radius of the property. The property also benefits from 78,500 cars per day along nearby Interstate 75, 14,000 cars per day at the intersection of Bonita Beach Road and Bonita Grande Drive and the credit tenants located within Bonita Grande Crossings, which includes Publix, Wells Fargo, 7-Eleven, The Tire Choice, Great Clips, Bon Worth, Subway, and Advance Auto Parts.A Fortune 500 company, BB&T is one of the largest financial services holding companies in the U.S. with $220.3 billion in assets and market capitalization of $37.0 billion as of September 30, 2017. Building on a long tradition of excellence in community banking, BB&T offers a wide range of financial services including retail and commercial banking, investments, insurance, wealth management, asset management, mortgage, corporate banking, capital markets and specialized lending. Based in Winston-Salem, N.C., BB&T operates over 2,100 financial centers in 15 states and Washington, D.C.Hanley Investment Group Real Estate Advisors is a retail investment advisory firm with $6 billion transaction track record nationwide, who works closely with individual investors, lending institutions, developers, and institutional property owners in every facet of the transaction to ensure that the highest value is achieved. For more information, visit www.hanleyinvestmentgroup.com
Coagulation disorder is a condition that affects the way blood normally clots. This clotting process is generally known as coagulation. For the blood to clot, the body requires certain proteins called clotting factors and blood cells called platelets. Normally, at the site of injured or damaged blood vessels, the clotting factors come together and form a fibrin clot. The clot helps in keeping the platelets in place and prevents the blood from flowing out. In people with coagulation disorders, the platelets or clotting factors don't work the way they should or there's a deficiency of clotting factors or platelets. When the blood doesn't coagulate, it can lead to excessive or prolonged bleeding. Absence of the required number of platelets and clotting factors can also lead to sudden bleeding in the joints, muscles or other parts of the body. Majority of the coagulation disorders are inherited. However, some of the coagulation disorders may develop as a result of other medical conditions such as liver disease. Some of the common types of coagulation disorders are hemophilia A, hemophilia B, and Von Willebrand's disease. The diagnosis requires various blood tests to be conducted such as Complete Blood Count (CBC) test and bleeding time test. The treatment of coagulation disorders vary depending on the type of bleeding and its severity. Though the treatment cannot cure coagulation disorders, they can help relieve the symptoms associated with it.
Factors Driving and Restraining the Coagulation Disorders Market
Government initiatives and an increase in healthcare expenditure have improved the quality of healthcare services. This has increase the demand for coagulation disorder test kits and treatments. Increase in the geriatric population will further drive the growth of coagulation disorders market. Increase in population has spurred the demand for diagnostic tests and treatments, this has spurred the growth of coagulation disorders market. However, high costs and risks associated with treatment and tests may have a negative impact on the coagulation disorders market. With technological advances these risks can be minimized. Stringent government regulations may also restrain the growth of coagulation disorders market.
Regional Outlook
The global market for coagulation disorders is segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Japan, and Middle East & Africa. North America leads the coagulation disorders market. Increasing number of coagulation disorder cases and high adoption rate for various tests and treatment are attributed to North America's high market share. Northern Europe is the second large market for coagulation disorders. A steady rise in the demand for test kits and treatments have accelerated the growth of coagulation disorders in Eastern Europe. A surge in the number of coagulation disorder cases and increase in demand for various treatments fuel the growth of coagulation disorders market in Asia Pacific.
Competition Outlook
Examples of some of the key players in the coagulation disorders market are Bio-Rad Laboratories, Hoffman-La Roche Ltd., Griflos S.A., Abbott, Becton Dickinson, B Braun, Fresenius Kabi, Haemonetics Corporation, Immucor, Kidde-Fenwal and Macopharma,Quotient Limited, NOW Foods, Pure Micronutrients, Bayer AG, Nature's Bounty Co., Sundown Naturals, Shaklee Corporation, MegaFood, Solgar Inc., Helena Laboratories, VitroScient, Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech, AB ANALITICA s.r.l. and Randox Laboratories
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6888
Research Methodology
FMI utilizes a triangulation methodology that is primarily based on overall expenditure on life science research and R&D funding and capital equipment installed base to obtain precise market estimations and insights on life science and biotechnology associated products, technologies, applications and services. Bottom-up approach is always used to obtain insightful data for the specific country/regions. The country-specific data is again analysed to derive data at a global level. This methodology ensures high quality and accuracy of information.
Secondary research is used at the initial phase to identify the feasibility of the target products/technology categories and its respective segments, product and service offerings, equipment installed base in end use facilities, adoption rate and future impact of new technologies. Additionally, per capita consumption of kits, reagents and consumables among end users is tracked at a granular level to obtain the most accurate information. Each piece of information is eventually analysed during the entire research project which builds a strong base for the primary research information.
Primary research participants include demand-side respondents such as laboratory managers, procurement managers, research supervisors at academic and research institutes, as well as key opinion leaders in addition to supply-side respondents such as equipment and reagent manufacturers, custom solution and service providers who provide valuable insights on trends, research application of products and technologies, purchasing patterns, services offered and associated pricing.
Quantitative and qualitative assessment of basic factors driving demand, economic factors/cycles and growth rates and strategies utilized by key players in the market is analysed in detail while forecasting, in order to project year-on-year growth rates. These Y-o-Y growth projections are checked and aligned as per associated industry/product lifecycles and further utilized to develop market numbers at a holistic level.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6888
On the other hand, we also analyse annual reports of various companies, investor presentations, SEC filings, 10k reports and earning call transcripts operating in the market to fetch substantial information about the market size, trends, opportunity, drivers, restraints and to analyse key players and their market shares. Key companies are segmented at tier-level based on their revenues, product portfolio and presence.
Please note that these are the partial steps that are being followed while developing the market size. Besides this, forecasting will be done based on our internal proprietary model which also uses different macro-economic factors such as overall life science research expenditure, R&D funding, industry based demand driving factors impacting the market and its forecast trends apart from other macroeconomic factors.
Styling up for a night with the best of styles is quite important as it is the time to glamorizing up yourself in the best of looks. From the ever so classy LBDs and mesmerizing fit and flare dresses, you can get an array to select from.
Contact
Kathel Halo
***@gmail.com Kathel Halo
End
-- Plus Size women can wear them with the makeup and hairstyling they want, but it is essential not to go overboard with the same. Only a Smokey eye makeup and hairdo can take the whole look to another level in a simpler way.are available in numerous of styles and cuts to suit your body and the appearance. All the plus size beauties can choose their favorite dress from a wide range of fashionable dresses to keep their style quotient high. Plus size night club dresses are the perfect picks to keep the entire appearance the way it has to be. Lurap makes it stress-free for the fashionistas to choose such marvelous pieces at reasonable prices. Clients do not have to search for it anywhere else as the collection is just right here.Plus size women always look for the perfect fitted outfit for their wardrobe and their search goes on for quite a long period of time. For this, here at Lurap, we possess standard size options ranging from the small ones like XS to larger ones like 7XL. Our website has come up as an ideal destination for plus size women to get night club dresses easily. There is a lot of convenience by selecting from a wide range of dresses at affordable prices and discounts to avail. Owning the desired night club dress with amazing fits and measurements is the one, and only aim of every curvy woman and we at Lurap work on this to offer them with the best of services.Here, we need to get their inch-to-inch measurements related to every detail, taking from the necklines, lengths and sleeve styles of the dress. Our website deals in exclusive made to measure bespoke service for night club dresses, skirts, tops and denim wear. The another attractive feature is the "Your Design" category, where women have to share an image of their fashion icon donning a dress and an identical one will be made without any hassles. Women can get the perfect fitted night club dress as the design team present here is amazing with their unique ideas. Our website deals in amazing services and incredible prices they have fixed for every dress. Shopping aids such as Cash on Delivery and easy EMIs on purchase exceeding INR 4000 in India are the aims because of which our website has gained a big place in the market.LURAP is the best online shopping store to buyin the latest trends and low prices. The deals and offers available here makes it a favorite shopping destination to shop for those attractive night club dresses.Come and experience the pleasure of shopping for the most amazing styles with the awesome collection of night club dresses at LURAP.
We are overwhelmed to announce and welcome you all to the commencement of our Mental Health Conference titled Annual Congress on Mental Health on July 9th & 10th at Paris, France. Mental Health Conference will be organized around the theme “Mental Health instigation through Psychiatric and Psychological Advancements”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-China-led AIIB approves $324 mln in infrastructure investment
BEIJING, June 15 The China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) said on Thursday it has approved two loans and one equity investment worth $324 million across Georgia, Tajikistan and India.
Defoamers Sales Market by Product Type (Water-based Defoamers, Oil-based Defoamers, Silicone-based Defoamers ) by Application /End User (Chemical Manufacturing and Formulating, Food Production and Processing, Pulp and Paper Manufacturing, Textiles, Paints and Coatings ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2017–2025.
This report studies the Defoamers Sales Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Defoamers Sales Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Defoamers Sales (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Defoamers Sales Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/defoamers-sales-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Defoamers Sales Market : Product Type
• Water-based Defoamers
• Oil-based Defoamers
• Silicone-based Defoamers
Defoamers Sales Market : End User / Application
• Chemical Manufacturing and Formulating
• Food Production and Processing
• Pulp and Paper Manufacturing
• Textiles
• Paints and Coatings
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/defoamers-sales-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
PORTLAND — Registration is still open for the McAuley Residence Walk/Run for Recovery, slated for 8 a.m.-noon Saturday, Aug. 19.
Sponsored by Mercy Hospital, the 5K run/walk and other events will be held at the Mercy campus at 195 Fore River Parkway. Money raised from the event will fund the McAuley Residence program, which provides critical support, counseling and safe housing to women in recovery and their children.
To register, visit http://bit.ly/2uDbyMR or call 879-3605.
Passengers trapped for a night on a stricken ferry off the Indonesian island of Sulawesi were rescued today, officials said, as the death toll rose to 31 with three people missing and believed drowned inside the vessel.
The sinking ferry Lestari Maju is seen in the waters off Selayar island, South Sulawesi, Indonesia. Source: Associated Press
The latest in a succession of boat tragedies in Indonesia began on the same day that officials called off a search for 164 people presumed drowned when a wooden ferry sank on June 18 in a deep volcanic crater lake on the island of Sumatra.
The Sulawesi ferry, with 139 passengers aboard according to its manifest, began sinking Tuesday afternoon in rough seas. In a desperate bid to save lives, the vessel's captain steered it toward shore, grounding it between 200-300 metres from land.
Indonesia's director-general of sea transportation, Agus Purnomo, said in a statement that people trapped on the ferry overnight were rescued early Wednesday.
He didn't specify how many but said the captain and the boat owner were the last two people to leave the vessel.
Amiruddin, chief of the South Sulawesi search and rescue agency, said there were 164 people on the vessel including crew. Amiruddin, who uses one name, said 130 survived.
"We are still searching for three others who we strongly believe are still inside the ship," Amiruddin said.
Photos released by National Disaster Mitigation Agency on Tuesday showed passengers clinging to the listing vessel as others descended into the heavy seas using ropes hung over its side. Most appeared to be wearing lifejackets.
Purnomo credited the captain's actions with helping to save lives.
The 48.5-meter- (159-foot) -long vessel, carrying several dozen vehicles including a bus and trucks, was on its way to Selayar island, just south of the main Sulawesi island, from the port of Bira when it began taking on water.
Ferry tragedies are common in Indonesia, an archipelago of more than 17,000 islands, with weak enforcement of safety regulations often to blame.
President Donald Trump leads a rally marking his first 100 days in office in Harrisburg. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
LOS ANGELES A much-delayed U.S. rule requiring restaurants and retailers to clearly display food calorie counts has been pushed back again, and could be rewritten or scrapped as the Trump administration rebuffs Obama-era regulations.
Notice came shortly after the U.S. Department of Agriculture relaxed some school lunch rules that were part of former first lady Michelle Obama's signature effort to fight childhood obesity.
The Food and Drug Administration late on Monday extended the compliance date for the calorie labeling rule from May 5, 2017, to May 7, 2018, to enable further consideration of ways to cut costs and make requirements more flexible.
The rule was designed to help U.S. consumers, who eat and drink about one-third of their calories away from home, battle the bulge. It is part of the Affordable Care Act of 2010, also known as Obamacare, which the Trump administration has vowed to repeal and replace in a bid to slash regulations it considers harmful to business.
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, who oversees the FDA, said in a statement his agency believed in promoting sound nutrition and applauded the delay.
"Imposing burdensome rules that leave business managers and owners worried about harsh potential penalties and less able to serve their customers is unwise and unhelpful," Price said.
The rule's opponents, including Domino's Pizza Inc, movie theater operators, and convenience and grocery stores, have pushed for delays over the years.
But even if the calorie disclosure rule is killed at the federal level, it is unlikely to go away.
Chains like Panera Bread Co and McDonald's Corp, have been displaying such information for years in compliance with rules set by California, New York City and other jurisdictions.
Panera in 2010 became the first national chain to post calorie counts for its salads, sandwiches and pastries.
Sara Burnett, Panera's director of food policy and wellness, said customers want to know what is in the food they eat, so the chain will continue to comply with the federal law as it was written.
"It's information that helps our guests make informed decisions," Burnett said.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; Editing by Richard Chang)
MILAN (Reuters) - Chievo goalkeeper Stefano Sorrentino produced a memorable double save to frustrate AS Roma while fading Napoli were held at home by Fiorentina as Serie A's weekend of 0-0 draws continued on Sunday.
FILE PHOTO - Soccer Football - Serie A - Chievo Verona vs Napoli - Marcantonio Bentegodi, Verona, Italy - November 5, 2017 Napoli's Lorenzo Insigne in action with Chievo Verona's Stefano Sorrentino REUTERS/Ciro De Luca
Sorrentino defied Patrik Schick and then Gerson in quick succession to cap an outstanding performance in their goalless stalemate, denying fourth-placed Roma a chance to close the gap on the leading trio.
Napoli's draw, which followed the previous week's 1-0 defeat to Juventus, was the first time they had failed to score in successive league games in Maurizio Sarri's two-and-a-half seasons as coach.
AC Milan gave Gennaro Gattuso his first win as their new coach when two goals from Giacomo Bonaventura gave them a 2-1 win over Bologna at snowy San Siro, their first at home in the league since late September.
Inter Milan, still unbeaten, lead with 40 points from 16 games after they also drew 0-0 away to titleholders Juventus on Saturday. Napoli is a point behind in second, followed by Juve on 38 and Roma in fourth on 35.
Roma dominated their match but found Sorrentino, on the wrong end of a 5-0 defeat against Inter Milan one week ago, in unbeatable form.
The highlight came when the 38-year-old parried the ball at point-blank range after Schick deflected Aleksandar Kolarov's drive with a back-heel. Sorrentino then also managed to block Gerson's effort from the rebound.
He also made a point-blank save by Maxime Gonalons in the second half, stopped another powerful Kolarov effort and then managed to block a deflected Schick effort with his leg to keep the Flying Donkeys afloat.
“Our goalkeeper gave us a big hand today. Sorrentino's secret is that he is a great professional with real fire,” said Chievo coach Rolando Maran, whose side is tenth.
Soccer Football - Serie A - Napoli vs Fiorentina - Stadio San Paolo, Naples, Italy - December 10, 2017 Fiorentina's Marco Sportiello in action with Napoli's Marko Rog REUTERS/Ciro De Luca
Piotr Zielinski had Napoli's best chances when he fired over the crossbar from a good position and then saw another shot turned on to the post by Fiorentina goalkeeper Marco Sportiello.
Marek Hamsik hit the post from the edge of the area and Dries Mertens missed another good chance as Napoli's usually lethal finishing let them down.
Milan, held 2-2 by bottom-of-the-table Benevento on Gattuso's debut one week ago and beaten by Rijeka in the Europa League on Thursday, got off to a perfect start when Bonaventura scored with a deflected shot in the tenth minute.
Slideshow (13 Images)
Simone Verdi replied for Bologna 13 minutes later and the San Siro crowd was starting to get impatient when Bonaventura outjumped his marker to head in from Fabio Borini's cross in the 76th minute.
Milan, seventh with 24 points, still had to cling on as Verdi saw a header turned around the post by Gianluigi Donnarumma and Adam Masina's deflected volley bounced off the top of the crossbar.
SPAL scored twice in the final five minutes to draw 2-2 at home to Verona.
Alessio Cerci, from a penalty, and Martin Caceres netted after halftime for the visitors but Alberto Paloschi pulled one back in the 86th minute and Mirco Antenucci converted the second penalty of the match two minutes later.
Benevento, who picked up their first point of the season at home to AC Milan a week ago, went back to their losing ways in a 2-0 defeat at Udinese, leaving them bottom with one point from 16 games.
Former Italy goalkeeper Walter Zenga made a losing start in charge of lowly Crotone as they lost 2-1 at fellow strugglers Sassuolo.
FILE PHOTO: Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., February 17, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A commuter passes by the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in the financial district in New York City, U.S., February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK Institutional Shareholder Services Inc, the world's top proxy advisory firm, is making activist investors work harder than ever to earn its backing in corporate control battles in a shift being led by the new man in charge of its recommendations.
Since Cristiano Guerra formally took over in January as the head of ISS's special situations research team, the firm's support for activists in proxy fights has fallen to 50 percent of the cases, compared with 60 percent last year, according to data from FactSet and Proxy Insight. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2nhYXei)Guerra became acting head on Sept. 1 of last year.
While it is still early in his tenure, Guerra has indicated a greater willingness to challenge activist funds pushing for changes in corporate boards and strategies, according interviews with advisors, investors, and current and former colleagues.
"I think (Guerra) is fair and has no obvious sympathy for one side or the other," said Bruce Goldfarb, CEO of proxy solicitation firm Okapi Partners.
"There will be a more significant burden, more so than in the past, for activists to explain why ISS should support them."
Bought by private equity firm Vestar Capital Partners in 2014, ISS has a staff of 900 covering each year 40,000 meetings of publicly traded companies worldwide, offering recommendations on everything from CEO pay to a board's bylaws. Guerra's team - which also issues recommendations on mergers and acquisitions - wields significant influence over the outcome of proxy fights and contested transactions.
Signs that ISS's stance is evolving from one perceived as more sympathetic towards activist shareholders comes at a time when activist targets are thinning out and smaller in size after a six-year surge in campaigns against corporate boards.
Guerra's most telling decision so far came on March 16, when ISS recommended shareholders for Cypress Semiconductor Corp (CY.O), which was facing a proxy fight, vote for management's proposal to eliminate cumulative voting. The structure favors minority shareholders because it gives them more power when deciding the fate of individual board members. ISS had rarely recommended eliminating such a shareholder right in the face of a contested election. Guerra played a key role in ISS adopting the position that by eliminating the cumulative voting bylaw, and adopting other measures, it would the playing field for all shareholders, according to people familiar with the matter. "I don't think ISS would have made that kind of decision five years ago," said one of Guerra's former colleagues, who offered to be interviewed only on condition of anonymity.
Guerra, 44, was an executive at an aviation security company before he joined ISS in 2009. Quiet and deliberate, sources say, he has kept a low profile since his appointment and declined to be interviewed. ISS spokesman Subodh Mishra also declined to comment on the company's behalf for the story.
One of the biggest challenges facing ISS and Guerra's team is defending its position as the go-to source for shareholder recommendations. Big asset managers, such as BlackRock Inc (BLK.N) and Vanguard Group Inc, are building up their in-house proxy voting arms. Advisory firms such as Camberview Partners LLC and Sard Verbinnen & Co are hiring former ISS staffers and corporate governance experts to expand into proxy advisory work.
The Maryland-based company is under constant pressure to demonstrate its impartiality given it gets paid by institutional funds for its research and recommendations. ISS has increased its reach to companies as well in recent years, which use its consulting arm for corporate governance advisory services.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has criticized ISS for siding with shareholders at the expense of CEOs and company directors, and has called for more regulatory oversight, which resulted in a Congressional bill last year that never made it to a vote.
ISS's special situations research team has yet to be tested by a major, high-profile proxy contest under Guerra's leadership. That will come later in this year's proxy season, when it rules on activist hedge fund Elliott Management LP's attempt to overthrow board directors and the CEO of Arconic Inc (ARNC.N), the $10 billion specialty metals company.
(Reporting by Michael Flaherty; Editing by Greg Roumeliotis and Tomasz Janowski)
MOVES- Evercore taps Krumpelman for financial services group
NEW YORK, June 14 (IFR) - Evercore hired Tannon Krumpelman to lead its advisory business for banking and specialty finance companies in the Americas working out of New York.
Puerto Rico's Governor Ricardo Rossello (C) arrives for a meeting of the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico at the Convention Center in San Juan, Puerto Rico March 31, 2017. Picture taken March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
Students of the University of Puerto Rico protest as a meeting of the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico is taking place at the Convention Center in San Juan, Puerto Rico March 31, 2017. Picture taken March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
Chairman of Puerto Rico's fiscal control board Jose Carrion III (2nd L), members of the board Ana Matosantos (L) and David Skeel attend a meeting of the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico at the Convention Center in San Juan, Puerto Rico March 31, 2017. Picture taken March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
Puerto Rico's Governor Ricardo Rossello (L) addresses the audience during a meeting of the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico at the Convention Center in San Juan, Puerto Rico March 31, 2017. Picture taken March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
Students of the University of Puerto Rico protest as a meeting of the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico is taking place at the Convention Center in San Juan, Puerto Rico March 31, 2017. Picture taken March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
Police stand behind a barricade, with the writing 'Peace' on it, to block protesters as a meeting of the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico is taking place at the Convention Center in San Juan, Puerto Rico March 31, 2017. Picture taken March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
Students of the University of Puerto Rico protest as a meeting of the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico is taking place at the Convention Center in San Juan, Puerto Rico March 31, 2017. Picture taken March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
NEW YORK Bankruptcy for Puerto Rico is looking ever more likely as the clock ticks down toward a May 1 deadline to restructure $70 billion in debt, ramping up uncertainty for anyone betting on returns from the island's widely held U.S. municipal bonds.
When U.S. Congress last year passed the Puerto Rico rescue law dubbed PROMESA, it froze creditor lawsuits against the island so its federally appointed oversight board and creditors could negotiate out of court on the biggest debt restructuring in U.S. municipal history.
The freeze expires on May 1, however, and an extension by Congress is "not going to happen," said a Republican aide to the House Committee on Natural Resources, which is in charge of territory matters.
A round of mediated talks is scheduled to begin on Thursday. But absent an agreement soon, a growing number of analysts say Puerto Rico will seek protection from creditors under PROMESA's court-sanctioned restructuring process, akin to U.S. bankruptcy.
Forbearance deals could let negotiations continue past May 1, but a source directly involved in the talks said avoiding an eventual bankruptcy is "impossible."
The source, who declined to be named because the talks are private, said parties have grown further apart since Governor Ricardo Rossello took office in January.
The negotiating tactics of Rossello and the board have jarred investors who expected more creditor-friendly approaches from both. The board is pushing debt repayment cuts more than double those proposed by former Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla, a populist whose policies had already alienated creditors.
Disparate stakeholders have united to question the legality of a fiscal turnaround blueprint approved by the board, and to resist mediation efforts.
Hector Negroni, whose Fundamental Credit Opportunities fund holds Puerto Rico debt, said he recalled "constructive comments" from Rossello and board members "about protecting the priorities of creditors" during the board's early days. "But their words are not being followed up by their actions," Negroni said.
Bankruptcy is now "the most likely outcome," said Height Securities analyst Ed Groshans, who increased loss projections for bond insurers like MBIA Inc and Assured Guaranty Ltd in an April 3 note.
Elias Sanchez, Rossello's liaison to the board, said the government holds out hope for at least partial compromise. "We feel very confident we can strike some deals by May 1, maybe not all of them," Sanchez said.
The oversight board is committed to pursuing agreements out of court, its spokesman, Francisco Cimadevilla, said. "A transaction is always better than a lawsuit," he said.
But with myriad creditor classes competing for priority, compromise over Puerto Rico - once a rising star of U.S. high-yield muni funds - could be tough.
"The more creditors insist that part of their position is that no one fare better than they do, the more difficult that is to effectuate outside of bankruptcy," said restructuring expert Melissa Jacoby, a professor at the University of North Carolina School of Law.
Puerto Rico is trying to escape a crisis marked by a 45 percent poverty rate and rampant emigration.
Since bankruptcy gives debtors the ability to impose payment cuts over creditor objections, it is seen as a negative for bond markets, Jacoby said.
Trading prices of Puerto Rico's benchmark 2035 general obligation bonds have reflected that concern, falling precipitously in recent weeks.
But risk cuts both ways and Sanchez said the government wants to avoid bankruptcy as much as creditors.
Putting Puerto Rico's fate in the unpredictable hands of a judge "could go really bad for the government too," he said.
(Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Tom Brown)
April 29 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the US championship matches on Saturday Saturday, April 29 Montreal Impact 1 Vancouver Whitecaps 2 Orlando City SC 2 Colorado Rapids 0 Friday, April 28 Toronto FC 2 Houston Dynamo 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts Eastern Conference 1 Orlando City SC 7 6 0 1 10 5 18 2 Columbus Crew 8 4 1 3 11 10 13 3 New York Red Bulls 8 4 1 3 9 9 13 4 Toronto FC 8 3 4 1 12 7 13 5 Atlanta United FC 7 3 2 2 17 8 11 6 Chicago Fire 7 3 2 2 10 10 11 7 New York City FC 7 3 1 3 11 7 10 8 New England Revolution 8 2 3 3 11 11 9 9 DC United 7 2 2 3 6 12 8 10 Montreal Impact 8 1 4 3 11 14 7 11 Philadelphia Union 7 0 3 4 8 14 3 Western Conference 1 Portland Timbers 8 5 1 2 18 10 16 2 FC Dallas 6 4 2 0 8 3 14 3 Houston Dynamo 8 4 1 3 15 13 13 4 Sporting Kansas City 7 3 3 1 6 3 12 5 Vancouver Whitecaps 8 3 1 4 11 14 10 6 Seattle Sounders 7 2 3 2 11 8 9 7 San Jose Earthquakes 8 2 3 3 8 10 9 8 Real Salt Lake 8 2 2 4 9 12 8 9 Minnesota United FC 8 2 2 4 13 24 8 10 LA Galaxy 7 2 0 5 8 13 6 11 Colorado Rapids 7 1 1 5 5 11 4 Next Fixtures (GMT): Saturday, April 29 Columbus Crew v New York City FC (2330) New York Red Bulls v Chicago Fire (2330) Sunday, April 30 FC Dallas v Portland Timbers (0000) Minnesota United FC v San Jose Earthquakes (0000) Sporting Kansas City v Real Salt Lake (0030) Seattle Sounders v New England Revolution (0200) LA Galaxy v Philadelphia Union (0230) Atlanta United FC v DC United (1900)
By Ben Efe
Nigerian athletes who were hosted to a dinner by President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday night following their exploits at the 2018 Commonwealth Games, are at daggers drawn with Athletics Federation of Nigeria officials after their transportation allowance was cut.
It was gathered that after the dinner every athlete and coach who attended the event was given a N60,000 transportation grant back home even as the President did not make any traditional monetary donation to the athletes who were highly expectant.
However, track and field athletes were paid only N20,000 by the AFN whereas other sports' athltes got N60,000.
“We were expecting the President to make us happy, but he didn't, said one of the athletes. “Just when we were recovering from that shock, we discovered that the N60,000 transportation money given to us have been cut by the AFN. “We were told to present evidence that we took flights to Abuja, before we could be paid the full amount.”
This story is about Published 1h
Saturday's TV/Radio listings (October 7) Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Paul Moseley/pmoseley@star-telegram.com TCU Horned Frogs wide receiver Shaun Nixon (3) leaps in the air with wide receiver Jalen Reagor (18) after Nixon's second quarter touchdown as SMU plays TCU in their annual Iron Skillet game in Fort Worth, Saturday, September 16, 2017. ORG XMIT: B7310934504Z.1
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Event Time TV **MLB Playoffs** Chi. Cubs at Washington 4:30 TBS Arizona at Los Angeles 8:00 TBS **NBA Preseason** Miami at Orlando 6:00 NBA **Horse Racing** Fall Stars Weekend 4:00 Ch. 5 **College Football** Iowa St. at Oklahoma 11a Ch. 4 Penn State at N. Western 11a Ch. 8 Illinois at Iowa 11a BigTen Tulsa at Tulane 11a ESPNU E. Michigan at Toledo 11a CBSSN Georgia at Vanderbilt 11a ESPN Wake Forest at Clemson 11a ESPN2 Temple at ECU 11a ESPNU Texas Tech at Kansas 11a FS1 Mississippi at Auburn 11a SEC Pittsburgh at Syracuse 11:30 am FSSW Portland at Montana St. noon AT&T* Notre Dame at UNC 2:30 Ch. 8 LSU at Florida 2:30 Ch. 11 Charleston So. at Indiana 2:30 BigTen Air Force at Navy 2:30 CBSSN Miami at Florida St. 2:30 ESPN Minnesota at Purdue 2:30 ESPN2 West Virginia at TCU 2:30 FS1 Maryland at Ohio State 3:00 Ch. 4 Oregon St. at USC 3:00 Pac12 Arkansas at S. Carolina 3:00 SEC CSU at Utah St. 3:30 AT&T* Army at Rice 5:30 beIN SMU at Houston 6:00 CBSSN Kansas St. at Texas 6:00 FS1 Cent. Ark. vs. Hou. Baptist 6:00 FSSW+ Alabama at Texas A&M 6:15 ESPN Va. Tech at Boston Col. 6:15 ESPN2 Missouri at Kentucky 6:30 SEC Michigan St. at Michigan 6:37 Ch. 8 Wash. St. at Oregon 7:00 Ch. 4 Wisconsin at Nebraska 7:00 BigTen UCF at Cincinnati 7:00 ESPNU Arizona at Colorado 7:00 Pac12 Stanford at Utah 9:15 FS1 Hawaii at Nevada 9:30 CBSSN Cal at Washington 9:45 ESPN SDSU at UNLV 9:45 ESPN2 **Golf** A.H. Links Championship 7 am Golf PGA: Safeway Open 4:30 Golf **NHL** Nashville at Pittsburgh 6:00 NHLN Stars at St. Louis 7:00 FSSW **Martial arts** UFC 216 Prelims 7:00 FX **Motor sports** IMSA Petit Le Mans 9:30a FS1 NASCAR Monster: Bank of America 500, Practice 10a NBCSN IMSA Petit Le Mans 10:30 am FS2 NASCAR Xfinity: Drive for The Cure 300, Qualifying 11a NBCSN NASCAR Monster: Bank of America 500, Practice 12:30 NBCSN NASCAR Xfinity: Drive for The Cure 300 2:00 NBCSN IMSA Road Atlanta 4:00 FS2 FIA Formula 2 Jerez 10:00 NBCSN F1 Japanese Grand Prix 11:30 NBCSN **Soccer** U-17: Teams TBA 6:20a FS1 FIFA: Germany vs. Costa Rica 6:20a FS2 FIFA: Uganda vs. Ghana 7:50a beIN FIFA: Nigeria vs. Zambia 10:50 am beIN FIFA: Bosnia & Herz. vs. Belgium 10:50 am ESPNN FIFA: Bulgaria vs. France 1:30 FS2 NWSL: Orlando at Portland 2:30 LIFE MLS: FC Dallas at Colorado 8:00 Ch. 21 *Formerly ROOT Sports All listings are subject to change Fox Sports Southwest Time **NHL** Stars Live Pregame 6:30 Stars at St. Louis 7:00 **College Football** Pittsburgh at Syracuse 11:30 am Cent. Arkansas at Houston Baptist (FSSW+) 6:00 FSSW+ is on Time Warner Digital (Ch. 319), Charter-Park Cities/Fort Worth (Ch. 300, Ch. 776 for HD), Charter-Rockwall (Ch. 38/314, Ch. 860 for HD), Charter-Denton (Ch. 314), DirecTV (Ch. 676-1), AT&T U-Verse (Ch. 755, Ch. 1755 for HD), FiOS (Ch. 77, Ch. 577 for HD) and Dish (Ch. 440-442). ON RADIO NHL: Stars at St. Louis, 7:05 p.m., KTCK-FM 96.7 The Ticket College Football: Texas Tech at Kansas, 11 a.m., KWRD-FM 100.7 West Virginia at TCU, 2:30 p.m., WBAP-AM 820 LSU at Florida, 2:30 p.m., KRLD-FM 105.3 The Fan SMU at Houston, 6 p.m., KTCK-AM 1310 Kansas St. at Texas, 6 p.m., KRLD-FM 105.3 The Fan Texas A&M at Alabama, 6:15 p.m., KESN-FM 103.3 or KKGM-AM 1630 MLB: Chi. Cubs at Washington, 4:30 p.m., KESN-FM 103.3 ESPN Radio Arizona at LA Dodgers, 8 p.m., KESN-FM 103.3 ESPN Radio
MOSCOW, March 29 Russian and Turkish economy ministries plan to hold consultations on Russian grain supplies to Turkey soon, Russia's RIA news agency reported on Wednesday citing Russian deputy economy minister Alexei Gruzdev.
Turkey put purchases of wheat, maize and sunflower from Russia on hold earlier in March. Ankara officially denies it has imposed any bans on imports from Moscow. (Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; writing by Maria Tsvetkova; editing by Polina Devitt)
Whitsunday FC premier men and Reserves teams won on forfeit after the Magpies withdrew on Saturday to play tri-series matches.
Whitsunday FC premier men and Reserves teams won on forfeit after the Magpies withdrew on Saturday to play tri-series matches. PETER CARRUTHERS
THE Whitsunday FC Premier Men's team had plans to travel to Bowen to face off against the Magpies Crusaders on Saturday, however a last-minute call-up to play in the Premier League Tri Series meant the Mackay side forfeited.
Whitsunday FC got the points for the win and are now sitting in equal second place on the Mackay and Regional Football Zone ladder after seven rounds.
Sharing the second place position with the Rangers and the Magpies, Wanderers are on top with six wins from seven matches.
After claiming the wooden spoon last season, Whitsunday FC's Tom Machin said a better showing this season was a welcome turnaround.
"It is a big change compared to last year when we were really short on players,” he said.
Machin said the returning coach has provided focus and structure to the team and the club as a whole.
"We have been working on different training styles the moral in the team better.”
The Whitsunday/Proserpine Under-14s side had a great game against City Brothers and managed to take a draw.
Machin said the Under-12s team was kicking some goals this season and is well placed in equal third position on the MRFZ ladder.
The Reserve Grade Men's side also won off the back of a forfeit by the Magpies and are equal second on the ladder after winning five matches from seven starts.
Next week the Premier Men's and Reserve teams go head to head with the City Brothers. Machin said he expected it to be a "battle” against a side known for their physicality when the two teams meet at the City Brothers field in Mackay on Saturday.
The U12s take on West United, U14s Premier team play Brothers Eagles as do the Under-13s side in Mackay.
April 13 Millennium Pg-voluntary Announcement Litigation
* Company is seeking legal advice in respect of legal proceeding and in filing of its defence Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Fortress Investment Group LLC, the U.S. alternative asset manager to be acquired by Japan's SoftBank Group for $3.3 billion, is exploring divesting bond fund manager Logan Circle Partners, according to people familiar with the matter.
While Logan Circle accounts for close to half of Fortress' $69.6 billion in assets under management, it generated a tiny fraction of its $362 million in pre-tax distributable earnings in 2016, making it a non-core asset in the eyes of SoftBank.
Fortress is working with Bank of America Corp on an auction for Logan Circle, but the process is still in early stages, the sources said this week.
Logan Circle may be valued at around $250 million in a sale, the sources added, asking not to be identified because the sale process is confidential.
Fortress and Bank of America declined to comment.
Founded by Chief Executive Jude Driscoll in 2007 as a joint venture between management and Guggenheim Partners LLC, Logan Circle was bought by Fortress in 2010 for an initial $21 million.
Asset manager Fortress' investments span real estate, hedge funds and private equity. The all-cash sale to SoftBank, expected to close in the second half of 2017, is the Japanese group's first major investment in an asset manager after previously focusing on telecoms and technology firms. (Reporting by Mike Stone in Washington and David French in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)
SEOUL The South Korean Unification Ministry said on Friday it expects the national women's soccer team's trip to North Korea for an international competition to proceed in a "calm and orderly manner".
The South Korean government approved the team's trip to Pyongyang for next month's 2018 AFC Women's Asian Cup qualifiers in North Korea on Thursday.
South Korean athletes need approval from Seoul to enter the North as the 1950-53 Korean War ended with a truce, not a peace treaty, leaving the two Koreas technically in a state of war.
Group B of qualifying for the Asian Cup finals in Jordan will be held in Pyongyang from April 3-11, with Hong Kong, Uzbekistan and India also involved. The match between the two Koreas is scheduled for April 7.
A ministry official confirmed they had approved the trip for the South Korean delegation, which consists of 23 players, 18 coaching staff members and 10 reporters.
North Korea provided written safety assurances for the South's delegation to Seoul via the Asian Football Conferedation late on Wednesday.
Ministry deputy spokeswoman Lee Eugene said in a briefing on Friday that the “government gave approval considering that the competition is an international sports game held according to international rules and procedures ...(and) expects it to be carried out in a calm and orderly manner, considering the current situation between South Korea and North Korea.”
Tensions on the peninsula are currently high, with South Korea saying last week that the North was ready to carry out a new nuclear test.
The decision to approve the visit comes after Seoul gave the green light for the North Korean women's ice hockey team to visit the South for a competition.
The International Ice Hockey Federation's (IIHF) Women's World Championship Division II Group A will be held in Gangneung from April 2-8 and will be used as a test event for the ice hockey at the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea.
The North Korean delegation is schedule to arrive in the South on Saturday.
(Reporting by Jeongeun Lee; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
April 6 Tianjin Songjiang Co Ltd
* Says it returns to net profit of 423.3 million yuan ($61.38 million) in Q1 versus net loss of 360.2 million yuan year ago
* Says it plans to buy 80 percent stake in technology firm for 1.2 billion yuan by cash
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2oEGhKT; bit.ly/2nfNMrI
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8965 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
"Metaphorical Narratives" spotlights 20 paintings spanning Williamson's career and two new site-specific installations; September 16, 2017–January 7, 2018
End
-- Opening September 16, 2017 at the Montclair Art Museum (MAM),is the first museum retrospective of Montclair-based and nationally renowned contemporary artist Philemona Williamson. Primarily spotlighting her metaphorically rich, narrative paintings, the exhibition is accompanied by two site-specific installations illuminating the artist's creative process. The exhibition will be on view through January 7, 2018.In Roberts Gallery, a selection of 20 paintings spans Williamson's career from 1988 to the present. Williamson's dynamic paintings primarily feature figures of indeterminate age and ethnicities engaged in evocative actions fraught with mystery and universal significance. Often autobiographically inspired, the paintings do not focus on conveying a story, but rather present an underlying idea or emotion. Poetically titled, these works invite viewers to use their imaginations to interpret their open-ended narratives. The artist's use of vibrant colors and firmly modeled yet generalized forms within timeless, invented spaces is the foundation for her skillful negotiation between metaphor and narrative.In complement to these paintings, two site-specific installations reveal Williamson's creative process. Full of pentimenti (traces of previous compositions), her large figurative paintings are based on a process of trial and error. She is inspired by her memories and a range of objects in her studio, including a lifelong fascination with dolls. In Laurie Art Stairway,a composite photograph on poplin, captures Williamson's "Inspiration Wall" in her studio. In the Constable Rotunda gallery, four large abstracted dolls adopt and transform traditional topsy-turvy folk art dolls."Williamson's work is spellbinding and beautifully crafted," said Lora Urbanelli, MAM director. "Viewing her paintings, I find myself entangled in a web of emotions, memories, and thoughts about the nature of a lifetime of social relationships.""I have been intrigued with Williamson's work ever since featuring one of her paintings in the 2003 exhibition at the Montclair Art Museum,," Gail Stavitsky, MAM chief curator adds. "I am so pleased to have the opportunity to delve further into the complexities of her visually and intellectually compelling work."The exhibition is curated by Gail Stavitsky, MAM chief curator. A fully illustrated 32-page catalogue will accompany the show, with an essay by Stavitsky.– Philemona WilliamsonPhilemona Williamson lives in Upper Montclair and maintains her studio in East Orange, NJ. She holds a BA from Bennington College and an MA from New York University. Nationally renowned, she has received a Joan Mitchell Foundation Award, a Pollock-Krasner Award, and a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship in painting, among others. Williamson is represented by June Kelly Gallery in New York. Her work is in numerous private and public collections, including the Mint Museum of Art, Sheldon Museum of Art, and the Hampton University Art Museum. She has also taught at Parsons School of Design, Cooper Union, and other venues.Thursday, November 9, 7 p.m.Join MAM for an engaging conversation between the Museum's chief curator Gail Stavitsky and artist Philemona Williamson. Montclair-based and nationally renowned, Williamson is currently spotlighted at MAM in her first major museum solo exhibition.Sunday, November 12, 1–4 p.m.Participate in a day of themed exploration with many dynamic activities reflecting MAM's current exhibitionsandSaturday, November 18, 10:30 a.m.–4:30 p.m.How can our personal memories inform the artwork we create today? Take an artist-led tour ofandfor inspiration. Explore the theme of identity with master artist Philemona Williamson as you create highly personalized narrative works. Recommended for intermediate to advanced artists and art educators with experience in oil, tempera, watercolor, or collage, and those who have a willingness to take creative risks! Bring photos or personal items to add to the class inspiration wall, art supplies, and a bag lunch. A recommended supply list will be available upon registration.
QUITO Ecuador's conservative challenger Guillermo Lasso had 53.02 percent of votes versus 46.98 percent for leftist government-backed candidate Lenin Moreno, leading exit poll Cedatos showed on Sunday afternoon.
But a separate exit poll by Perfiles de Opinion showed Moreno garnering 52.2 percent of the vote versus 47.8 percent for Lasso.
Both candidates were already celebrating, according to Reuters witnesses.
(Reporting by Alexandra Ulmer and Alexandra Valencia; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Highlights Prabhu chaat bhandaar was established in 1935
Prabhu chaat bhandar is also famous as UPSC chaat
Theor bharwa gol gappa and Papdi chaat are a must-try
Prabhu Chaat Bhandar; Photo Credit: Sushmita Sengupta
Prabhu Chaat Bhandar's famous Aloo Tikki Chaat; Photo Credit: Sushmita Sengupta
Prabhu Chaat Bhandar's Bhalla Papdi; Photo Credit: Sushmita Sengupta
During the British Raj, police officials often harassed Nathu's chaat stall, fining himfor illegally putting it up, but Nathu and his son continued selling their delectable chaat preparations. As the country fought for its independence, Nathu had his own little rebellion against the British to continue his meagre business, his sole source of income. But the days of darkness were soon going to pass, as his days of prime were waiting to take over. Prabhu Chaat Bhandar's popularity skyrocketed to another level, especially amongst the office goingstationed around in the vicinity. Till today, there is no seating and the stall is crowded by hordes of customers from the Government offices nearby.Several renowned celebrities like Manoj Kumar and Rajesh Khanna have also frequented the stall. In eight celebrated decades, a lot may have changed for and around Prabhu Chaat Bhandar, and in Delhi in general, but somethings remain the same. Like the massive Sunday gatherings. Weekends could be a hard time to get your plate of chaat at Prabhu Chaat Bhandar, but it is all worth it.Where: Prabhu Chat Bhandar, Dholpur House, Shahjahan Road, Near UPSC Office, Khan Market, New DelhiCost for two:INR 120
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Aydon Income Properties Inc
* Applied for and received management cease trade order from British Columbia securities commission, co's principal regulator
* Was not be able to meet filing deadline of May 1, 2017 for audited financial statements for year ended december 31, 2016
* Expects to have audited financial statements ready for filing within two weeks of filing deadline of May 1, 2017
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
April 19 General Motors Co said on Wednesday that it is ceasing its Venezuelan operations after its assets in the country were seized by public authorities.
"Yesterday, GMV's plant was unexpectedly taken by the public authorities, preventing normal operations. In addition, other assets of the company, such as vehicles, have been illegally taken from its facilities," GM unit General Motors Venezolana (GMV) said in an emailed statement.
GM will continue to provide aftermarket service and parts for its customers through its dealers, it added. (Reporting by Ismail Shakil in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Photo by Naoki Fukuda
For much of this decade, Shinsuke Yamanaka has been the class of the bantamweight division and on Tuesday the Japanese superstar bids to prove his worth once again when he takes on unbeaten mandatory challenger Luis Nery at the Shimazu Arena in Kyoto.
Yamanaka (27-0-2, 19 knockouts) is the second-longest reigning world champion in boxing – behind unified middleweight titleholder Gennady Golovkin – having held the WBC belt since November 2011.
After stopping Anselmo Moreno last year to claim the vacant RING championship at 118 pounds, Yamanaka finally made it on to THE RING pound-for-pound list. He is currently rated No. 10.
The veteran southpaw, who turns 35 in October, is now zoning in on three significant records:
Most successful defenses by a Japanese fighter – Yamanaka has made 12. If he beats Nery, he will equal the long-standing record of Yoko Gushiken that has stood since 1981.
– Yamanaka has made 12. If he beats Nery, he will equal the long-standing record of Yoko Gushiken that has stood since 1981. Longest reigning bantamweight in history – That record is currently held by Orlando Canizales who held the WBA strap for 6-and-a-half-years. Yamanaka is just nine-months away.
– That record is currently held by Orlando Canizales who held the WBA strap for 6-and-a-half-years. Yamanaka is just nine-months away. Most bantamweight title defenses – Canizales has (16), Manuel Ortiz (15), Veeraphol Saprahom (14). Victory over Nery will see him pass former victim, Anselmo Moreno's mark of (12).
Here's a look at Yamanaka's 12 world title defenses:
April 6, 2012 – Vic Darchinyan UD 12 – Tokyo International Forum, Tokyo: In a meeting of southpaw punchers, Yamanaka got off to a good start and outpointed the former two-weight world titlist. Scores were 117-111, 116-112 (twice).
November 3, 2012 – Tomas Rojas KO 7 – Xebio Arena, Sendai, Miyagi: Yamanaka dominated the former WBC 115-pound belt holder; emphatically knocking him out in at 0:36 of the seventh round.
April 8, 2013 – Malcolm Tunacao TKO 12 – Kokugikan, Tokyo: Tunacao was an ex-WBC 112-pound titleholder but Yamanaka dropped him twice in the third round before adding the exclamation point of a final round knockout.
August 12, 2013 – Jose Nieves KO 1 – Ota-City General Gymnasium, Tokyo: The heavy-handed southpaw took out the over-matched Puerto Rican in the opening round with minimal fuss.
November 10, 2013 – Alberto Guevara KO 9 – Kokugikan, Tokyo: Yamanaka had his way with his Mexican challenger, dropping him twice in the eighth round and knocking him out one round later.
April 23, 2014 – Stephane Jamoye TKO 9 – Osaka-Jo Hall, Osaka, Osaka: Yamanaka delighted his fans, dropping Jamoye five times on his way to a comprehensive ninth-round beat down.
October 22, 2014 – Suriyan Sor Rungvisai UD 12 – Yoyogi #2 Gymnasium, Tokyo: Yamanaka dropped his mandatory challenger three times but was unable to stop him. Scores were 114-110, 116-108 and 115-109.
April 16, 2015 – Diego Ricardo Santillan TKO 7 – Prefectural Gymnasium, Osaka, Osaka: Yamanaka won every round, dropping the previously unbeaten Argentinean challenger to record a seventh-round stoppage.
September 22, 2015 – Anselmo Moreno SD 12 – Ota-City General Gymnasium, Tokyo: Moreno gave Yamanaka his sternest test to date. In a closely contested bout the pair were separated by the narrowest of margins. The scores were 115-113 (twice) to Yamanaka and 115-113 to Moreno.
March 4, 2016 – Liborio Solis UD 12 – Shimazu Arena, Kyoto, Kyoto: Yamanaka got off to a good start, dropping the former IBF and WBA junior bantamweight titleholder twice in the second. Yamanaka touched down himself in the third but floored Solis again in the ninth. All three judges scored the bout 117-107.
September 16, 2016 – Anselmo Moreno TKO 7 – EDION Arena Osaka, Osaka: Both men fought much more aggressively than in their cagey first meeting. Moreno was down in the first, the sixth and twice in the seventh. Yamanaka tasted the canvas in the fourth but ultimately prevailed in one of the finest fights of the year.
March 2, 2017 – Carlos Carlson TKO 7 – Kokugikan, Tokyo: The fearsome “God's Left” was at his brilliant best, easing past his Mexican opponent in seven one-sided rounds.
Questions and/or comments can be sent to Anson [email protected] you can follow him on Twitter @AnsonWainwright
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or…
SUBSCRIBE
You can subscribe to the print and digital editions of THE RING Magazine by clicking the banner or here. You can also order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page. On the cover this month: Anthony Joshua
Glenn Poshard named president of Morthland College in West Frankfort
Glenn Poshard makes one of many phone calls April 30, 2014, during his last day as SIU president at the Stone Center. (Daily Egyptian file)
Filed under City, News
Former SIU President Glenn Poshard on Tuesday morning was named president of Morthland College, a private Christian college in West Frankfort.
Tim Morthland, the college's previous president who will now serve as chairman of its Board of Trustees, made the announcement on Facebook.
“Dr. Poshard is not only qualified for the task at hand, but, most importantly, he is a man whose heart is grounded in the Vision Statement, those few hundred words that keep all of us who are here coming to work everyday,” Morthland wrote on Facebook.
Advertisement
The college was created in 2009.
Poshard, a former state senator and U.S. congressman, worked as SIU's president from 2006 to 2014.
Check back for updates.
The Daily Egyptian's news desk can be reached at [email protected] or 618-536-3397.
To stay up to date with all your southern Illinois news, follow the Daily Egyptian on Facebook and Twitter.
Advertisement
- Braun Strowman will be kicking off tonight's RAW following his violent prolonged attack on Roman Reigns last week.
Emma and Renee Young were partying with former WWE Diva Kelly Kelly at Encore Beach Club at the Wynn in Las Vegas over the weekend. Below are photos of the WWE stars at the pool party, taken by Tony Tran.
Emma, Renee Young, Barbie Blank and David Guetta at Encore Beach Club in Wynn Las Vegas this pat weekend A post shared by Wrestling Inc. (@wrestlinginc) on Apr 17, 2017 at 1:51pm PDT
Emma, Renee Young and Barbie Blank backstage at Encore Beach Club in Wynn Las Vegas this past weekend. Photo by Tony Tran A post shared by Wrestling Inc. (@wrestlinginc) on Apr 17, 2017 at 1:50pm PDT
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
FILE PHOTO - AIG CEO Peter Hancock speaks during the White House summit on cybersecurity and consumer protection in Palo Alto, California on February 13, 2015. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/File Photo
American International Group Inc's (AIG.N) board of directors declined to award Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock a cash bonus for his work last year, after the company's dismal financial performance roiled shareholders, according to a proxy filing on Thursday.
Hancock, however, will still receive a total of nearly $9.6 million in 2016 compensation, according to the filing. The figure includes his $1.6 million base salary, longer-term incentive pay in stock worth $7.8 million and additional funds. The stock incentive starts to pay out in 2019.
His total compensation for 2016 fell 23 percent from 2015, the filings show.
The insurance company's board also re-nominated Samuel Merksamer, who represents billionaire Carl Icahn, to serve on the board for another term. Merksamer, who last year left the activist investor's firm, Icahn Capital, a unit of Icahn Enterprises LP, will continue as Icahn's representative, according to the proxy filing.
AIG's board also disclosed in the filing that hedge fund manager John Paulson is leaving the board because of "other time commitments." Paulson owned 4.55 million AIG shares as of March 15, according to the filing.
The proxy filing comes at a tumultuous time for the U.S. insurance company. AIG announced last month that Hancock, 58, would step down, after a poor fourth quarter frustrated shareholders and the insurer's board of directors. Hancock will stay on as chief executive until the board finds a successor, the company has said.
Icahn, AIG's fourth-largest investor, began acquiring his stake in the insurance firm in 2015. He advocated splitting AIG into three parts. The company instead embarked on a two-year turnaround plan developed by Hancock, which intended to return $25 billion to shareholders.
Last year, AIG returned a total of $13.1 billion of capital to shareholders, the company said.
While Hancock must forego a 2016 cash bonus, other AIG executives will receive bonuses of $680,000 or more, representing 40 percent of possible target amounts, according to the filing.
(Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; editing by Lisa Shumaker and Dan Grebler)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
AUSTIN, Texas At least 13 people were killed and two others injured when a Texas church bus carrying senior citizens collided head-on with another vehicle on Wednesday, the church and a Texas state trooper said.
The church bus had 14 people aboard when it collided with a pickup truck, with one person in that vehicle, about 80 miles (130 km) west of San Antonio. The cause of the crash was under investigation, said Sergeant Conrad Hein, a Texas Department of Public Safety spokesman.
The truck driver was airlifted to a San Antonio hospital, San Antonio Express-News reported on its website. The survivor who was on the bus was in serious but stable condition, the First Baptist New Braunfels said on Facebook.
A group of senior adults affiliated with the church were on the bus returning from a three-day retreat in Leakey, Texas, the church said on its Facebook page.
"Thank you for the outpouring of love and support. Please continue to pray," the church said.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott and his wife extended their condolences to the victims.
"We are saddened by the loss of life and our hearts go out to all those affected," he said in a statement.
(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz and Brendan O'Brien; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Michael Perry)
When Daenerys Targaryen went zooming around the sky last week torching Lannisters and Tarlys, some Game of Thrones fans had a question or two about the Dragon Queen's strategies. Would it have made more sense for her to bring all three dragons instead of her Dothraki riders if a show of force and intimidation was her end goal? But others have pointed out that with Daenerys perhaps only able to entirely control Drogon (though she handled her other two dragons pretty capably in the Battle of Meereen), she can't risk using all three in battle.
So, will she ever get some help riding those dragons? All signs point to yes. Those riders will need a particular set of skills, but there are three clear candidates for Daenerys's remaining two dragons—especially after a dazzling interaction between Jon Snow and Drogon in this week's episode, “Eastwatch.” Jon is the first character other than Daenerys in seven seasons to make contact with a dragon and live to tell the tale.
Vice President of the Islamic Republic of Iran Masoumeh Ebtekar attends the opening session of the World Climate Change Conference 2015 (COP21) at Le Bourget, near Paris, France, November 30, 2015. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe/File Photo
TEHRAN Iran's president must get a second term to secure the economic benefits that he promised would result from a diplomatic thaw with the West, Vice President Masoumeh Ebtekar said ahead of a May 19 election.
Hassan Rouhani's hardline challengers for the presidency, some of whom are close to supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, say he traded away too much in a 2015 deal with world powers that limited Iran's nuclear work but failed to deliver sufficient rewards.
In a rare interview with a trio of foreign reporters at an EU-Iran business forum on Sunday, Ebtekar, one of Iran's 12 vice presidents, said voters should not give up on Rouhani.
"He needs more time ... He has to be given a chance to be able to continue his programme," said Ebtekar, one of Iran's most prominent women politicians.
"Rouhani has done a lot to overcome some of the hurdles that the investors find when they are coming," she said in a nod to concerns over red tape and opaque rules voiced by foreign companies that Iran hopes to attract.
As a young woman, Ebtekar was the face of the radical students who occupied the U.S. Embassy and held its staff hostage for 444 days at the time of the 1979 Islamic revolution.
Known as "Mary", she spoke in calm, fluent English to the world's media, putting the hostage-takers' side of the incident that remains a painful memory for the United States and is one of the reasons Wasington considers the Islamic Republic a pariah state.
At 56, she is now firmly in the reformist camp, endorsing Rouhani's vision of a freer society and diplomatic detente after the lifting of sanctions under the deal he engineered.
If hardliners describe the nuclear deal as a limited engagement with the West on a single issue, Ebtekar sees it as the beginning of a new era of international engagement to realise what she says are the hopes of Iran's younger generation to end its long isolation.
HIGH EXPECTATIONS
"There is a lot being done which is creating a lot of hope and optimism but at the same time the expectations for the nuclear deal are still very high," said Ebtekar, her smiling face framed by a traditional black chador over a turquoise scarf.
With unilateral U.S. sanctions still in place, Ebtekar said voters understood that it was not Rouhani's fault that the nulcear deal had yet to improve their daily lives.
"They understand that mostly the problem is coming from outside. Our government has done its share ... now it is up to our partners in the deal to do their share as well.
"This opening up will create a better atmosphere, and I hope that they will – particularly countries like the United States – will stand up to their commitments," Ebtekar said.
Ayatollah Khamenei's scepticism over Rouhani's detente policy is echoed by his strongest challenger, Ebrahim Raisi, a hardline cleric seen as a possible future supreme leader, who says Iran has no need of foreign help.
Ebtekar, however, said the election is Rouhani's to lose, pointing to parliamentary polls in which the conservatives lost ground. The alliance of moderates and reformists that helped carry him to power in 2013, she said, "gives him a very strong position."
Ebtekar rejected the view of Western and Gulf Arab states that Iran is an agressor in the Middle East, saying it has peaceful intentions but also had the right to defend itself from foreign threats.
Iran's backing of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, the militant Lebanese group Hezbollah and alleged support for Yemen's Houthi fighters has put it at odds with the United States and regional rival Saudi Arabia.
"We are looking forward to playing our role to promote peace and also security in the region," Ebtekar said.
"But it's natural for the people living in this region to defend themselves, it's very natural for Lebanon to defend itself, Syria, the Palestinians. So defence is another issue."
(Additional reporting Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
It's no secret that the Los Angeles Rams had a great deal of success on the ground last season, rushing for 1,953 yards as a team – good for eighth in the NFL. That was, of course, led by Todd Gurley and his 1,305 yards alone, proving to be one of the best running backs in all football.
But what made the Rams' rushing attack so strong? Not only did Gurley make defenders miss on a routine basis, but Sean McVay devised a game plan that set the team up for success. It was predicated on a lot of motion, plenty of fake handoffs and misdirections, keeping the defense on its toes.
Related Rams RG Jamon Brown suspended 2 games for substance abuse violation
It was also about sticking to what the Rams did best: zone runs. Pro Football Focus found that the Rams were No. 1 on outside zone runs, averaging a whopping 5.6 yards per carry. It's a testament to the job of the offensive line, as well as Gurley's ability to get to the edge and gain big yardage.
By almost any measure, the Los Angeles Rams were the league's most successful team when it came to running outside zone last season. They averaged 1.7 yards per carry before contact and 5.6 yards per carry total with 33 explosive runs (gains of 15 or more yards), eight more than any other team. They did that despite forcing only 15 missed tackles on 146 carries for one of the lowest broken tackle rates in the league.
On inside zone runs, the Rams weren't quite as good, but they still ranked among the best teams in the NFL. The interior offensive line was much-improved thanks to the arrival of John Sullivan, as well as the development of Rodger Saffold and Jamon Brown.
Which offensive performed the best on certain run concepts in 2017? @PFF_Sam takes a look:https://t.co/OVlrYhENk7 pic.twitter.com/3mPaZ2Ltzx — Pro Football Focus (@PFF) July 3, 2018
Losing Brown for the first two games of the season hurts, but the Rams shouldn't have much trouble sustaining this success on zone runs.
IPTV is gaining in popularity and offers ample opportunities for additional revenue generation depending on the IPTV application TV service providers use and the app developer. Ecosmob, with its expertise in IP technologies and association with IPTV, is perfectly positioned to offer IPTV app development services.
Ecosmob, a global technology leader in IP technologies, announced the launch of IPTV application development services for TV service providers. TV services can reach out to more people and generate more revenues.
The suite of services from Ecosmob includes IPTV software development, IPTV app development, IPTV game development, middleware, application integration, maintenance and support. Given their expertise, teams of IPTV developers at Ecosmob can integrate various modules into a flawlessly performing solution that will enhance reputation of TV service providers. Besides, customers also have a happy user experience. Ecosmob has proven expertise since it has already delivered outstanding solutions to various TV services and helped them enhance revenue streams.
Ecosmob IPTV software is an end-to-end solution that takes care of source digitization of live streams delivered as multicast streams, video on demand with an appropriate delivery and payment method, interactive portals and a scalable content delivery network with smart incorporation of media protocols that give a highly satisfactory user experience. The user side interface offers a seamless customer experience through an intuitive menu system. IPTV can be delivered on any device like smart TV or desktop or to mobiles through apps. Digital rights management (DRM) is also factored into the IPTV development process. The process itself is aligned to suit existing networks and infrastructure of the TV service operator with facility for future upgrades.
However, Ecosmob, said the company's VP, goes beyond the technical aspects. Ecosmob extended IPTV services extend to planning and consulting on IPTV strategy. Ecosmob IPTV related services include guidance on system deployment and integration, defining architecture, third party integration, creation of electronic program guide, billing system, operational model development, vendor selection and value added services. Ecosmob involvement helps TV services generate additional revenue streams through TV subscription, video on demand, advertising and interactive services as well as gaming platforms. Superior technology and ease of use will surely help TV services retain customers and reduce churn.
If TV services are planning to launch IP TV services then Ecosmob can be their perfect partner for IPTV implementations that give the same, if not better experience as traditional cable or satellite TV. Ecosmob checks and field tests its solutions to ensure that the first impression is the best impression.
Interested TV services may contact Ecosmob by phone on 91 79 40054019, 1-303-997-3139 or via email sales@ecosmob.com or via website https://www.ecosmob.com
Photo: Géry Parent (Flickr) The oldest catalogued rock on Earth is a zircon.
Zircon crystals are the closest thing we have to a time capsule from Earth in its early years. Some found in Australia are as old as four billion years old, which is especially interesting because the Earth is just over four and a half billion years old.
Scientists are studying these crystals to try to understand what the Earth was like when the oldest of these zircon crystals formed.
Originally, scientists thought these crystals formed as a byproduct of plate tectonics (giant chunks of the Earth colliding with each other). Current evidence suggests that plate tectonics the way we understand them today weren't in play back then.
Now, researchers believe that zircon formed in impact craters, which are indentations in the Earth created by asteroids crashing into it. The asteroid hits Earth at such a high speed that it melts the surface beneath it. That creates a perfect condition for zircon formation.
To test this idea, scientists studied zircon from the Sudbury impact crater in Canada: one of the best preserved and the second‑oldest impact crater on Earth. They found that the compositions of those crystals were indistinguishable from the four billion‑year‑old ones, implying that it's likely the older crystals formed in an impact crater as well.
Read More
Barthelmy, David. “Zircon Mineral Data.” Mineral Database. September 5, 2012. Accessed November 16, 2016.
Trinity College Dublin. “Origin of Earth's oldest crystals.” ScienceDaily. (accessed November 16, 2016).
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Seventh seed Karolina Pliskova won a battle of former world number ones as she beat Victoria Azarenka 6-3 6-3 to reach the third round at Wimbledon for the first time on Wednesday.
Big-serving Czech Pliskova reached the top of the rankings a year ago at Wimbledon despite losing in the second round – the fifth year in succession she had lasted only two matches.
From the moment Azarenka dropped serve with a loose error in the third game, Pliskova always looked likely to break that sequence against the Belarussian who is still trying to rediscover her past form after returning from having a baby.
Azarenka tried to fire herself up when she resisted some pressure to hold serve at the start of the second set.
But Pliskova broke for a 5-3 lead and was then helped by two Azarenka double faults that brought groans from the sedate crowd who had been hoping for something more exciting.
“I think I was pretty solid today, I think I was really strong on my serve which was really important,” the 26-year-old Pliskova said after walking off court.
“Very happy with my victory as it is the first time I am in the third round here. The last few years I was waiting for a good result and it still didn't come, maybe this year is the time; I am feeling great.”
She will play Romanian 28th seed Mihaela Buzarnescu next.
Five-times champion Venus Williams dropped her opening service game and lost the first set before finding her rhythm to beat qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru 4-6 6-0 6-1 in the second round.
The 38-year-old American brought her experience to bear from the second set to seal a comfortable win in her first meeting with the Romanian.
“It's just credit to her, she played very well and took advantage, you have to at these championships,” Venus said of Dulgheru's first-set performance.
“It's not easy to play someone you haven't played, and I'm sure she's seen me play a lot, so she was extremely competitive,” she added.
Dulgheru, world number 141, came out fighting in the deciding set, won her serve and had two break points for the second game, only for Venus to save both and hold.
Asked about her improved performance from the second set and whether it confirmed her form as she seeks a second consecutive final and sixth title, she said: “It's just about winning a match, whether it's your best [tennis] or not doesn't matter.”
WOMEN'S SINGLES 2ND RD
(7) Karolina Pliskova (Cze) bt Victoria Azarenka (Blr) 6-3 6-3
(9) Venus Williams (USA) bt Alexandra Dulgheru (Rom) 4-6 6-0 6-1
(10) Madison Keys (USA) bt Luksika Kumkhum (Tha) 6-4 6-3
(20) Kiki Bertens (Ned) bt Anna Blinkova (Rus) 6-4 6-0
(29) Mihaela Buzarnescu (Rom) bt Katie Swan (Brit) 6-0 6-3
Lucie Safarova (Cze) bt (32) Agnieszka Radwanska (Pol) 7-5 6-4
Yanina Wickmayer (Bel) bt Andrea Petkovic (Ger) 6-4 6-3
Donna Vekic (Cro) bt Rebecca Peterson (Swe) 7-5 6-4
Evgeniya Rodina (Rus) bt Sorana Cirstea (Rom) 1-6 6-3 6-3
Camila Giorgi (Ita) bt Madison Brengle (USA) 6-4 6-4
May 3 Facebook Inc
* Facebook reports first quarter 2017 results
* Qtrly earnings per share $1.04
* Qtrly revenue $8,032 million versus $5,382 million
* MAUs were 1.94 billion as of March 31, 2017, an increase of 17% year-over-year
* DAUs were 1.28 billion on average for March 2017, an increase of 18% year-over-year
* Headcount was 18,770 as of March 31, 2017, an increase of 38% year-over-year
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.12, revenue view $7.84 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* mobile advertising revenue represented approximately 85% of advertising revenue for Q1 of 2017, up from approximately 82% last year
* says is no longer reporting non-GAAP expenses, income, tax rate, and earnings per share
* Q1 advertising revenue $7,857 million versus $5,201 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tokyo [Japan], Dec 12 (ANI): Casio Computer Co., Ltd. announced the release of a new addition to the EDIFICE line of metal sport watches, which combine dynamic design with advanced technology. The new EQS-800 solar chronograph features a dial made from carbon materials.
Under the concept of "Speed and Intelligence," the EDIFICE brand evokes the sense of velocity and energy that is found in motorsports, while offering diverse, ever-more advanced functions made possible by cutting-edge electronics technologies from Casio.
Befitting the motorsports-inspired styling of the EDIFICE brand, Casio has been an official partner of the Scuderia Toro Rosso Formula One team since 2016.
The new EQS-800 solar chronograph has enhanced charging technology which uses just a solar panel on the inset dials to store plenty of energy to drive the watch. This enabled the use of a carbon fiber dial-a first for a Casio solar chronograph.
Carbon fiber is also employed in racing cars due to their light weight and strength. In addition to evoking motorsports by using carbon, the carbon weave gives a sharp, bold look to the watch.
The EQS-800 comes in three models with a choice of two watch bands. The models with the stainless steel band use a blue, and the model with the resin band uses a sleek black. (ANI)^
KINSHASA, April 3 Congolese police deployed heavily across the capital Kinshasa on Monday as opposition calls for a general strike after a breakdown in talks with President Joseph Kabila's allies last week raised fears of renewed violence.
Security forces in Democratic Republic of Congo killed dozens in protests over election delays last year but the strike appeared to be peaceful on Monday morning as stores and banks were shuttered and streets quiet.
With police deployed at bus stops and intersections, there were only a handful of cars on the central boulevard in Kinshasa, a city of more than 10 million people, and the normally bustling central market was shut.
"I couldn't go to work... It's my way of supporting the opposition. We want change," said an employee of the central bank who asked to remain anonymous for fear of repercussions.
Kabila's failure to step down when his two-term mandate expired in December has further destabilised the loosely governed central African giant, where millions died in regional wars from 1996-2003.
Catholic bishops helped negotiate a deal in December that required Kabila to step down following elections before the end of 2017 but withdrew from their mediation role last week after implementation stalled.
The decision prompted sporadic unrest in Kinshasa last week and the country's largest opposition party, the UDPS, has called for a nationwide protest on April 10.
The eastern city of Goma was also quiet on Monday except for a strong military presence, residents said. In the mining hub of Lumbumbashi, a storekeeper said businesses were opening but several hours late.
"This is a message to the leaders to tell them that things are not right," said Bijoux Kahambu, a Goma resident.
Repeated strikes and demonstrations by the opposition last year failed to force Kabila to stand down at the end of his mandate, and the government said it planned to get on with business as usual.
The presidency said in a statement that Kabila would consult with "different groups of the concerned political and social class" on Monday and Tuesday in order to revive the December accord.
Kabila denies opposition charges that he is trying to cling to power, saying the election delays are due to challenges registering millions of voters.
Congo has never experienced a peaceful transition of power and an insurgency in its central Kasai region has killed hundreds since last August. (Writing by Nellie Peyton and Aaron Ross; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
BEIJING, April 10 China's capital is stepping up a campaign against foreign espionage from Monday, offering rewards ranging from $1,500 to $73,000 to citizens who blow the whistle on suspected spies, state media said.
Since taking office in 2013, President Xi Jinping has overseen a raft of laws and campaigns to secure China's national security against both domestic and foreign threats.
The "pressing" need for new measures to guard against foreign spies is an unfortunate side-effect of China's reform and opening up to the world, the official Beijing Daily newspaper said.
"Foreign intelligence organs and other hostile forces have also seized the opportunity to sabotage our country through political infiltration, division and subversion, stealing secrets and collusion," it added.
The Beijing City National Security Bureau is encouraging citizens to join counterintelligence efforts, by offering rewards of 10,000 to 500,000 yuan ($1,500 to $73,000) for information on spies, it said.
The government has acquired new powers to safeguard China with a national security law passed in 2014, followed by measures on counter-terrorism, the management of foreign non-government bodies and cybersecurity.
Western governments have spoken out against the new measures that they say define China's national interests too broadly, flagging the risk that they could be used to intensify a crackdown on dissent.
China says the laws are fitting, given the reality of its national security concerns.
In April last year, China launched a series of warnings against espionage, publicising rare details of spy cases in state media, and highlighting how romantic relationships may be used to uncover sensitive information.
Rewards to encourage security vigilance are a common government tactic used, for instance, to draw out information on "terrorism" in far western Xinjiang.
Working with employees of state organisations to harm China's national interests, encouraging defection and buying state secrets are potential spy behaviours that could be reported, the paper said.
Discovering espionage equipment, such as recording and monitoring devices, could bring extra rewards.
For example, fishermen in coastal Jiangsu province received rewards in January for the discovery of a suspicious device that proved to be collecting data for foreign countries.
People exploiting the new measures to frame rivals will be held accountable, the paper warned, but good faith errors will attract no reprisals. (Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Is there anything more British than a plateful of tiny sandwiches washed down with a proper cup of tea?
We think not.
And that's why we were delighted to learn that there is an entire week dedicated to Afternoon Tea.
Running from Monday, August 14 to Sunday, August 20, there is plenty of time to celebrate by booking yourself and a friend into one of these nine fabulous places around Berkshire for an Afternoon Tea.
From cucumber sandwiches (with the crusts cut off of course) and warm scones, to delicate macarons and decadent chocolate slices, as long as it can be eaten in two or three bites and paired with an Earl Grey or Darjeeling it all counts.
So take a look at our suggestions below and reserve yourself a seat.
Malmaison, Reading
Forget the tea, you can enjoy a glass of Champagne or even a cocktail with her cake at Malmaison.
Afternoon tea packages range from £12.50 for the classic up to £27.50, depending on your alcohol of choice.
The savoury selection includes not just sandwiches but mini wraps and burgers so there is plenty of food to soak up the drink.
The hotel is right opposite Reading station so make the most of public transport and don't worry about the units you are drinking along with the calories you are consuming.
Riseley Village Tea Room
This tearoom was set up to stop the village hall from falling into disrepair from under use but banish any thought of WI-style tea urns and doorstep sandwiches.
This café offers cake by the slice, all at £2.20, but also celebration teas. Its full Afternoon Tea is £12 per person and includes scones and clotted cream.
11 delicious little places in and around Reading you should definitely visit
Add a glass of Champagne and the finest vintage china and you get the Riseley Tea Room Celebration Tea at £17 per person.
The Forbury Hotel
This hotel has been described as “the UK's sexiest townhouse hotel” and the selection on offer goes hand in hand with the sleek and modern decor.
Inside one of Reading's finest buildings you can sample a mixture of very traditional British teas with more adventurous food choices.
Sandwiches are classics - salmon and cream cheese, honey and mustard and chicken and tarragon, while the Champagne is Laurent-Perrier.
A cream tea is £12.50 per person, the Champagne tea is £35 per person.
Whittingtons Tea Barge
All aboard Reading's floating tearoom for an afternoon adventure.
This venue is terrific if you're looking for something a bit different as you can enjoy your tea and cake while looking out onto the River Thames and watch the ducks bobbing along.
Andrew Whittington is a descendant of Dick Whittington, hence the cat on the barge's logo.
Cream teas start from £5.50 and go up to £19 for Whittington's Special Occasion Vintage Tea with bubbly.
Cantley House Hotel
If you are vegetarian or following a gluten free diet this is the place for you.
Alongside its Champagne, cocktail and traditional afternoon teas The Cantley House offers meat free sandwiches and gluten free cakes, in a traditional English setting.
Prices range from £7 for a cream tea to £29 for the Champagne option.
The Pantry, Yattendon
If you favour a brisk walk more than a cream-laden blowout, try this village teashop.
It is not open on Sundays but makes an ideal spot for a weekday or Saturday meet-up.
An A to Z of amazing independent businesses in Reading
It serves delicious cakes, including gluten-free varieties, loose leaf teas and coffee.
And you can take the dog in too.
Patisserie Valerie
(Image: Evening Gazette)
Not everyone can get out and about so why not consider bringing the afternoon tea home?
Patisserie Valerie offers sumptuous treats to take out, presented in a lovely box elegantly tied up with ribbon.
Leave with one of these and you can pretend you have been shopping in a patisserie in Paris, rather than the Reading branch of PatVal in Broad Street.
The shop offers a selection of four cakes for £10.
Add a speciality tea from Whittard in The Oracle and you can create a perfect afternoon tea in the comfort of your own home.
Dobbies, Shinfield
A browse around a garden centre followed by scones, cake and fizz.
A perfect afternoon out by any standard and one that is available at Dobbies in Shinfield.
Pierreponts review: What is the little Goring café like?
The garden centre offers afternoon tea ranging from £15 for two people for a traditional spread up to £22 for two for a tea with a mini bottle of Prosecco each.
Crowthorne Beatons
This tearoom and bookshop is inspired by the society photographer Cecil Beaton and claims to “bring gracious hospitality, homemade cakes and light meals to your table seven days a week”.
If you know your Dong Ding Oolong from your Hojica, this could be the ideal spot - it offers has a choice of 25 loose leaf teas.
Afternoon teas cost £15 per person and the Ascot tea is completely gluten-free.
Tyrone 1-11 Dublin 2-13
All-Ireland champions Dublin launched an impressively complete raid on Omagh on Saturday evening. They rode out a lightning start by Tyrone and being reduced to 14 men when Niall Scully picked up a second red card in the 46th minute and still cruised home to win by five.
Mickey Harte's team didn't help themselves with a freight container of wides - 13 as opposed to the winners' two - and urgency eventually gave way to panic as Dublin pounced for a late goal by Eoghan O'Gara.
On a damp and wintery night in Healy Park, before 9,465 spectators, Tyrone got the chance to make amends for last August's All-Ireland semi-final wipe-out and showed every intention of doing just that in the first half. The home side fielded eight of the team from the championship whereas Dublin played 11.
Reversing last summer's painful precedent, it was the home side who struck for an early goal. Cathal McShane, who had kicked the first point of the match, broke forward onto Connor McAliskey's quick hand-pass and buried the ball behind Stephen Cluxton.
At half-time, leading by two, they probably felt that they could have been doing better. Despite looking lively and causing trouble for the Dublin full backs through Lee Brennan and McAliskey, their overall accuracy was poor and they shot six wides.
Tempers flare between the two teams. Photograph: Philip Magowan/Inpho
Brennan went on to have an impressive evening, his movement and accuracy leading the way for Tyrone, but it wasn't enough with so much malfunction elsewhere in attack.
The All-Ireland champions did what they usually do: refrained from panicking. Trailing by 1-1 to no score in a predictably claustrophobic match, they plugged away, picking up points here and there and striking for goal in the 22nd minute. Brian Fenton, who worked his way into the rhythm of things having found the sticky pitch a bit of a challenge early on, launched a free in on the Tyrone square.
Aidan McCrory was outfielded by Ciarán Kilkenny who fired the ball home to cut the deficit to a point, 1-3 to 1-4. It was an interesting turn by Kilkenny, who in his underage years was a full-forward line shooter before becoming the master of recycling and off-the-charts possession counts of more recent times and he kicked 1-2 in a productive evening.
Any home concerns that the interval lead might be insufficient weren't long in being substantiated. In the opening minutes of the second half, Dean Rock's free and points from the excellent James McCarthy, gliding up and down the pitch more or less at will, tied up the scores at 1-7 each.
Cluxton pulled down a high, dropping shot from Declan McClure to prevent Tyrone hitting the front and with that chance gone Dublin soon ensured that the Ulster champions would never lead again. Fenton, now in his stride, calmly put the visitors into the lead for the first time.
There was a possible way back for Tyrone after they had slid three behind. A spirited build-up from the kick-out saw them sweep down field and put McAliskey in on goal but Cluxton saved well to deflect the ball away to safety.
By now Tyrone were living the nightmare of watching shot after shot waved wide. Ironically when Niall Sludden eventually pinged a shot off the posts and over for a point, nearly 20 minutes after they had acquired a one-man advantage, the floodgates opened at the other end.
Tyrone's Michael McKernan challenges Dublin's Kevin McManamon. Photograph: Philip Magowan/Inpho
Replacement corner forward Colm Basquel brought added sharpness to Dublin's game and he managed three points after coming on in the final quarter. With the lead at 2-12 to 1-8, the final curtain fell. Niall Morgan's attempted 1-2 out of defence from a kick-out was intercepted by Basquel who laid on the scoring pass for O'Gara to bundle the ball home.
A disappointing night for Mickey Harte's team but Dublin march on from one of their tougher looking fixtures and already look like they mean business. Again.
Dublin: S Cluxton; P McMahon, M Fitzsimons, D Daly; J McCarthy (0-1), J Cooper, J Small; B Fenton (0-1), MD Macauley; N Scully, C Kilkenny (1-2), B Howard; K McManamon (0-2), P Mannion, D Rock (0-4, three fress). Subs: D Byrne for Small (46 mins), P Andrews for McManamon (52 mins), C Basquel (0-3, one free) for Mannion (61 mins), E O'Gara (1-0) for Rock (64 mins), S Carthy for McCarthy (68 mins), E Lowndes for Fenton (69 mins),
Tyrone: N Morgan; P Hampsey, C McCarron, HP McGeary; T McCann, A McCrory, C McLaughlin; M Donnelly, C McShane (1-1), D McClure; M Donnelly, N Sludden (0-1), R Donnelly; C McAliskey (0-2), L Brennan(0-6, three frees), P Harte (0-1). Subs: M McKernan for McGeary (22 mins), R McNamee for McCrory (half-time), C McCann for McClure (49 mins), R McNabb for McLaughlin (55 mins), F Burns for R Donnelly (55 mins), M Bradley for T McCann (62 mins).
Referee: Maurice Deegan (Laois).
FILE PHOTO: American Airlines aircraft are parked at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Washington, U.S., August 8, 2016. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
HONG KONG/SHANGHAI China Southern Airlines Co Ltd (1055.HK)(600029.SS) said on Tuesday it will sell a small stake to American Airlines Group Inc (AAL.O) in a $200 million deal that will give the carriers better access to the world's two largest travel markets.
China Southern will issue new shares worth HK$1.55 billion ($199.6 million) to American Airlines, making American the second U.S. carrier to own part of a Chinese airline after Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N) bought 3.55 percent of China Eastern Airlines Corp 6000115.SS (0670.HK) for $450 million in 2015.
It also means China's three biggest airlines now have tie-ups with foreign airlines, something Beijing has encouraged as a way to boost the sector's global competitiveness. Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific (0293.HK) and Chinese flag carrier Air China (601111.SS) (0753.HK) purchased stakes in each other in 2006.
"We're pleased to begin this relationship to better connect two of the world's largest aviation markets and leading economies," China Southern Chairman Wang Chengshun said in a statement issued by American Airlines.
In a filing to the Hong Kong stock exchange, China Southern said it would issue 270.61 million Hong Kong-listed H-shares, representing 2.68 percent of the enlarged share capital of the airline. The shares would be issued at HK$5.74 apiece, or a 4.6 percent premium to the previous close.
The carrier's mainland-listed shares, which resumed trading after a three-day suspension, jumped as much as 4.3 percent in early trading to their highest price in 7-1/2 months.
Its Hong Kong-listed shares, which opened higher, were down 2.37 percent by 0641 GMT at HK$5.36, lower than the price of the newly issued shares.
"We are two of the biggest carriers in the world and our networks are highly complementary," American Airlines President Robert Isom said in the statement.
COOPERATION PLANS
For American Airlines, the deal could widen access to China, one of the biggest sources of tourists to the United States, and will help it compete with rival Delta, which has invested in foreign carriers in Mexico, Brazil and Britain in recent years.
It said the two carriers expected to begin codeshare and interline agreements later this year that would allow customers to travel to more than 70 destinations beyond Beijing and Shanghai, and for China Southern's customers to access almost 80 destinations beyond Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York.
Guangzhou-based China Southern, the country's biggest airline in terms of passenger numbers, said the deal would help it "achieve the strategic goal of building a world-class aviation industry group".
The airlines also could increase cooperation in other areas including staffing, sales, passenger loyalty programs and sharing airport facilities, it said.
Analysts, however, said they expected the deal to have little impact on the airlines' operations beyond closer cooperation.
"It makes sense to partner with another foreign airline," said Daiwa Capital Markets analyst Kelvin Lau, citing Air China and China Eastern's deals.
"But ... because the stakeholding is pretty small, I don't think it will make any material changes in terms of management."
Beijing has vowed to shake up Chinese airlines by implementing mixed-ownership reforms and introducing private capital and strategic investment into its state-owned enterprises to improve efficiency and competitiveness.
Chinese airlines have been aggressively expanding their fleet and international routes as they seek to capitalize on strong growth in outbound Chinese travel that has far outpaced tourism at home.
(Reporting by Donny Kwok in HONG KONG, John Ruwitch and Brenda Goh in SHANGHAI; Editing by Stephen Coates)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Gold miner Doray Minerals has reported record quarterly production from its Deflector mine, in Western Australia, exceeding company expectations.
Gold production during the March quarter reached 18 551 oz, with 966 t of copper also produced. This compared with the 16 810 oz of gold and 833 t of copper produced in the previous quarter from the Deflector mine.
Advertisement
The increase in production for the March quarter resulted from higher ore grades, as underground development at Deflector continued.
“This quarterly production at Deflector represents an annualised rate in the order of 75 000 oz of gold plus copper credits, which provide approximately 25% additional revenue. This overall performance is exceeding expectations on all metrics and is a significant improvement from what was contemplated in the life-of-mine model,” said Doray MD Leigh Junk on Tuesday.
Advertisement
During the quarter under review, Doray sold 18 240 oz of gold, generating revenues of A$38.7-million.
Junk noted that the quarterly results were further strengthened by Doray's exploration success at the Da Vinci deposit, as well as new discoveries within the Deflector mine.
“We have successfully executed the turnaround strategy and Doray is now in the strongest position that it has been in recent years with its cash and debt positions,” he added.
Lagos – The police in Lagos on Monday said that they rescued a commercial sex worker from a client in a hotel room, following an attempted murder.
The state Commissioner of Police, Mr Imohimi Edgal, said that the police prompt response to distress call from a worker at Wellwood Hotel, Ajangbadi, Lagos led to the rescue of victim and arrest of the suspect.
Imohimi said:“On the May 24 at about 12:35 a.m, a distress call was received from Wellwood Hotel.
“The duty officer that night at Ilemba Hausa Division, quickly went to the hotel where he found one Faith, a commercial sex worker, with severe injuries on her neck.
“The victim claimed that on same date at about 12:15 a.m., the suspect came to her hotel room. After sleeping with her, he brought out a rope, tied it around her neck and pulled her down.
“He also tried to suffocate her by blocking her mouth and nostrils with a pillow.
“She was, however, rescued by a staff of the hotel who heard noise in her room as she struggled for life.
“This suspect was arrested and the rope with which he nearly killed the girl was recovered from him.”
The CP said that the suspect was yet to tell the police his motive for attempting to murder the victim.
In a similar development, a 25-year old man was also arrested for luring a woman to a hotel in Lagos, where she was drugged and raped.
Edgal said that the suspect invited the victim to De-Didos Hotel on March 4 where the crime was committed.
“The suspect was said to have stolen one Infinix Note 3 phone, one Nokia touch phone, one voter's card and disappeared ever since.
“Based on this development, detectives investigating the case tapped into our robust partnership with community members and hoteliers in the area.
“They circulated the suspect's details to hotels in the area and to all nooks and crannies of Ajangbadi.
“This paid off on May 25 when the suspect went to one of the hotels to lodge and he was promptly arrested by the operatives of the Command” he said.
The CP further advised members of the public to be mindful of who they interact with on the social media.
“The youths should be wary of those luring them with promises of gift and better life and must always seek the advice of their parents at all times about people making promises to them,'' he advised. (NAN)
A leading West Midlands acrylic fabricator has increased its Perspex® furniture range
Expanded Perspex® acrylic tables range from Wrights Plastics
Contact
Wrights Plastics GPX / Brett Sidaway
***@wrightsplastics.co.uk Wrights Plastics GPX / Brett Sidaway
End
-- Wrights Plastics GPX now manufacture over two dozen styles of Perspex® tables, complemented by a range of kitchen & homeware products.The company is best known for their work with retail giants such as Marks & Spencer, Selfridges & Arcadia Group – home to Top Shop and Top Man brands but with almost 50 years of manufacturing expertise and a Perspex®-approved fabricator, Wrights Plastics GPX decided to use their skills to create a range of affordable but high quality tables for the furniture market.Acrylic furniture remains on-trend and favourite among interior design bloggers and trend-makers. This has boosted consumer interest, with The Longest Stay blog reporting searches for acrylic decor increased by 50% on Pinterest in June this year.Wrights Plastics is taking full advantage of this consumer boom with an expanded range that they believe offers the assurance of the Perspex® brand name at affordable prices. In fact their budget range end tables start at just £33.The furniture range includes coffee tables & occasional tables in a number of finishes including ultra-realistic glass effect, gloss white and high sheen black.The kitchenware and homeware ranges include laptop stands, magazine racks, wine racks and serving trays.The complete range is made by the family-owned company at their West Bromwich base. MD Mike Wright added this week "We are committed to UK manufacturing and have invested £000,000s recently in cutting edge technology and equipment to ensure we remain competitive in a global market."The furniture and homeware range is a great example of how UK manufacturing can use their core skills to diversify into exciting new markets. Sharing our Corporate brand values of quality, value and service, the range has proved popular with consumers & we are glad to be able to expand the range to make the most of the continuing growth in the popularity of acrylic furniture."More details about the range can be seen on the company's website https://www.gpxgroup.com/ acrylic-tables
CHICAGO (AP) " Competitors of Chicago-based Exelon Corp. filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday opposing legislation that provides billions of dollars in subsidies to the power giant.
The legislation approved in December provides as much as $235 million per year to Exelon to keep unprofitable nuclear plants running in Clinton and the Quad Cities. More than 4 million customers of power-distributing subsidiaries ComEd and Ameren will pay more to finance the plan.
The lawsuit filed U.S. District Court in Chicago challenges the law on constitutional grounds.
Crain's Chicago Business reports (http://bit.ly/2lf0W6v ) the competitors, including Houston-based Dynegy, allege the subsidies undermine wholesale power markets that are the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
"It will profoundly disrupt the FERC-approved energy market auction structure and result in the transfer of hundreds of millions of dollars a year of ratepayer funds to Exelon at the expense of other generators that would have been economically viable without discriminatory subsidies," the lawsuit stated.
Exelon contends the legislation provides it similar mechanisms that have aided renewable energy development for years.
"Exelon opposes misguided and parochial efforts to block state lawmakers from taking legitimate steps to protect the environment and promote sound economic policies for their citizens," Exelon said in a statement Tuesday.
Illinois Clean Jobs Coalition is slamming the lawsuit, saying the filers want to shackle Illinoisans to higher costs and dangerous fuels of the past.
Consumer groups, including the nonprofit BEST Coalition, argue the plants aren't needed and keeping them open will cost ratepayers more anyway.
The plan, to go into effect in June, would cost 3.1 million northern Illinois customers of Exelon's power-distributing subsidiary, ComEd, an average of 25 cents more per month during the life of the plan. In central and southern Illinois, Ameren's 1.2 million customers would pay an additional 12 cents or fewer monthly, the company said.
Both companies said the increase could be less because of rate caps that Gov. Bruce Rauner, who has argued repeatedly in favor of saving jobs, insisted on in return for his support, lawmakers said.
___
Information from: CRAIN'S CHICAGO BUSINESS.
The number of people affected by the recent onslaught of natural disasters such as tornadoes, fires and earthquakes are too many to count. These events cause one to reflect and ask questions like, “What would I do in the same situation?” or “What should I be doing right now to prepare for a similar event?” or “What can I do to help others and myself recover and rebuild?”
Without sounding too catastrophic, planning to survive and, ideally, thrive in the future of health care in the United States is an eventuality that consumers, providers, insurance companies, employers and brokers all must embrace. However, we can and should be doing so with an attitude of confidence, a plentitude of resources and open minds to new ways of delivering, receiving and financing health care.
Our current U.S. health-care system has remained virtually unchanged since the introduction of Medicare in the mid-1960s, when it was approved by Congress. However, the extraordinary complexity and fierce economic trajectory of our health-care delivery system has managed to catapult itself forward, despite a framework that is static, outdated and unsustainable. While not trying to sound too melodramatic, we have indeed arrived at the brink of “natural disaster.”
However, as the saying goes, when a door closes, a window opens. As such, adversity breeds creativity, and we are seeing new reimbursement and delivery models such as accountable care organizations (ACOs) and other patient-centered, outcome-based models emerging.
Physicians, hospitals and all medical providers will become more actively engaged in the delivery of care, which creates exciting opportunities to improve quality, while more effectively managing health-care costs. And the requirement among health-care providers to migrate to a paperless electronic medical record also presents ways to avert medical errors, better manage the overall health of an individual and improve communication among all parties.
Further, health insurers are entertaining private exchange models to create “mini-pools” where risk can be more accurately predicted and managed to the benefit of stretching the premium dollar.
Stop loss carriers, also known as self-insurance companies, are opening their doors to smaller employers as a way to increase the size of their overall risk pool. By doing so, these carriers are providing employers with transparency into the health risks prevalent among their own insured population and the opportunity to offer incentive-based wellness programs to encourage employees and their dependents to improve their health status.
Last, but certainly not least, United Benefit Advisors Partner Firms representing employee benefit agencies across the country are working to innovate and develop the best tools, solutions and decision making guides to assist employers before, during and after this “storm.”
Starting in October, employers will be faced with the latest onslaught of Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act requirements and will need representation that is informed, proactive and directly involved.
» On Oct. 1, employers will be required to provide their employees with a written notice about ACA Exchanges. The Department of Labor recently released the model notices for employers to use. The “Employer Exchange Notice to Employees” requires some customization and is anticipated to be a significant area of focus as part of future routine DOL audits. The UBA PPACA Advisor reference tool, available to UBA Partner Firms clients, provides critical model documents as they are released by the DHHS and DOL.
» Starting in January 2014, the ACA requires Applicable Large Employers (companies that employed an average of 50 or more full-time or full-time equivalent employees in 2013) to offer affordable health coverage to full-time employees or potentially face a penalty. The penalty results when a full-time employee receives federally subsidized coverage from their state exchange, due to a lack of health coverage that meets federal standards for affordability and value. UBA Partner Firms' clients will benefit from the ACA modeling software tools that calculate the costs associated with the different options that may result from the Pay or Play requirement.
» Beginning in 2014, large employers must file a return to the Internal Revenue Service that reports the terms and conditions of the health-care coverage provided to their full-time employees for the calendar year. The returns for 2014 will be filed in 2015. This new tax reporting requirement will just further add to the list of “disaster readiness” that employers are accumulating.
The response, or preferably the preparation, from employers bracing for this additional workload, should be to demand the most value for their dollar. Whether that dollar be in the form of premiums paid to a fully insured carrier, claims reimbursed for a self-funded plan or compensation paid to their advisor for guidance and outside-the-box support, employers have something to leverage and that is choice.
There is strength in having a plan, executing it successfully and preparing for the worst, but always aiming for the best!
— Lesa Caputo is a benefit advisor for Beneflex Insurance Services.
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — President Donald Trump's first visit to New Hampshire as president was soaked in nostalgia for his first campaign — and punctuated with subtle nods to his next one in 2020.
Some Republicans wish he would keep his focus on the election around the corner.
As the GOP faces tremendous challenges in November's midterm elections, Trump and his allies trained their focus this week on the 2020 presidential primary's premier states. The president has also added new staff to his re-election campaign and struggled at times to share the spotlight with congressional candidates who need his help.
Trump's attention to his own political future irked some party loyalists who are furiously preparing for midterm elections this fall, which will decide the House and Senate majorities.
Advertisement
"There is a sense that he should make the congressional campaign committees a bigger priority than his own campaign committee," said Republican strategist Alex Conant.
The early-state focus featured Trump talking opioids Monday in New Hampshire, first daughter Ivanka Trump on the same day promising action on education and infrastructure in Iowa, and Vice President Mike Pence raising money for New Hampshire Republicans on Thursday.
The president took the stage in New Hampshire's largest city to unveil his plan to battle the nation's opioid crisis. But first, the Republican president mused about early campaign stops in the state that fueled his rise to the presidency a few years earlier.
"It's great to be back here in the great state of New Hampshire," said Trump, who recalled the hall at Manchester Community College as the site of one of his first events in the state. "This is the room, right here, so I like this room. This has been a good room."
On its face, the event was focused far more on policy than politics. Yet White House officials acknowledged that any visit to New Hampshire was, by nature, politically strategic. They felt it was time for Trump to revisit a battleground state that would carry great import in the 2020 general election and to guard against any possible Republican primary challenger.
One White House official said that Trump's travel schedule is determined in large part by a desire to repay those who supported him politically in the past. The official was not authorized to publicly discuss the White House's private political motivations and requested anonymity.
Trump hosted his first campaign rally a month after taking office. His re-election campaign aired its first television ad three months later. He held his first 2020 fundraiser the month after that. And earlier this month, he named a re-election campaign manager.
"A lot of people wish the midterms were his singular focus and he wouldn't worry about his re-election right now," Conant said.
Trump hasn't ignored the party's midterm efforts, however.
The president helped generate record fundraising totals for the Republican National Committee. He hosted a fundraiser for Missouri's Republican Senate candidate last week and he's set to host another for the House GOP campaign committee this week.
Trump also campaigned for Pennsylvania Republican Rick Saconne ahead of last week's special congressional election, although the president said little about the GOP candidate during the appearance.
The early state focus comes as Trump eyes an uncertain political future.
Up against the prospect of a GOP electoral disaster this fall — and a special counsel's investigation — Democrats and even some Republicans are already preparing to challenge him in 2020. Just three days before Trump's visit, Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona earned a standing ovation after telling New Hampshire voters that he might launch a primary challenge against the president.
"A brush fire for the White House could turn into a full-on wild fire if they're not careful," said Matt Moore, who previously led the state GOP in South Carolina, which traditionally hosts the third presidential primary contest after Iowa and New Hampshire.
"Particularly in the early primary states, activists can easily feel jilted if they don't feel the love from the White House. This White House is smart to begin its outreach early," Moore said.
A sitting president hasn't lost a primary election in modern history. But even if Trump sails through the 2020 primary, he is expected to face stiff competition from the Democratic nominee later that year in both New Hampshire and Iowa, which are considered general election battlegrounds.
Trump came in second place in Iowa's presidential caucus in 2016. His first primary contest victory didn't come until a week later in New Hampshire. While he lost narrowly the Granite State in the general election, Trump's inner circle has always reminisced fondly about New Hampshire, believing that it wasn't until he won there that they felt like he had a shot at capturing the presidential nomination.
From the stage in Manchester, Trump made no mention of his re-election bid, save a passing reference to serving "seven more years" in office. Yet politics permeated the event. More than 100 protesters stood outside in sub-freezing temperatures to jeer the president's motorcade.
Republican strategist Rick Tyler called Trump's early state focus "premature and unconventional."
"But that doesn't matter to him," Tyler said. "The bigger question the Republican Party has to answer is how do they make Trump an asset in 2018? The answer is I don't know."
___
Peoples reported from New York. Associated Press writer Zeke Miller in Washington contributed to this report.
Objective Development has released LaunchBar 6.8 with improved 1Password integration, new actions, and improved emoji support. With the recent addition of enhanced integration of third-party apps in 1Password (see "1Password 6.5.1," 18 November 2016), you can now access logins, credit cards, secure notes, and more from your 1Password vaults. Additionally, 1Password categories are now indexed, enabling you to type CC to select 1Password's Credit Cards category, and then browse a list of all credit cards stored in the password manager.
The keyboard-based launcher adds several new actions, including Safari Tabs action (providing access to all currently open tabs, and enabling you to switch to one via the keyboard), and new Wiktionary and Wikiquote actions with live suggestions (plus new localized Wikipedia, Wiktionary and Wikiquote actions to access those wikis in your preferred non-English language version). The update also ensures emoji character names are the same as those in the macOS Character Palette, improves Calendar input to enable you to specify alarms at the time of the event, improves Info Browsing of indexing rules and categories, and returns the capability to browse into an application to access recent documents or other items. ($29 new with a 20 percent discount for TidBITS members, free update, 14.2 MB, release notes, 10.9+)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
ZIMMERMAN (AP) -- A 64-year-old Minnesota man has been convicted of driving drunk and crashing into a business last year, killing one person.
A Sherburne County District judge found Robert Allen Johnson guilty last week. He will be sentenced on Oct. 10.
Prosecutors say Johnson's blood alcohol measured 0.103 percent shortly after he crashed his pickup through a wall at Reliant Systems in Zimmerman on Sept. 11. The legal limit is 0.08 percent.
Johnson told a deputy he'd had at least two drinks and that the accelerator on his pickup truck got stuck.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Co-leader Hideki Matsuyama has an “extra gear” in common with many of the greats, Ernie Els said on Friday after playing the second round of the PGA Championship with the Japanese player.
Els has been grouped with Matsuyama many times, but was still surprised when he watched his fellow competitor blow a drive over a fairway bunker guarding the left side of the slight dogleg at the 10th hole.
“What I saw today that I haven't seen from Hideki is that little extra he has,” the South African veteran told a small group of reporters after Matsuyama had carded seven-under 64 to tie American Kevin Kisner for the second-round lead at Quail Hollow.
“I remember in my prime and a lot of other guys' primes when you needed it there was that 20 yards and he's got that ability,” continued former world number one Els.
“Today on number 10 there's a bunker at 310 (yards). He flew that bunker comfortably. When you have that kind of firepower, he's got an extra gear. He plays within himself and then can let it go. The whole package is there.”
Els thinks world number three Matsuyama has “really paid his dues” by playing well in previous majors and hopes the Japanese player on Sunday becomes the first man from his country to win a major.
“There's not really any flaws in (the swing and) he's not scared of the lead,” Els said.
“Some guys shy away from the lead because they're not sure of their games. I think he's totally sure of his game. That 61 on Sunday (to win the Bridgestone Invitational) must have given the world of confidence.
“I would really like it if he wins because he's really paid his dues now.”
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
April 28Harbin High-tech Group Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.15 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) to shareholders of record on May 8, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on May 9 and the dividend will be paid on May 9
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ywXnDb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SAN FRANCISCO Help Wanted: A chief operating officer to help change a Silicon Valley giant's now-notorious "bro" culture, but who can thrive in a power dynamic that hands the boss overwhelming control.
At Uber Technologies Inc. [UBER.UL], co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick commands everything from board decision-making to the exact hour the beer taps will open at the company's San Francisco headquarters.
That management approach is rooted in more than just a cult of personality.
Uber's governance and share structure, and the "founder-friendly" terms of the $13 billion in equity the company has raised, give Kalanick, his co-founder and a fellow employee ultimate control over the company, according to company documents and an Uber investor with knowledge of the matter.
As the company searches for a chief operating officer who can in theory take on some of Kalanick's sweeping authority, that looks to be a problem.
"A COO would report into Travis, so structurally, there's the rub," said Dave Carvajal, an executive recruiter for venture-backed tech companies. "This COO is going to need to have influence at the board level to effect change."
Kalanick's near-total control at Uber is made possible largely by a dual-class share structure that gives certain owners 10 votes per share, according the company's certificate of incorporation filed with the State of Delaware.
Kalanick, along with Garrett Camp, Uber's co-founder who is now working on another startup, and Ryan Graves, Uber CEO prior to Kalanick, together hold enough of those super-voting shares to give them control of the company, according to an Uber investor with knowledge of the matter.
The documents say Uber's executive board may have eleven voting members, including nine seats controlled by shareholders with super-voting rights.
But Kalanick has kept the power circle small, leaving four board seats empty. In addition to Kalanick, Camp and Graves, the board includes venture capitalist Bill Gurley of Benchmark, David Bonderman of TPG Capital, Yasir Al Rumayyan of the Saudi Arabian public investment fund and media impresario Arianna Huffington.
Leaving control with founders has become popular in Silicon Valley in recent years, both because of the success of founder-led enterprises like Facebook Inc (FB.O) and Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google and because investors compete with each other to fund entrepreneurs by offering them the best terms.
Those circumstances helped Uber obtain a $68 billion valuation, the biggest of any private venture-backed company.
But with Uber rocked by scandals, including detailed accusations of sexual harassment from a former female employee and a video showing Kalanick harshly berating an Uber driver, Kalanick just weeks ago promised to "grow up" and hire a COO who would offer "leadership help."
The COO search is ongoing, but Uber's human resources chief told reporters last month that Kalanick, 40, is already showing a more collaborative style.
The share structure leaves investors with few options if they lose patience with Kalanick, though there is little sign of that happening. With two public exceptions, investors have either supported Kalanick or stayed silent as the company's all-important rider numbers continue to grow even in the face of controversy.
Mitchell Green, a partner at Lead Edge Capital that invested in Uber at a $40 billion valuation, believes the controversies will blow over and he even wants to buy more stock.
"We believe that Travis continues to drive shareholder equity value higher," said Green.
CONTROL A COO DETERRENT?
The most effective COOs have broad authority and direct access to the board, governance experts say. At Facebook, for example, COO Sheryl Sandberg works in partnership with founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg and holds a board seat.
At Uber, it's not so easy to envision what a power-sharing arrangement would look like, or how the brash founder could be an agent of managerial change under such a governance structure, the experts said.
"People don't like to correct their own homework," said Bill Aulet, managing director of the entrepreneurship center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. "This is a situation where the checks and balances are not really in place."
An Uber spokesman declined to comment for this story.
A string of high-level executive departures – including company president Jeff Jones last month and top communications chief Rachel Whetstone this week – has centralized even more authority with Kalanick and raised questions about the staying power of his deputies.
Kalanick is known to obsess over details like office decor alongside big issues like pricing strategy and driver relations.
Kalanick at one point ordered the beer taps in the office locked during certain hours, controlling when employees could pour themselves a pint, after expressing displeasure with one imbibing staff member, said one former employee.
The CEO closely managed Uber's logo redesign last year, despite himself not being a designer, according to a source close to the company. Design chief Andrew Crow announced he was quitting the day after the new logo was unveiled.
Soon after, Kalanick rejected the new logo designers brought him for Uber Eats, the company's food-delivery business, upset that the team hadn't shown him every iteration of the design, according to a second former employee.
The CEO also at times edited press statements following a PR incident, the former employee said. He was especially anxious that the company didn't come across as too apologetic.
This sort of iron grip may deter qualified COO candidates who "don't want to do their job with one arm tied behind their back," said Robert Siegel, a lecturer at Stanford University and venture capitalist at XSeed Capital.
(Editing by Jonathan Weber and Edward Tobin)
A Father's Day plea: “What happened in Newtown can happen anywhere. In any instant, any dad in America could be in my shoes. No one should feel the pain. No one should feel our pain or the pain felt by the tens of thousands of people who've lost loved ones to senseless gun violence. ... The Sandy Hook Promise begins: ‘Our hearts are broken. Our spirit is not.' ... We will keep moving forward and build public support for common-sense solutions to gun safety.” — Mark Barden, Newtown father (April 17, New York Daily News)
In the six months since the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newton, Conn., nearly 4,400 more Americans have been killed by guns.
How do you feel about the fact that Congress has done nothing to make our communities safer? The Coalition Against Gun Violence believes such inaction is unacceptable to the majority of Americans.
The newly organized community group Newtown Alliance is refusing to accept a do-nothing Congress. They are commemorating the six-month anniversary by going to Washington, D.C., this week and hand-delivering letters signed by other like-minded groups to key legislators in the Senate and House of Representatives. The letters will demand action on universal background checks, and will be accompanied by a list of Americans who have been killed since Dec. 14, 2012.
The Newtown families united by unimaginable tragedy have, with their determination and strength, united millions of Americans to make their own communities safer. Newtown Alliance will keep moving forward and building public support for common sense solutions to gun safety. A majority of Americans are aware it is only common sense that specific legislation is necessary to keep firearms and military-style weapons and ammunition out of the hands of prohibited persons.
The Santa Barbara Coalition Against Gun Violence, a grassroots nonprofit, has been working for nonviolence on the Central Coast for 18 years.
Prevention through education is the mission of CAGV. In continuing that goal, CAGV will present another community town hall forum on Thursday, Oct. 17, “Safety in Our Homes, Schools and Community.” Because safety begins in the home with adult role models, we are encouraging parents, grandparents and family members to become actively involved in keeping our homes, schools and community safe.
You and your family can take action by becoming involved in two national programs: the ASK Campaign as parents, and your children can become involved by taking The Pledge. In your home you can encourage nonviolence through CAGV's five “What I Can Do” principles, which can be viewed on our website by clicking here.
Please contact CAGV today and become an active member. Take action! Call 805.564.6803 or email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here to learn more about safety in a nation full of firearms.
These words by Mark Barden, father of 7-year-old Daniel Barden, one of the 20 children gunned down at Sandy Hook, were spoken at a press conference introducing President Barack Obama on April 17: “We are NOT defeated. We are here and we will ALWAYS be here because we have no other choice. We are not going away; and every day as more people are killed in this country because of gun violence, our determination grows. Now is still the time.”
NOW is still the time! Become active in this sea of change wrought through the deaths of innocents.
Toni Wellen, chair
Coalition Against Gun Violence
TIRANA, April 3 Albania's gross domestic product grew 3.46 percent in 2016 over 2015, the Institute of Statistics said on Monday, according to preliminary estimates based on quarterly figures.
The 2016 growth estimate was in line with 3.4 percent growth forecast by the Albanian government and the International Monetary Fund. They predict growth of 3.7 percent in 2017.
The gross domestic product grew 3.97 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016 over the same quarter in 2015, boosted by trade, hotels, restaurants and transport as well as construction.
Except for the real estate sector, which fell by 0.18 percent, the rest of the economy recorded higher growth in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.
The electrical energy sector contributed 61.94 percent to help the industry, energy and water sector expand by 5.14 percent in the fourth quarter, offsetting a 10.57 percent decline by the extracting industry.
Construction rose by 6.81 percent, helped mainly by private firms that carried out major construction work for the Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP AG), the Institute said.
It estimated the gross domestic product grew 0.90 percent in the fourth quarter of 2018 over the third as agriculture, financial services and net taxes underperformed. (Reporting by Benet Koleka; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
On Friday, May 26th, the rising independent solo artist Christian Heath released his latest studio session. The dynamic, new pop single entitled 'MAGIC' is now available on iTunes, Amazon and all digital platforms.
Artist, Christian Heath
Media Contact
PR Manager, Genevieve Vieira
+27 10 590 6211
info@fluidmedia.co.za PR Manager, Genevieve Vieira+27 10 590 6211
End
-- The release of 'MAGIC' continues Heath's longstanding reputation for crafting some of the indie community's most beloved singles in recent years. Since his career ignited in 2009 with his critically lauded debut 'Breaking Ground,' Heath has charted on various radio stations internationally and has enjoyed significant airplay in South Africa, the United States, Australia and elsewhere."I am very happy with the body of work," Heath says of 'MAGIC' and the new album due for release in July. "Some of the tracks were done in 2014, so I have a lot of years in them. However, they are finally ready to be released to the world."In recent years, the artist has made inroads in Hollywood with some of the most respected producers and executives in the music industry, and thus, Heath's singles are recorded in California.On top of charting several times since his debut in both Top 40 and Top 20 lists, Heath has made a name for himself on the stage as well. From the South African art festival Aardklop to California's Emerald Cup Festival, Heath and his band have exhibited their prowess as a versatile live act on countless occasions. They've also performed alongside some of the most notable names in the indie music scene today.Official lyric video: https://youtu.be/qkCIXKJ0cgUFans can connect withon his official website and social networis to stay updated on new releases and events. Heath's new album is set for release in July. To purchase Heath's latest single on iTunes, please visit: https://itunes.apple.com/ us/album/magic- single/id1236432012 For media inquiries regarding Christian Heath, individuals are encouraged to contact PR Manager, Genevieve Vieira directly at +27 10 590 6211 or via email at Info@fluidmedia.co.za. To learn more about the artist or to stay up to date on news of his upcoming albums, please visit: www.christianheath.co.za
A make-shift fence can be seen out the front of a property being redeveloped which has been registered by Cambridge Analytica as their Australian office in the Sydney beachfront suburb of Maroubra in Australia, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray
A make-shift fence can be seen out the front of a property (L) being redeveloped which has been registered by Cambridge Analytica as their Australian office in the Sydney beachfront suburb of Maroubra in Australia, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray
SYDNEY/SINGAPORE The big data company credited with helping Donald Trump win the U.S. presidency has registered a company in Australia and plans to meet the country's ruling conservative Liberal Party next week, according to documents and a government official.
Cambridge Analytica, which has also said its "psychographic" methods helped the successful campaign for Britain to leave the European Union, has registered an Australian office at a property currently being redeveloped in the Sydney beachfront suburb of Maroubra, corporate filings show.
The presence of Cambridge Analytica in Australia underscores its efforts to capitalize on two high profile successes in the past year and enlarge its footprint in established Western democracies.
The person named in filings as the only shareholder of Cambridge Analytica's Australian operation, Allan Lorraine, confirmed in a telephone call he was working with the firm but declined to comment further.
Cambridge Analytica's U.S. head office declined an interview request with the company's global chief executive officer, Alexander Nix, to discuss its Australian plans.
Nix is scheduled to speak at an Australian data analytics conference next week and will be meeting officials from Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal Party.
"Senior Liberals will be talking to Mr Nix and the Cambridge Analytica team while they're out here in Australia, and will be interested to talk with them about their capacities and what they're offering people in the Australian political system," said Tony Nutt, party's federal director.
The main opposition Labor Party declined to comment.
MICROTARGETING VOTERS
Cambridge Analytica says it uses "behavioral microtargeting", or combining analysis of people's personalities with demographics, to predict and influence mass behavior. It says it has data on 220 million Americans, two thirds of the population.
Its London-based parent company, consumer researcher SCL Group Ltd, says it formed Cambridge Analytica in 2013 to work on the U.S. election. Cambridge Analytica worked for the campaign of failed Republican candidate Ted Cruz before signing on with Trump.
Although it has a population of only 24 million, Australia offers high sales volumes for companies which make money from elections. It has federal elections every three years, among the shortest election cycles of developed nations, and is one of the only countries with compulsory voting enforced by fines at federal, state and local government level.
The Australian arm of Cambridge Analytica has so far lodged no financial disclosures, according to regulatory records, suggesting it has not traded in the country despite being established before the federal election in 2016 and several state elections.
While profiling would-be voters and targeting messaging is nothing new, Cambridge Analytica achieved a degree of notoriety after media reports revealed the extent of its data gathering and apparent effectiveness.
"It is scary how accurate the information is you can glean from publicly available data," said Bela Stantic, an information technology professor who runs the Big Data and Smart Analytics laboratory at Griffith University in Australia.
DIFFERENT MARKET
Still, Australian election analysts questioned whether Cambridge Analytica's model, which involves analyzing people's voting and party registration history, as well as social media profiles and other data, would work in Australia.
Most Australians do not register for political parties and voting histories are not recorded, while the country's compulsory voting system also weakens the power of campaigns aimed at encouraging - or discouraging - certain demographic groups to vote.
"They might find it useful but still most political professionals in this country would be of the view that campaigns are not about motivating people to vote, it's about banging the same message long enough that those who aren't interested hear it," said Antony Green, election analyst at the Australian Broadcasting Corp.
Alex Oliver, director of the polling program at non-partisan think tank the Lowy Institute, said Australian law required organizations to disclose the source of political advertising.
"I'd be concerned about the intentions and bona fides of a commercial organization which claimed to have influenced important elections through audience targeting and psychological manipulation," Oliver said in an email.
"That practice, if indeed it could be achieved, would impinge on the proper functioning of a democratic system."
(Editing by Lincoln Feast)
April 5 Lions Gate Entertainment Corp
* Lions Gate Entertainment Corp - Deal for $1.032 billion
* MGM to acquire full ownership of EPIX
* Lions Gate Entertainment Corp - Agreement for MGM to acquire 80.91% aggregate membership interests in EPIX held by Viacom, Paramount and Lionsgate
* Lions Gate Entertainment Corp - Viacom and Lionsgate currently own 49.76% and 31.15% equity interests in EPIX, respectively
* Lions Gate - Paramount Pictures and Lionsgate will have multi-year agreements to continue bringing "first-run theatrical output" to EPIX Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Repeats story published late on Tuesday)
* Downgrades shrink pool of potential investors
* Barclays pushes back share sale plans - source
* ANC economic transformation plans cause uncertainty
By Tiisetso Motsoeneng
JOHANNESBURG, April 12 Barclays' plans to sell its African business and pull out of the continent are being hindered by South Africa's political upheaval and credit-rating downgrades, according to banking sources and fund managers.
The British bank gave itself 2-3 years to sell its controlling stake in Johannesburg-based Barclays Africa when it announced the plan in early 2016, and sold 12 percent last May in an "accelerated bookbuild" - a share sale held over a short period of time.
It had been planning another accelerated bookbuild in the last two weeks but pushed it back because of concerns over investor appetite due to political and economic uncertainty in South Africa, according to a banking source familiar with the plans.
The source, who asked not to be named as they are not authorised to speak publicly, did not say when the deal might now take place.
A spokesman for Barclays in London declined to comment.
South Africa has been mired in business uncertainty since late last year when the ruling African National Congress (ANC) pledged to radically transform the economy following losses in local elections that were partly caused by anger over deep inequality that persists more than two decades after apartheid.
It said it would redistribute the wealth of the country to the black majority, but has not outlined how it plans to do so.
Investor unease increased significantly two weeks ago with the sacking of respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan which led to S&P Global Ratings cutting the credit rating of South Africa and its banks to junk.
Fitch also pushed Pretoria's debt into junk territory and is expected to also downgrade local banks in the coming days because their large exposure to sovereign debt closely links their credit profile to that of the government.
The downgrades have heightened the risk of a prolonged economic stagnation and rattled investor confidence in banks, whose performance is closely linked to the economy, wiping out more than 132 billion rand ($9.5 billion) from their market value in two weeks.
The pool of potential buyers to which Barclays' can sell shares in its African business to is also shrinking, according to bankers, because the mandates of some institutional investors, including some pension funds, do not allow them to hold an asset that's sliding on credit ratings. "Barclays Plc have to make a tough call – go ahead and sell Barclays Africa at a low enough price that will attract investors or wait, possibly a few years, until the situation has stabilised," said Kokkie Kooyman, portfolio manager at Dekker Capital in Cape Town.
'PAYING PRICE'
The British bank said early last year that it planned to reduce its 62 percent stake in its African business to below 20 percent by 2019 as part of its plan to exit Africa to focus on the United States and Britain.
As well as hindering its global strategy, delays in the sale timetable could throw up regulatory problems.
Barclays is partly relying on funds raised from the stake sale to meet capital requirements that were identified as a concern by the Bank of England in a November "stress test" aimed at gauging its ability to withstand financial shocks.
The lender faces the annual test again late this year, and the British regulator could ask it to submit plans to raise extra capital if it has not met the requirements.
Barclays is increasingly looking at selling its remaining 50 percent stake in chunks because it is struggling to find one strategic buyer that will satisfy South African regulators, sources have previously said.
Barclays Africa earns more than 80 percent of its revenue in South Africa, but also operates in nine other including Kenya, Ghana, Botswana and Mozambique.
It has been hit hard by the economic uncertainty and credit downgrades in South Africa, along with domestic peers Standard Bank, Nedbank and FirstRand. They are heavily dependent on wholesale funding sources such as bonds, whose costs have surged following the downgrades, and exposed to the effects of economic problems such as rising unemployment.
South Africa's "top four" banks have shed between 7 and 13 percent over the past two weeks.
Faced with possibility of losing more supporters in the 2019 national elections, the ANC party has pledged to overhaul the economy, with the central plank being the redistribution of wealth, but has not disclosed details of its plans.
The policy is aimed at winning back core voters in a country where black people make up 80 percent of the 54 million population, yet the lion's share of the economy in terms of ownership of land and companies remains in the hands of white people, who account for around 8 percent of the population.
"Banks are paying the price for political uncertainty that we've seen in the country over the past two weeks," said Ron Klipin, a fund manager at Cratos Capital in Johannesburg.
"As an investor, when you hear words like 'radical economic transformation', it creates some uncertainty in terms of the economic policy, in terms of further downgrades and the cost of funding for banks." ($1 = 13.8876 rand) (Additional reporting by Lawrence White in London; Editing by Pravin Char)
NEW YORK (AP) " NBC News' elder statesman Tom Brokaw is challenging fellow journalists to write more about the scourge of "fake news."
The newsman said he has a close friend who believes blatantly false stories even though Brokaw demonstrates to him that they're not true. The 77-year-old Brokaw, longtime anchor at NBC's "Nightly News" before stepping down in 2004, accepted an award from Syracuse University on Tuesday.
Brokaw says the amount of false stories in the news ecosystem doesn't get enough attention.
He said the lesson of the last election for journalists is too many were covering the story from the top down instead of the bottom up " meaning they need to get out in the country and find out what people are thinking.
This story was first published on Wednesday May 30
The parents of a baby who died after failing to wake from his nap at a Toowoomba daycare centre have raised almost $8000 for emergency workers who helped him live long enough for them to say goodbye.
Kathy Wockner has started a crowdfunding page to support the emergency workers who helped her son Lucas. Source: Facebook
Lucas Wockner was found unresponsive in his cot by daycare workers last Thursday.
Paramedics resuscitated the nine-month-old, who was airlifted to the Lady Cilento Hospital in Brisbane but died the following day.
The cause of his death is unknown.
Mum Kathy Wockner started a GoFundMe fundraiser to thank emergency services and hospital staff for their efforts in trying to save her "beautiful brave boy".
"We still do not understand why he didn't wake from his sleep on Thursday morning but we are so thankful for the team who resuscitated him so that we could have our time to say goodbye," she wrote on the GoFundMe page.
"He passed surrounded by all the family, for which we are very thankful."
More than 100 people have donated just under $8000 in just two days.
Mrs Wockner said the money would go to the Queensland Ambulance Service, Toowoomba Base Hospital, Life Flight, Lady Cilento ICU; Ronald McDonald House.
BRIEF-System1 says current role of COO being split into specialist leadership roles
* As part of preparations to become larger marketing services company, current role of COO is being split into specialist leadership roles
May 3 Jinli Group Holdings Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$0.7 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Co will use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$0.3 per share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/5Dsqyb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A Colorado jury has ruled in favor of Taylor Swift in her countersuit against former radio host David Mueller for alleged assault and batter.
CNN reports that after nearly four hours of deliberation, the jury sided with Swift who accused the Denver-based DJ for groping her at a meet-and-greet event in June 2013. Mueller denied the interaction and sued Swift, her mother Andrea Swift, and radio director Frank Bell in 2015, accusing them of interfering with his job so that his station fired him. He was seeking more than $257,500 in damages yet on Friday, Aug. 11, a judge ruled there was insufficient evidence to show Swift had acted improperly.
Mueller will be required to pay $1 in damages to Swift, an act the star's legal team called "a "symbolic gesture" in order to seek justice—instead of money—and to inspire women to speak up about sexual assault.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:01 Parker Jones's steal, free throws save the day for Mission Prep in win over SLO High
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
Share This: Watch An Army Of Journalists Travel Beyond The Wall For An Epic Game Of Thrones Tour Cherylann
Winter is here, and with it comes the release of Game of Thrones: The Complete Seventh Season on Blu-ray and DVD—just in time for nesting season.
In celebration of the Blu-ray and DVD release, HBO gathered an army of journalists from around the world and set out on an epic journey across the landscapes of Iceland. With the guidance of Inspired by Iceland and Game Of Thrones' locations manager, Einar Sveinn Thordarson, the group was able to travel through the North and South of Iceland safe from Wildlings and White Walkers.
To the common folk, it is known that GoT takes up residency in Belfast for a large majority of shooting. However, Iceland has been a key player in recreating George R.R. Martin's mythical world Beyond the Wall. Filming locations include Mance Rayder's Wilding camp, the base of the wall (or what's left of it), the canyon where Jon Snow captures a White Walker for Cersei, the path to the Bloody Gate, East Watch By The Sea, the waterfall in Meereen where Drogon torched a little boy and his goats, and the cave where Jon Snow did that thing with his tongue.
Pending weather conditions, filming locations in Reykjavik, Aukeyri, Hvolsvöllur, and Þórsmörk can be accessed by locals and visitors by foot or 4X4, with local tourism companies offering day trips led by GoT experts and insiders. The Viking Tour in Aukeyri includes a visit to the Waterfall of the Gods (Goðafoss) and details on where the actors favour spending their time during filming.
For a sneak peek of what your next GoT inspired trip to Iceland could look like, watch the video below for an inside look at shooting locations with exclusive commentary from locations manager, Einar Sveinn Thordarson.
Game of Thrones: The Complete Seventh Season is available now on Blu-Ray and DVD complete with over an hour of extras. Be sure to add it to your holiday wish list for all your binge-watching pleasures.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ZURICH, April 5 Swiss asset manager GAM Holding on Wednesday urged shareholders to reject proposals from activist hedge fund investor RBR amid pressure from the group to cut costs and change chief executive.
"The Board of Directors believes its proposed candidates will best serve the interests of all shareholders and unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR the proposals put forward by the Board of Directors and AGAINST the proposals made by the Requesting Shareholders," Zurich-based GAM said in an invitation to its annual general meeting due to take place on April 27.
RBR wants GAM to cut 353 back office jobs to help lower costs by 100 million Swiss francs annually, and has proposed to elect Kasia Robinski as chairwoman, William Raynar as a board member and Rudolf Bohli on its board of directors. It also wants to replace current Chief Executive Alexander Friedman.
The size of RBR's stake in GAM is closer to 5 percent than 3 percent, RBR founder and Chief Investment Officer Bohli said last week. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi)
LONDON May 2 Terence Sands is set to join Natixis as part of the leveraged loan and high-yield bond syndication team, banking sources said.
Sands is due to join the London office in June, reporting to Jean Dado, EMEA head of leveraged loan and high yield bond syndicate.
Dado in turn reports to Christopher Lovgren, head of global high-yield corporate distribution and trading, a newly created job bringing together leveraged loans and high yield bonds.
Sands joins from Jefferies, where he was vice president in leveraged credit capital markets, focusing on high yield and leveraged loan syndicate, from June 2014. Prior to that he was an associate in leveraged and acquisition finance at HSBC from 2010.
Natixis was not immediately available to comment. (Editing by Christopher Mangham)
Scottish firm John Menzies (MNZS.L) said it was in talks to sell its distribution business to British mail delivery firm DX Group (DXDX.L), responding to calls by top investors to separate the unit from its airport services business.
DX Group proposed to pay 60 million pounds in cash and issue of new ordinary shares, which would represent 80 percent of DX's issued share capital after the deal closes, the companies said in a statement on Friday.
John Menzies's shares rose as much as 11.2 percent to 706 pence on the London Stock Exchange, touching their highest since November 2013.
The company has been under pressure to revamp its business as a string of warnings and departures of top executives drew criticism from three investors who advocated separating its aviation services and print media distribution units.
Activist investor Shareholder Value Management (SVM) took a 7 percent stake in Menzies last year and urged the company to break up its businesses saying they would be worth more if split.
John Menzies has been aiming to expand the aviation support business, which provides cargo and baggage handling and freight forwarding services and brings in most of its profits, as its once core newspaper and magazine distribution business continues its decline.
The merger deal will see Greg Michael, the managing director of John Menzies' distribution unit, take over as the chief executive of DX Group, and Paul McCourt, the unit's finance director, become DX Group's chief financial officer.
The companies said the deal would constitute a reverse takeover by DX and its ordinary shares are expected to be suspended from trading on London's Alternative Investment Market, effective Friday.
The deal would generate cost synergies of 8 million-12 million pounds each year and complete in the summer, they added.
Rothschild is the financial adviser to John Menzies and Zeus Capital is advising DX Group.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
April 12 British actor Jude Law will play a young version of Hogwarts' venerable headmaster Albus Dumbledore in the second film of J.K. Rowling's "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" franchise.
Warner Bros. film studio said on Wednesday that Law would play Dumbledore decades before he became the headmaster of Hogwarts, the school where Harry Potter and his friends learned to become wizards and fight dark forces in society.
Potter author Rowling has also written the screenplay for the second of the "Fantastic Beasts" franchise, which is set 70 years before Harry Potter goes to Hogwarts, Warner Bros. said in a statement.
"We are thrilled to have Jude Law joining the 'Fantastic Beasts' cast, playing a character so universally adored," said Toby Emmerich, president and chief content officer of Warner Bros. Pictures.
The first "Fantastic Beasts" film, released in Nov 2016, made some $813 million at the global box office. A total of five films are planned for the franchise.
The second of the movies, which is yet to be titled, is due for release in November 2018. (Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Andrew Hay)
NEW YORK, April 5 Poland's desire to cut natural gas imports from Russia has led to an "understanding" with the United States to work toward a deal to export liquefied natural gas to its new Baltic Sea terminal, the country's deputy prime minister said on Wednesday.
Mateusz Morawiecki, who is also the minister of economic development and finance, said in an interview that discussions with new U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry brought "a very positive response."
"The word agreement is probably premature. Understanding? Absolutely," Morawiecki said as he wrapped up a three-day U.S. visit with stops in Washington, Boston and New York.
Poland's liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal in the Baltic Sea was completed in 2015 and opened last year. It has an annual capacity of 5 billion cubic meters, which the government wants to double in the next few years, Morawiecki said.
Internal sources supply 30 percent of Poland's gas consumption, with the rest predominantly from Russia, which Warsaw eyes with suspicion.
Once procedural issues are settled and viable export capacity is found, "the last element which is to be negotiated is the price," he said, noting that gas from Russia, Algeria and Qatar is competitive.
"The average price is lower than what we can obtain from Texas, from the United States. A little way to go, but I hope we will find a common denominator," he said.
In February 2016 the United States began exporting LNG from the lower 48 states for the first time. None of that gas, an estimated $895 million worth in the first year, made it to Poland or northern Europe because of cheaper sources from Russia and Norway.
Poland is considering adding more LNG capacity by building a floating LNG terminal in the Baltic Sea by 2021.
Poland's expanding economy would help support the added capacity. Economic growth of 3.5 percent in the first quarter and "3.6 percent or higher" for 2017 is possible, Morawiecki said.
He said he was not concerned by the recent strength of the Polish currency, as long as it remains in the 4 to 4.5 per euro range.
"With the recent strengthening where zloty touched 4.21 to the euro, it was perceived as quite strong, but it is still quite a good exchange rate for our exporters," he said.
GAS IS NATIONAL SECURITY
Finding alternative gas sources is important for Poland's national security.
Poland's contract to buy gas from Russia's state-owned Gazprom expires in 2022. Replacing the roughly 10.2 bcm of Russian gas each year from its annual consumption of 15 bcm to 16 bcm is a top priority, as it would reduce any leverage Moscow has over its former vassal state.
Poland, a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, is on the frontline between a buildup of both Russian and NATO military forces, unprecedented since the end of the Cold War. The buildup has been driven by Russia's annexation of Crimea and accusations, denied by Moscow, that it is supporting a separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine.
"I am very much concerned. I think that what Russia is doing since invading Georgia in 2008 and Ukraine in 2014, it is clearly against international public law," Morawiecki said.
"We strongly oppose this expansionary and aggressive policy by Russia. Cyber threats to the Baltic States and Poland are difficult to overestimate. I believe this is a real threat. We have to be very much in partnership with NATO and EU countries," he said.
Poland's western flank has been shaken by Britain's decision to leave the European Union in 2019, referred to as Brexit.
"In the context of Brexit, NATO could become more and more important from a political point of view. It could become a more viable political and not only military platform in the context of the UK," he said.
Morawiecki said he was more optimistic than most about the financial impact from Brexit, believing the UK would still make monetary contributions to the EU either directly or indirectly, similar to what Switzerland via treaties and Norway via membership in the European Economic Area contribute.
"But we would like to maintain the (UK) contribution as much as possible," he said. (Reporting by Daniel Bases; Additional reporting by Scott DiSavino in New York; Editing by Richard Chang)
I've made some pretty bold claims in my time but I've never once claimed to know the future. Not until today, that is. Move over Herald horoscopes, I've got this one.
The future begins every day around a table at 10.30am in a small office not far from Christchurch's Hagley Park. A team of people are going through a list of crimes and figuring out what to do. The day I'm there, they have 24 family harm incidents before them, ranging from the minor (an argument between a couple), to the serious (a physical assault with visible injuries, including strangulation).
This team isn't fighting unsolved crime, but rather crime that might be committed in the future.
The idea came from police, who were regularly going to family violence calls and seeing the same offenders and the same victims. Arrest, lock 'em up, release, then repeat.
Advertisement
Crimes were being solved, but they weren't solving the crime problem. The causes of the offending, and therefore the problems, usually continued unaffected. Maybe the violence would occur in a different relationship, maybe in the same one, but it would invariably reoccur. Compounding the issue, the kids of those families often grow into the next generation of offenders.
Furthermore, some cases may not have led to arrests or charges, but showed signs of problems that were likely to escalate. Police could see crime coming in the future, but could do little other than offer a bit of doorstep advice.
In other words, crime is a complex phenomenon and yet we were tackling it in less than sophisticated ways. That high prison population we keep hearing about? In part that's because our thinking on crime has been woefully inadequate.
The police were using all the tools they had, but they needed more and that meant a multi-agency approach. Hence Integrated Safety Response (ISR) was formed, and is being piloted in Christchurch and Hamilton.
Around the table every morning in Christchurch are: an ISR co-ordinator, police, Oranga Tamariki, Corrections, two representatives from the CHB for general health and mental health, and a representative for all of the other relevant agencies and the non-governmental organisations, which are numerous.
In all there are about 48 agencies including the likes of ACC, the City Mission, Stopping Violence Services, He Waka Tapu and even, I kid you not, the SPCA (people cruel to animals will often be cruel to people or vice versa).
The ISR ensures work is done with the victim, the offender, and with peripheral issues, which are largely to do with the impacts of the environment on children.
For example, if there are drug or alcohol issues, Health will hook people up with addiction services or psychologists if there are mental health issues.
Many of the NGOs run stopping violence programmes and the Ministry of Education will follow up if a child is found not to be in school. The interventions are numerous and customised for individual circumstances.
One of the keys to this, as is probably evident, is information sharing. In part that means there is no wasteful duplication of services and that providers are complementing one another. The privacy issues at play have been well canvassed, and taken seriously. The higher the risk the more information that can be shared. Often it just means telling different agencies that there is an issue without giving any details. Schools, for example, might be notified so guidance counsellors can keep an eye out for behaviour that may indicate a resumption of problems at home.
A recent evaluation found that of all the incidents put before the ISR, 78 per cent receive some intervention (many multiple interventions) and 62 per cent have not returned to the ISR, meaning no further offending.
In the two years the pilot has been running in Christchurch, there has been one murder related to family violence and that was just as the ISR was beginning and neither the victim nor the offender had come to ISR attention. The usual number of domestic homicides is three to five per year.
Are these data encouraging? Yes they are. Definitive? Nope, not yet. More time is needed to really assess the impacts on offending and reoffending. There are likely some adjustments that need to be made, and a few incremental improvements, but overall, a multi-agency approach that addresses the drivers of crime is our best shot at making significant improvements. That conclusion is not just intuitive; it's supported by best practice research.
For years we have looked at crime as an issue for police and the justice system only. That thinking is now the past. A sophisticated approach that has an eye on prevention is the future of criminal justice.
And we didn't need a crystal ball to predict it; we just needed some rationality and reason. The same things, as it happens, that make for sound crime and justice policy.
• Dr Jarrod Gilbert is a sociologist at the University of Canterbury and the lead researcher at Independent Research Solutions. He is an award-winning writer who specialises in research with practical applications.
DAKAR May 2 Senegal's President Macky Sall dismissed his energy minister on Tuesday, the president's office said in a statement that gave no reason for the sudden move.
Thierno Alassane Sall, an aeronautical engineer by training who is not related to the president but is among his longtime collaborators, had been in the post since 2015.
Senegal is on the verge of a potential oil and gas boom, as newly discovered fields off its Atlantic coastline are expected to begin production within the next decade.
Companies including British-based Cairn Energy and Dallas-based Kosmos Energy have reported a string of successful finds in recent years that could transform Senegal's agricultural economy.
The energy portfolio will now be managed by Prime Minister Mahammed Boun Abdallah Dionne, the statement said. (Reporting by Diadie Ba; Writing by Joe Bavier; Editing by Catherine Evans)
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Pennsylvania's highest court has ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order releasing him on unsecured bail.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2-4 years in prison for violating probation.
Mill issued a statement saying his five months in jail have been "a nightmare" and thanking all his supporters.
Advertisement
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed on bail.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of his arresting officer.
March 31 Ocean Bridge Co Ltd
* Says it will issue 3th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds, to raise 7 billion won in proceeds for operations
* Maturity date is April 3, 2020, coupon rate is 0 percent and yield to maturity is 1.5 percent for the bonds
* Conversion price is 10,250 won/share and conversion ratio is 100 percent
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/xoHuV3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
TOYOTA GAZOO Racing World Rally Team test driver Esapekka Lappi and his co-driver Janne Ferm will make their first appearances at the top level of the FIA World Rally Championship (WRC) on Rally de Portugal in May.
Lappi will join his team-mates Jari-Matti Latvala and Juho Hänninen in the squad for the May 19-21 event, driving a third Yaris WRC at the start of a limited programme of WRC rounds, which will be selected according to development requirements.
The car has performed well since its debut on Rallye Monte-Carlo, and was driven to victory by Latvala on just its second event in Sweden in February, but TOYOTA GAZOO Racing is continuing to learn during the first season of the WRC project. With the team having collected plenty of data from the previous events, adding a third car when needed will help to accelerate the development of the Yaris WRC.
Lappi, who is one of the brightest prospects in rallying and last year won the WRC 2 title, joined TOYOTA GAZOO Racing prior to the 2017 season and has got to know the Yaris WRC well during testing. Through real competition, the 26-year-old Finn will be able to gain further experience to keep him match-fit.
Tommi Mäkinen (Team Principal)
"Esapekka is a very young and very hungry driver, this is for sure, but of course he has not had so much time to test the car before his first rally. I know that he will do his best, and the objective for him personally is the same as the objective for the whole team: he needs to finish the rallies and collect as much information as possible. There is still a lot of progress that we can make with our car and he is going to be an important part of that development process. Of course, you learn a lot from testing on your own but you learn even more from real competition against everyone else when that is part of a testing programme, which is why we have made this decision to run Esapekka and Janne on some rallies this year. It is good to give some young boys a chance as well."
Esapekka Lappi (Test Driver)
"This is the moment I have been working for all of my life: it is an amazing opportunity to drive a World Rally Car and I am so happy. I actually first met Tommi and Mr Toyoda together on Rally Finland in 2014, just to say hello, but I had no idea back then that I would end up driving for them now! I have not had a lot of testing with Yaris WRC so I will need to build my experience as it is a very big step up from R5. For Janne too, there will be plenty to get used to, as the pace notes are coming so much faster! But step by step we will all learn together. My goal is to try and get to the finish of the rallies without issues. If you can do that, then you always have a good chance of scoring some points."
‘This is my last day,” Okanogan County
As I sit here in my sold empty cabin, she creaks and stirs with big, open, bare rooms, these walls can tell stories.
I, too, have a story to tell, though just how without getting too emotional...
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
LIMA, March 31 Peru on Friday urged other nations to match its tough stance on Venezuela and withdraw their ambassadors from the country to protest the "authoritarian" takeover of its Congress by the pro-government Supreme Court.
Venezuela's top court took control of congress earlier this week in what critics described as a coup. Protests and international condemnation grew through Friday, with Peru taking the hardest line in the Americas.
Calling the move a "flagrant breach of democracy," the Andean country, led by centrist President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, immediately called back its ambassador.
"It's a rapid gesture that other countries should take so Venezuela sees it's alone on that path," Peru's Vice President Martin Vizcarra told Reuters in an interview. "If we want a country, a continent to be governed by democracy, I think all countries must have a firm position of disavowing any kind of coup or authoritarianism."
Peru has emerged as a potential leader of regional efforts to press Venezuela to enact democratic reforms in the absence of a clear strategy from the United States, which has called the Venezuelan court's move a "serious setback for democracy."
Kuczynski, a former Wall Street banker with strong globalist and free-trade beliefs, has won support at home for his position on Venezuela in which he has traded personal attacks with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
Vizcarra said Peru's own experience with authoritarianism in the 1990s, when now-jailed rightwing former President Alberto Fujimori dissolved Congress with the backing of the military, has left an indelible mark on the country.
"We've gone through that before and we wouldn't want to repeat that experience or see fellow countries like Venezuela go through it," Vizcarra said.
Vizcarra declined to discuss possible next steps, stressing that Kuczynski is leading the effort in the government.
Last week Mexico called its ambassador back to Mexico for consultations ahead of a meeting in the Organization of American States, a Mexican foreign ministry source said. The ambassador is now back in Caracas and has not been called back since the Supreme Court move, the source said.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto expressed worry about the "deterioration of democracy" in Venezuela on Friday and instructed his foreign ministry to raise the matter again at the Organization of American States.
"Considering these events, we cannot remain indifferent. Just as we did not in 2002 when there was an illegal attempt to overthrow the government," said Pena Nieto, referring to a 2002 coup attempt against Maduro's political mentor, late President Hugo Chavez.
(Reporting By Mitra Taj and Marco Aquino, Additional Reporting by Gabriel Stargardter and Lizbeth Diaz in Mexico City; Editing by Andrew Hay)
VATICAN CITY Pope Francis, who is due to visit Egypt this month, on Sunday condemned the blast that killed at least 21 people and injured 50 a Coptic church in the Nile Delta [L8N1HH05I].
"I pray for the dead and the victims. May the Lord convert the hearts of people who sow terror, violence and death and even the hearts of those who produce and traffic in weapons," he said at the end of his Palm Sunday Mass before tens of thousands of people in St. Peter's Square.
He expressed his "deepest condolences" to all Egyptians and to the head of the Coptic Church, who is due to be one of his hosts on the April 28-29 trip.
The blast was the latest assault on a religious minority that has increasingly been targeted by Islamist militants.
(Reporting By Philip Pullella, editing by Larry King)
RIGA (Sputnik) — The situation on the Korean Peninsula is “on edge,” and further escalation can lead to war and thousands of deaths, spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry Maria Zakharova said in an interview with the Latvian Baltkom radio on Monday.
“We [the ministry] have repeatedly said that the situation is on edge. But despite this, we hear both the rhetoric of Pyongyang and the statements coming every day from Washington. The paradox is that they are identical. It is an open threat of use of force from both sides,” Zakharova said, adding that if war breaks out, it will be a collapse “on the global scale with complete violation of international law.”
She added that the United States has all the instruments needed to solve international crises diplomatically, but “it's all forgotten.”
Zakharova also pointed that the ecological threat, which is more than regional, as North Korea is located on a peninsula surrounded by ocean.
“If people in 2017 do not understand what the threat of nuclear weapons is, that it is a threat to the entire world, then what are we talking about?” she asked, recalling that Russia and China proposed a “double freeze” plan, which implies a simultaneous end to North Korea's missile tests and joint US-South Korean military drills.
Earlier this month, the UN Security Council (UNSC) unanimously adopted a resolution tightening sanctions against North Korea after the latter's two missile launches in July.
Following the adoption of sanctions, the United States and Korea exchanged aggressive statements. Pyongyang vowed to use any means possible to retaliate against the United States, and US President Donald Trump warned that if North Korea continued making threats or possible actions that they would be met with “fire and fury” from the United States. Pyongyang, in its turn, said it considered an attack near the Pacific island of Guam, where several US military bases are located.
© Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Asia and Pacific
May 3 Genworth Mortgage Insurance Australia Ltd
* 2017 guidance unchanged
* Q1 reported NPAT $52.2 million versus $67.3 million a year ago
* Net Earned Premium (NEP) of $107.9 million in 1Q17 decreased 4.9 per cent
* Loss ratio was 34.8 per cent in 1Q17, up from 27.0 per cent in 1Q16
* Investment income of $34.3 million in 1Q17
* Expects 2017 NEP to decline by about 10 to 15 per cent and for FY loss ratio to be between 40 and 50 percent
* "House price growth is likely to moderate in 2017"
* For FY17 board continues to target an ordinary dividend payout ratio range of 50 to 80 percent of underlying NPAT
* Company expects GWP in 2017 to be below 2016 levels, down between 10 per cent and 15 per cent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Tuni Textile Mills Ltd
* Tuni textile mills ltd says to consider to sale of unused portion of land to restructure debt liability Source text: (To consider to sale of unused portion of land to restructure debt liability) Further company coverage:
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” her contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
With an indefinite hosepipe ban in place in Northern Ireland since 29 June, it makes sense to know your rights.
Even if you do it innocently, wasting water during a drought can bring with it some serious consequences. Here's everything you need to know about Northern Ireland's first summer hosepipe ban in 23 years.
What exactly is a hosepipe ban?
Put into place during periods of hot weather to conserve water supplies, a hosepipe ban prohibits the use of hoses for all purposes.
Watering your lawn, washing the car or other vehicles and filling a swimming pool, pond or fountain are all off limits across Northern Ireland.
What will happen if I break it?
According to the Water and Sewerage Services (Northern Ireland) Order 2006, any person found to be ignoring a drought restriction is guilty of an offence, and will be liable to pay a fine.
Why has the ban been put in place?
After an extended period of high temperatures and very little rainfall, NI Water has been left unable to treat water quickly enough to satisfy demand.
Homes in Lurgan and Coalisland have been left without water, or experienced low pressure. Isolated properties are particularly at risk.
On Sunday evening, NI Water said demand is still 30 per cent higher than normal, and asked the public to continue to reduce their usage.
Can I still water my plants?
The general public are still permitted to water their plants when necessary during a hosepipe ban by using a watering can.
Will businesses be closed?
According to NI Water, business customers have not been affected by the ban as they rely on water use for their livelihood. Some may also already have water efficient systems in place, such as metering or water recycling systems.
* SAYS CEO JENNY SVENSSON AND NIKLAS GUSTAFSSON HAVE THROUGH THEIR OWN COMPANIES SOLD 3% OF THEIR HOLDINGS IN SJÖSTRAND COFFEE INT AB TO MEMBERS OF THE BOARD AND FURTHER STAKEHOLDERS IN THE COMPANY
TOKYO, April 6 Japanese retailer Seven & i Holdings Co said on Thursday it would buy most of Sunoco LP's convenience store and gasoline retail businesses for about $3.3 billion.
Seven & i, which operates the 7-Eleven convenience store chain, said in a statement the deal was aimed at expanding its store network and improving profitability.
Seven & i said it expects to carry out the acquisition from Texas-based Sunoco in August.
Source text for Eikon:
(Reporting by Chris Gallagher; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Government blesses omitting race from admissions, enrollment
hello
FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos testifies at a House Committee on Education and the Workforce, n Capitol Hill in Washington. The Trump administration is rescinding Obama-era guidance that encouraged schools to take a person's race into account to encourage diversity in admissions. That's according to an administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity.
WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration said the government would no longer encourage schools to use race as a factor in the admissions process, rescinding Obama-era guidance meant to promote diversity among students.
The shift announced Tuesday gives colleges the federal government's blessing to leave race out of admissions and enrollment decisions and underscores the contentious politics that for decades have surrounded affirmation action policies, which have repeatedly been challenged before the Supreme Court.
The Obama administration memos encouraging schools to take race into account were among 24 policy documents revoked by the Justice Department for being "unnecessary, outdated, inconsistent with existing law, or otherwise improper." Attorney General Jeff Sessions called the changes an effort to restore the "rule of law," though civil rights groups decried the move and some universities said they intended to continue their diversity efforts as before.
The action comes amid a high-profile court fight over Harvard University admissions that has attracted the government's attention, as well as Supreme Court turnover expected to produce a more critical eye toward schools' race-conscious admissions policies.
The court's most recent significant ruling on the subject bolstered colleges' use of race among many factors in the admission process. But the opinion's author, Anthony Kennedy, announced his retirement last week, giving President Donald Trump a chance to replace him with a justice who may be more reliably skeptical of admissions programs that take race and ethnicity into account.
The new policy dramatically departs from the stance of the Obama administration, which said schools could consider race in admissions decisions. In one 2011 policy document, the administration said courts had recognized schools' "compelling interest" in ensuring racially diverse populations on campuses.
"Institutions are not required to implement race-neutral approaches if, in their judgment, the approaches would be unworkable," the guidance said. "In some cases, race-neutral approaches will be unworkable because they will be ineffective to achieve the diversity the institution seeks."
That guidance has now been rescinded, as have about a half-dozen similar documents, including some that sought to explain court rulings affirming the use of race to make admissions decisions.
In one such document, the Obama administration stated, "As the Supreme Court has recognized, diversity has benefits for all students, and today's students must be prepared to succeed in a diverse society and an increasingly global workforce."
The Trump administration's announcement is more in line with Bush-era policy that discouraged affirmative action and instead encouraged the use of race-neutral alternatives, like percentage plans and economic diversity programs.
Though such guidance doesn't have the force of law, schools could presumably use it to defend themselves against lawsuits over admission policies.
The Trump administration's Justice Department had already signaled concern about the use of race in admissions decisions.
The department, for instance, sided this year with Asian-American plaintiffs who contend in a lawsuit against Harvard that the school unlawfully limits how many Asian students are admitted.
Students for Fair Admissions, the group suing Harvard, is led by Ed Blum, a legal strategist who also helped white student Abigail Fisher sue the University of Texas for alleged discrimination in a case that reached the Supreme Court.
Blum said Tuesday the organization "welcomes any governmental actions that will eliminate racial classifications and preferences in college admissions." Harvard, meanwhile, said it would continue considering race as an admissions factor to create a "diverse campus community where students from all walks of life have the opportunity to learn with and from each other."
Civil rights groups criticized the Trump administration's announcement, saying it went against decades of court precedent permitting colleges to take race into account.
"We condemn the Department of Education's politically motivated attack on affirmative action and deliberate attempt to discourage colleges and universities from pursuing racial diversity at our nation's colleges and universities," Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said in a statement.
Lily Eskelsen García, president of the National Education Association, said "affirmative action has proven to be one of the most effective ways to create diverse and inclusive classrooms." She said the announcement underscored the stakes surrounding the upcoming Supreme Court appointment.
The high court has been generally accepting of considering race in admissions decisions to achieve diversity. In a 2016 opinion written by Kennedy, the court granted affirmative action policies a victory by permitting race to be among the factors considered in the college admission process.
The ruling bitterly disappointed conservatives who thought Kennedy would be part of a Supreme Court majority to outlaw affirmative action in education. Justice Antonin Scalia died after the court heard arguments in the case but before the decision was handed down.
The new affirmative action guidance may add to an already contentious fight over the next justice.
With Trump expected to announce his nominee next week, the issue should be a central part of any confirmation process, said Howard University law school dean Danielle Holley-Walker.
She called the new guidance "highly unfortunate and counterproductive" and said the decision is another indication that the Justice Department under Sessions is likely to be aggressive toward schools that do continue to factor in race in admissions decisions.
"People have been talking about precedent in regard to Roe. v. Wade" -- the landmark 1973 ruling affirming a woman's right to abortion -- "but it's important to remember that affirmative action has been a precedent for the past 40 years," she said. "This is a clear attack on precedent. Any Supreme Court nominee needs to be asked if they support precedent related to affirmative action."
Associated Press writers Mark Sherman and Jesse Holland in Washington, Collin Binkley in Boston and National Writer Errin Haines Whack in Philadelphia contributed to this report.
* Trump says dollar getting too strong
* JPMorgan, Citi rise on profit beat
* Wells Fargo down on drop in mortgage banking revenue
* Indexes up: Dow 0.03 pct, S&P 0.09 pct, Nasdaq 0.31 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 13 U.S. stocks were little changed on Thursday as investors weighed earnings from the top Wall Street banks and President Donald Trump's comments on the strength of the dollar.
Shares of JPMorgan and Citigroup rose about 1 percent after the two banks reported better-than-expected quarterly profits.
However, Wells Fargo slipped 1.4 percent after reporting a big drop in mortgage banking revenue and Berkshire Hathaway's disclosure that it had reduced its stake in the bank.
The earnings come in the wake of a frenetic rally in bank shares that started after Trump's election as U.S. president on hopes that he would rein in banking regulations and introduce other business friendly policies.
The S&P 500 financial index was up 0.2 percent. Bank of America and Goldman Sachs, which are due to report results next week, were also up.
At 11:04 a.m. EDT (1504 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average was up 6.58 points, or 0.03 percent, at 20,598.44, the S&P 500 was up 2.22 points, or 0.09 percent, at 2,347.15 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 18.15 points, or 0.31 percent, at 5,854.31.
President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the dollar "was getting too strong" and that he would like to see interest rates stay low.
However, the impact of the comments was short-lived as the beaten down dollar recovered slightly and gold prices lost some of their luster after gaining for four straight days.
"Despite the rhetoric that comes out of any political event, if you have good economic data and decent earnings, (the market will) overcome the day-to-day dynamics of macro policy and political risk," said Nathan Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston Massachusetts.
Five of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by technology, which rose for the first time after a nine-day losing streak.
Trading volumes are likely to be weak on Thursday ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,360 to 1,351. On the Nasdaq, 1,332 issues rose and 1,258 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed three 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 18 highs and 37 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
March 29 Britain's Johanna Konta recovered from the brink of defeat at the Miami Open on Wednesday to beat third seed Simona Halep in the quarter-final.
Halep was only two points from victory in the second set, but could not put away her opponent, who pounced on the Romanian's evident emotional fragility to prevail 3-6 7-6(7) 6-2.
"It was a really tough match, very high level," Halep told the WTA after the match.
"I was so close to winning, I was two points away in the tiebreak, but she played very strong and deserved to win today.”
Despite the result, Halep took comfort from a solid tournament as she works her way back from a knee injury.
"I'm happy to be here after the break that I had. I'm just disappointed I lost a match I had in my hands. But my confidence is there, the game is there, I just need to play matches."
Her post-match comments were more positive than her negative remarks to coach Darren Cahill after the second set.
Cahill told a sullen Halep she was a better athlete than Konta, imploring her to make her opponent run in the third set.
“You can write yourself off but I'm not writing you off,” Cahill said. “It's up to you. It comes from within … Be brave in the big moments."
Cahill's remarks did not have the desired effect, however. "This is my character," Halep grumbled to her coach. "Two double faults at the end of the tiebreak and I miss all the balls."
Halep was completely outplayed in the final set, and she admitted afterwards that her exchange with Cahill was nothing out of the ordinary.
“It's just my personality to be hard on myself. I want to change that in the future. I can say that I'm better than before, and I'm working on it.”
Tenth seed Konta, meanwhile, looked forward to a semi-final against either American Venus Williams or German top seed Angelique Kerber.
“Whoever I'm playing, I'll have a battle on my hands that's for sure," Konta said. (Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Toby Davis)
HONG KONG, March 28 Aviva Plc is exploring a sale of its Friends Provident International unit, which offers life assurance and investment products, in a deal that could raise between $500 million and $700 million, a source with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The British insurer has received preliminary interest from about half a dozen Chinese firms and European funds for the business, said the source, declining to be named as the process was not public.
An Aviva spokeswoman declined to comment.
The news was earlier reported by the Wall Street Journal. (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Clara Ferreira-Marques and Mark Potter)
Hello is set to be the big Tollywood release of the upcoming Christmas season. The film, featuring Akhil Akinneni in the lead role, is expected to make a grand release on December 22, 2017.
Directed by Vikram Kumar, Hello is the second acting venture of Akhil Akkineni as a lead hero. Vikram Kumar, with Hello, is expected to deliver yet another big hit to Tollywood.
Some of the songs of Hello have already gained the attention of the audiences. The audio launch ceremony of Hello was held at MGM studios inVisakhapatnam on December 10, 2017.
The big function was attended by celebrities like Nagarjuna, Priyadarshan, Akhil Akkineni, Kalyani Priyadarshan, Vikram Kumar and others. Take a look at some photos from the function..
Nagarjuna & Others Nagarjuna, who has produced the film under the banner of Annapurna Studios, was present for the big function. In this picture, you could see Nagarjuna along with Akhil Akkineni, Vikram Kumar and Anup Rubens.
Akhil Akkineni, who plays the lead role in this upcoming movie, spoke a few words during the function. In his emotional speech, he thanked his parents and Vikram Kumar for supporting him throughout - even during the tough times.
Kalyani Priyadarshan Kalyani Priyadarshan, the daughter of popular film-maker Priyadarshan is making her debut as a leading lady with Hello. Earlier, the actress had worked as an assistant director in the film Irumugan.
Priyadarshan Popular film-maker Priyadarshan was also present for the grand function held in Vishakapattanam. Interestingly, Vikram Kumar had earlier worked as an assistant to the ace film-maker.
Amala Akkineni Yesteryear actress Amala Akkineni made it a point to grace the big audio launch function of her son's upcoming movie. In this picture, you could see Amala Akkineni, Kalyani Priyadarshan and Priyadarshan.
Anup Rubens Hello has its songs set to tune by popular music director Anup Rubens. Hello has 5 songs in it and most of them have emerged as catchy numbers.
LIVE Performance The live performance of Akhil Akkineni was one of the major highlights of the movie. He did impress the audience with his dance performance. Importantly, he also sang live on stage.
MORE PICTURES! Hello Audio Launch Ceremony
It was a horrible high-pitched squeal that suddenly made us aware that something serious was happening close by. But little did we expect to see a juvenile stoat attempting to kill a large rabbit just yards from the RSPB Campfield Marsh building where we were eating our picnic lunches.
It was certainly one of nature's less attractive moments, but as we were on a four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday, then it became one of the major talking points with our fellow guests back at HF Holiday's lovely Derwent Bank Hotel during the evening.
Located on the banks of one of Cumbria's most attractive lakes and just over a mile from the town of Keswick in the pretty village of Portinscale, Derwent Bank is one of 18 UK hotels owned by the company which began life as Holiday Fellowship back in 1913.
Surrounded on all sides by mountains, Portinscale's village name has an odd twist for in old English it means 'Harlot's Hut' – Portcwene meaning 'harlot' and skálitranslated as 'hut' – so you can draw your own conclusion as to what went on there!
Britain's Lake District was granted UNESCO World Heritage status just six months ago which positions it with other ‘must see' iconic outdoor destinations such as the Grand Canyon and Great Barrier Reef and I was delighted to be invited there for a four night stay by HF Holidays.
Following an easy four-and-a-half hour drive from Bedford, I was met by 28-year-old Russell Hedley, our wildlife expert and guide for the duration of the holiday. Now I've met several naturalists before, but Russell's knowledge really rubbed off on our group of ten – which included five retired teachers – his sheer enthusiasm seemingly taking everybody's interest in wildlife to a new level.
Sitting together in the hotel's lounge on the first evening, Russell explained that he intended taking us into coniferous forests and deciduous woodland and then to visit wetland habitats in the hope that we might see plenty of wildlife, although he added that the intended itinerary was always subject to change.
Our transport for the Monday to Friday holiday was a Mercedes minibus driven by Bolton-born Nathan Greenhalgh who, just weeks earlier, had been ferrying the cast and crew of the television drama The 'A' Word around its lakeland location.
"I had breakfast with Christopher Eccleston and Lee Ingleby one morning and they were delightful," he said. "However I wasn't allowed to say anything about the filming or the actual locations as it's all very hush hush."
Our first destination on the Tuesday morning was to Whinlatter Forest, the largest man-made plantation on a mountainside in Britain. It was established between the two World Wars in a bid to replace some of the timber used in the Great War.
We spent the morning searching for the elusive red squirrel and despite seeing plenty of signs – and a few colourful crossbills – our quarry remained hidden apart from seeing one on a live camera feed on television once we returned to the forest's visitor centre.
There were plenty of LBJs – Little Brown Jobs – which I failed to identify with my limited knowledge although we spent our lunchtime watching the bird feeders which attracted dozens of blue, coal and great tits, chaffinches and the occasional siskin plus Britain's smallest bird, the goldcrest.
After that we drove off to the other side of Keswick to visit the Great Wood and Frier's Crag before we walked into town alongside the lakeshore where we watched a huge murmuration of starlings, redwings chasing mistle thrushes from tree to tree, a pair of goosanders, a shy kingfisher and a whooper swan which was being hounded by a slightly larger male mute swan.
In total we walked around seven miles and also enjoyed a hot chocolate at the Keswick Theatre restaurant before returning to the hotel for a hot shower before dinner. En route we passed Keswick's quirky Pencil Museum while that evening we were treated to a talk by Keswick Museum's curator who bought along a huge selection of strange objects for us to try and identity and to guess their age and useage.
The following morning we set out for the Woodlands Trust-owned Powter How where Russell pointed out dozens of different fungi and numerous plants but again the squirrels stayed hidden.
Then it was off to lakeland's most northerly mass of water, the four mile long Bassenthwaite Lake in the shadow of the mountains of Blencathra at 868 metres and Skiddow at 931 metres, the latter being the sixth highest peak in England.
It's only found in Bassenthwaite and Derwentwater, but the vendace is one of the world's rarest fish, having been trapped there after the Ice Age. However as the lake has otters and cormorants on its shores, it could well be even rarer – or even extinct – as their quest for food wouldn't distinguish the vendace from any other fish!
Sadly there were no waders but just a few tufted ducks on show so we headed off to the more impressive seven hectare Dubwatch Silver Meadow wetland nature reserve where we first spotted a peregrine falcon while several snipe rose from the boggy landscape to zig-zag away into the distance.
Given that barn owls are common there, we popped into the nearby Pheasant pub to sample their mulled wine before returning to the meadow as dusk began to fall only to find a couple of owl pellets which were carefully dissected by Russell and the group back at the hotel. It revealed that the owl had eaten three individual field voles plus a tiny shrew in the last 24 hours.
Our final full day saw a change of plan, for instead of visiting the re-wilding projects at Ennerdale, Russell arranged for us to travel north to the Solway Firth where the sun shone all day from a cloudless blue sky and gave us excellent views across the water to Dumfries and Galloway in Scotland.
It was also easily our most successful day of wildlife watching as we saw more than 30 bird species, from various waders on the shoreline like dunlin and redshank to numerous winter visitors like fieldfares and whopper swans. And then there was that stoat which managed to disable the unfortunate rabbit only to run away into a nearby barn every time it let out that high-pitched squeal.
But the little stoat returned at least a dozen times before finally ending the poor bunnies misery with a savage bite to the back of the neck. It then proceeded to try and push the rabbit into the barn only to discover that it was much easier to pull it. It took it at least 20 minutes but it was a Lesser learned and it also reminded us that nature itself can be so very cruel.
Walking out onto the boggy Campfield Marsh reserve on a raised walkway, we spotted three roe deer while our hopes of seeing that elusive red squirrel quickly evaporated. However we were treated to watching a large flock of pink-footed geese and four whooper swans fly in to roost for the night.
Over the three days we had spotted and enjoyed seeing 113 different species of birds, plants and fungi, all carefully logged by Russell who present a list to us at our final evening get-together. Oh! and one thing I had never heard of before was that by reversing your binoculars and looking through the 'wrong' end, they become microscope-like when viewing plants or leaves from close quarters.
DERWENT BANK HOTEL
Located on the shore of Derwentwater in the quaint Cumbrian village of Portinscale close to the town of Keswick, the four-star Derwent Bank Hotel has been owned by HF Holidays since 1937 although it actually dates back to 1788 when it was constructed as Finkel Street House by Joseph Pocklington (1736-1817).
However the house has been sold to various owners since then and has undergone some major changes in appearance, its three-storey original having been deemed 'very ugly' by all who saw it, its owner being branded 'A Man With No Taste' by the locals.
Various wings and extensions have been added and major improvements made by its later owners down the years. But the biggest changes came in the early 1900s when wealthy widow Emily Haigh Edmondson (1862-1936) had several walls removed, opening up some of the rooms while adding a number a dated feature like the huge wooden fireplace which stands proudly from floor to ceiling in the current dining room.
However once Holiday Fellowship purchased it together with its 20 plus acres of woodland garden in 1937, they began adding bathrooms, toilets and extending upwards above the current bar/cafe area, bringing the number of bedrooms to 38 – 23 being twins and 15 singles.
Having undergone a total refurbishment just last year, Derwent Bank has everything you need for an outdoor-style holiday, especially with that separate boot room to help with the drying of the wet clothing and footwear, the entire lakes region likely to suddenly change from bright sunshine to a torrential downpour at the drop of a hat.
There are no particular frills inside the building itself which has a large comfortable lounge, a conservatory and bar while its bedrooms are nicely finished. Our premier room (No15) looked out across the lake with its wooden jetty while other rooms faced the extensive flower and vegetable gardens and the hotel's own bee hives.
All the room are nicely furnished and provide plenty of storage while there is the usual television, tea and coffee making facilities and free Wi-Fi while the beds themselves are particularly comfortable.
Derwent Bank currently has 13 staff members under the guidance of its Spanish manager Mariano Marcos-Granados who has been with HF Holidays for a total of 21 years and has headed up the Portinscale operation for more than a decade.
"I've really enjoyed my time here," he told me. "We've got a great staff and we really try and give our guests an enjoyable experience. They are really loyal to the HF Holidays brand and many return years after year and have become good friends.
"Our head chef João is Portuguese and he looks to use as much local produce as possible. In fact last night's six-course dinner was pretty much all local produce, even the tapas starter of Serrano ham, chorizo and salami were made here," he added.
While local dishes often include Cumbrian Herdwick lamb, English Lakes ice cream together with numerous Cumbrian cheeses, everything else is supplied by local butchers and grocers. Drinks too are brewed and distilled locally with speciality gin now becoming a firm favourite.
However it was the breakfasts that I particularly loved. A bowl of freshly-made yoghurt with honey and granola plus a fruit juice to start with and then a truly memorable Full English – black pudding, bacon, sausage and hash browns, tomato, beans, fried bread and plenty of mushrooms. While there were plenty of other choices all cooked to order, the former certainly set me up for a day of healthy walking and bird watching in the crisp lakeland air!
There's a choice of lunchtime picnic sandwiches – which you pre-order the night before – while you can then load up your lunch bag with fruit, crisps, pies and healthy snacks before setting off for the day.
It's the same at dinner, for you are able to choose the following evening's three-course meal just after you've eaten the current one and before you meet up with fellow guests in the conservatory for coffee afterwards.
One word of warning… on arrival day we happily tucked into warm scones, jam and cream at 4pm but then struggled through dinner a mere three hours later. Just saying!
FACT FILE
Travel writer Alan Wooding and photographer Alan Stafford was guests of HF Holidays – www.hfholidays.co.uk – on their four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday staying at the Derwent Bank Hotel on the shores of Derwentwater in the village of Portinscale. The hotel is open year round and caters for all outdoor activities, both guided and self-guided walks plus cycling.
Wildlife expert Russell Hedley has worked with HF Holidays for five years and is managing director of Talks & Walks Guided Nature Tours – www.naturetalksandwalks.co.uk, tel: 07505 149582, email russ@naturetalksandwalks.co.uk
Many thanks to Alison Barr and all at Gough Bailey Wright – www.gough.co.uk tel: 01527 579555 – of St John's House, 16 Church Street, Bromsgrove, B61 8DN for arranging the holiday.
HF HOLIDAYS
All HF Holiday country houses welcome self-guided walkers, so you can enjoy the same diverse array of scenery, culture, history and wildlife as the rest of the guests, but with the freedom to explore wherever and whenever you choose. Each of the houses has a Discovery Point packed with a selection of local walks for you to explore. All you need to do is decide how far you feel like walking that day, pick your route card off the wall, lace up your boots and head off.
HF Holidays is actually owned by its members. Standard membership can be brought for a minimum investment of £100 (100 £1 shares) while Investment Membership means an minimum outlay of £1,000 (1,000 £1 shares) – details at www.hfholidays.co.uk/membership or call 020 8732 1290. Membership itself means various rewards, discounts and advanced booking privileges.
With over 100 years' expertise in creating unique breaks, HF Holidays have devised special courses with experts for Photography, Arts & Crafts, Music, Theatre and Festivals, Dancing, Natural World, Mind & Body, Bridge and Touring. And while the majority of these activities take place in Great Britain, there is the opportunity to travel to all parts of the globe by checking out the website at www.hfholidays.co.uk
The 18 HF County Houses inn the UK are:
Chy Morval, St Ives, Cornwall;
Harrington House, Bourton-on-the Water, Cotswolds;
The Pevril of the Peak, Doverdale, Derbyshire;
Freshwater Bay House, Isle of Wight;
Derwent Bank, Portinscale, Cumbria;
Monk Coniston, Coninstonwater, Cumbria;
Longwynd House, Church Stretton, Shropshire;
Abingworth Hall, Abingworth, Sussex;
Craflwyn Hall, Snowdon, Wales;
Dolserau Hall, Dolgellau, Wales;
Alltshellach, Glen Coe, Scotland;
Larpool Hall, Whitby, Yorkshire;
West Lulworth House, Luworth Cove, Dorset;
Holnicote Gouse, Selworthy, Devon;
Nether Grange, Alnmoutrh, Northumberland;
Nythfa House, Brecon, Wales;
Newfield Hall, Malhamdale, Yorkshire Dales;
Thorns Hall, Sedbergh, Yorkshire Dales.
(Adds statement from Euronet)
BEIJING, April 6 China's Ant Financial tried to soothe security concerns about its proposed $880 million takeover MoneyGram International Inc on Thursday, saying it intends to store U.S. user data locally once the deal closes.
The finance affiliate of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd will meet MoneyGram's existing security infrastructure standards and invest in U.S. jobs, Ant's head of international strategy Douglas Feagin said.
"Any data collected on MoneyGram users in the U.S. will continue to reside on the same ironclad U.S.-based servers that meet the high security standards your customers trust today," Feagin said in an open letter.
Feagin added that Ant plans to invest in global compliance measures and anti-money laundering programs.
Ant agreed to buy MoneyGram in January, but last month Kansas-based Euronet Worldwide Inc made a rival offer and called on the U.S. government to scrutinise Ant's bid over "significant national security risks."
Euronet chief Michael Brown said Chinese ownership could compromise the relationship between law enforcement and MoneyGram when investigating money laundering and "terrorist financing".
Euronet said in a statement on Thursday that "the location of servers is completely irrelevant to the security of data," since the architecture of the servers will be controlled by the ultimate owner of MoneyGram.
MoneyGram could not immediately be reached for comment.
Ant's bid comes amid heightened tension between China and the United States over trade. It will be subject to a review by the Committee on Foreign Investment (CFIUS), a U.S. inter-agency panel that reviews foreign acquisitions for national security risks which has scuttled recent Chinese deals.
Dallas-based MoneyGram is one of the biggest firms in the global remittance market, offering services in around 350,000 stores across 200 countries. It would provide Ant with a coveted network of financial partnerships and form a lynchpin in their international strategy.
Over the past six months Ant has acquired strategic interests in payment firms in Thailand, South Korea and the Philippines, adding to existing investments in India. It plans to announce at least two further deals in Asia this year.
Euronet's initial proposal is valued at about $1 billion and MoneyGram has said it will carefully consider the offer. (Reporting by Cate Cadell; additional reporting by Liana; Editing by Alexander Smith and Tom Brown)
Adriano Galliani arrives at a notary's office for the transfer of ownership of AC Milan from Silvio Berlusconi's Fininvest to China's Li Yonghong in Milan, Italy April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Daniele Mascolo
MILAN With a lunch-time kickoff, both clubs under Chinese ownership and only a place in the much-maligned Europa League to play for, Saturday's Milan derby will be like none of the previous 217 fixtures between the old rivals.
Whether it heralds a brave new dawn for fallen giants Inter Milan and AC Milan, or yet more seasons of transition and uncertainty, remains to be seen.
The game at San Siro will take place less than 48 hours after Italian former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi finalised his sale of AC Milan to a Chinese-led consortium on Thursday for 740 million euros (628.80 million pounds).
It means both clubs are now under Chinese ownership, after retail giant Suning Commerce Group's purchase of Inter last June.
For the first time ever, the fixture will be played at 12.30 p.m. local time, a move likely to appeal to Asian viewers, but widely criticised by local fans on social media.
It will also feature two teams who have become sad shadows of their former selves.
The Derby Della Madonnina used to be one of the world's great fixtures and a centrepiece of the Serie A season but the indifferent form of both teams in the last few years has stripped it of its gloss.
Recently, with neither side in the Champions League nor the running for the Serie A title, it has struggled to be billed as the top match of the weekend, let alone of the season.
Milan goes into the match in sixth spot with 57 points, with Inter one place and two points below.
Both teams appear to be out of the running for a top three finish, which would earn a place in the Champions League next season, and are instead aiming for fourth to sixth places, which would take them into the second-string Europa League.
It is hardly a great prize but seven-times European champions AC Milan have not even managed to do that in the last three seasons after finishing eighth, ninth and seventh.
"I want to go into Europe, regardless of what Inter do," said AC Milan coach Vincenzo Montella.
Inter Milan have qualified for the Europa League in three of the last five seasons but, embarrassingly, have failed to get beyond the round of 16 and were eliminated in the group stage this season.
Inter's experience since the Suning takeover has been anything but plain sailing.
Coach Roberto Mancini resigned two weeks before the start of the season and his replacement, Frank de Boer, was fired after just 85 days following a miserable start.
Replacement Stefano Pioli oversaw an improvement, including a run of eight successive wins, but is back under pressure after a 2-1 home defeat by Sampdoria and Sunday's loss to humble Crotone.
"There's been a decline and it wasn't expected," Pioli said. "It's important to learn from hard lessons like these and make sure it doesn't happen again."
(Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Caerphilly Castle, Visit Wales copyright
Contact
Present PR
***@presentpr.com Present PR
End
-- To coincide with the The Year of Legends in Wales, The Valleys are celebrating their local legends and legendary adventures with a series of events from 22nd April - 7th May.Saturday marks the launch of the new Fairy Trail at Bedwellty Park which tells the history of the park, especially for its young visitors. On Sunday there'll be a 'cabinet of curiosities' - an enchanting afternoon for children to explore Welsh fairy tales and legends through story, music and activity.Bedwellty House and Park, Morgan Street, Tredegar, NP22 3XNSaturday 22and Sunday 23April, from 11am – 5pm.FREE entrySelf-guided walk in Blaenau Gwent: 'Walking in the footsteps of a legend… Aneurin Bevan' www.thevalleys.co.uk/media/114855/in_the_footsteps_of_nye_bevan.pdfOn Saturday 22and Sunday 23April visitors will be led on a journey from the Iron King of Wales, Robert Thompson Crawshay's family home at Cyfarthfa Castle to his grave at Vaynor Church. Here you will be greeted by an actor playing the ghost of Crawshay, before being transported back to the castle by bus.Meanwhile back at Cyfarthfa Castle there'll be creative activities for children and storytelling for all ages on the Mabinogion, and the story of Dic Penderyn, the Red Flag and the Merthyr Rising.Cyfarthfa Castle and Park, Brecon Rd, Merthyr Tydfil, CF47 8RESaturday 22and Sunday 23April, from 11am – 5pm, Walks start from Cyfarthfa Castle.FREE entrySelf-guided walk in Merthyr Tydfil: 'Walking in the footsteps of the Iron King' www.thevalleys.co.uk/media/114542/in_the_footsteps_of_the_iron_king.pdfStart to find your own family legends with this Genealogy event at the Workmen's Hall. With talks throughout the day from guest speakers, including Nick Barratt, Lead Researcher from 'Who Do You Think You Are', as well as drop-in workshops to show you how to trace your family history and discover the truth about your ancestors!Blaenavon Workmen's Hall, High St, Blaenavon NP4 9PTSaturday 22April, from 11am – 4pmFREE entry. Booking essential for the talks - Tel: 01495 742333, Email: blaenavon.tic@ torfaen.gov.uk Self-guided walk in Torfaen: 'Walking in the footsteps of iron men on the Iron Mountain Trail' www.thevalleys.co.uk/media/114610/in_the_footsteps_of_the_iron_men.pdfThis legendary day will start at Rhondda Heritage Park where you'll be invited on a guided walk along the Tram Road Trail, discussing the movement of Black Gold through the valley at the start of its journey around the world. Back at Rhondda Heritage Park there'll be storytelling and family activities that will transport you back to a bygone age.Other nearby attractions include The Royal Mint Experience, which opened in 2016, and includes a chance to strike your own pound coin, and The Lido Ponty outdoor swimming pool. If you decide to make a weekend of it, the 4* Miskin Manor Country House hotel is an elegant choice. The Grade II Listed country house hotel is well connected - just a mile from the motorway - but peacefully set on 25 acres of its own landscaped gardens.Rhondda Heritage Park, Lewis Merthyr Colliery, Coed Cae Road, Trehafod, CF37 2NPSaturday 22April, from 11am – 4pmFREE entrySelf-guided walk in Rhondda Cynon Taff: 'Walking in the footsteps of shepherds' www.thevalleys.co.uk/media/114907/in_the_footsteps_of_shepherds.pdfSet in the shadows of one of Europe's largest Castles is the town of Caerphilly, which celebrates its sixth annual Food Festival on Saturday May 6. Legendary foods including local cheese (Caerphilly, of course!), wine, cider and fudge will be on display, as well as some inspiring food demonstrations and craft workshops. Caerphilly Castle is open 9.30am - 5pm, with 2 for 1 entry all day. Caerphilly Town will be filled with traditional food and drink stalls, a farmer's market and craft fair, as well as dragon tale performances, puppet workshops, storytelling, mythical dragon parades and "just like that" ...Tommy Cooper impersonators. There will be local musicians to bring the town alive and embrace the local myths and legends.Caerphilly town centreSaturday 6May, from 10am – 5pmFREE entry. Event Hotline 029 2088 0011Self-guided walk in Caerphilly: 'Walking in the footsteps of monks, miners and monstrous giants' www.thevalleys.co.uk/ media/114778/ in_the_footsteps_ of_the... With mountains and coast within its bounds, Bridgend is a popular location for nature lovers and activity enthusiasts. It's legendary event 'Legends and Tails' begins at sunrise on Sunday 7th May, to join the Wildlife Trust at the Parc Slip Nature Reserve or the Ranger at Bryngarw Country Park, for the wildlife phenomenon that is the Dawn Chorus.Afterwards, relax and enjoy a legendary breakfast at the Parc Slip Café or Cedars Café before immersing in the new 360-degree virtual reality wildlife experience 'Dolphin Dive' or 'Flight of the Kingfisher'. In the afternoon, there'll be a bushcraft survival skills at Bryngarw Country Park, plus guided walks and storytelling sessions across both sites about the local myths and legends.Parc Slip Nature Reserve, The Nature Centre, Fountain Rd, Aberkenfig, Bridgend CF32 0EH OR Bryngarw Country Park, Brynmenyn, Bridgend CF32 8UUSunday 7May, from dawn.FREE entrySelf-guided walk in Bridgend: 'Walking in the footsteps of giants' www.thevalleys.co.uk/media/114886/in_the_footsteps_of_giants.pdfVisit www.thevalleys.co.uk/legendaryevents to find out more.
Register to read: Financial Times
Can you spot the company which has sharing as part of its business model?
Lennar's Chateau Series at Vistas Grand Opens on Saturday, June 9th.
Media Contact
Valerie Sheets
valerie.sheets@ lennar.com
949-283-0202 Valerie Sheets949-283-0202
End
-- Lennar is excited to announce the Grand Opening the model homes from the newly updated Chateau Series at Vistas, Saturday, June 9th. Prospective homeshoppers are invited to attend and learn more about this brand-new community."We are thrilled to present never-before-seen Chateau models to the public at this upcoming opening," said Susan Wilke, Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Lennar Central Valley. "Vistas is located in a prime Visalia location close to shopping centers, freeways and schools. We've brought some of our most family-friendly and popular home designs to this new community, making it a great opportunity for those looking to make their move this season."The Chateau Collection at Vistas offers homeshoppers eight distinctive floorplans to choose from in both single and two-story designs. Home sizes range from approximately 1,766 to 3,167 square feet of living space with three to five bedrooms and two to four bathrooms. These modern homes showcase gourmet kitchens, open-concept living areas, luxurious master suites and valuable Everything's Included® features that come at no additional cost.Lennar is the first builder to offer Wi-Fi CERTIFIED™ home designs. These new homes incorporate mapped out and built in wireless access points throughout the home that later provide uninterrupted internet coverage throughout every room in the home. Lennar's signature Everything's Included® program now offers the latest in home automation products and technology from today's most trusted brands, providing homebuyers with a connected and modern living experience.The Chateau Collection at Vistas is located off of Mooney and Ferguson in Visalia. Visit https://www.lennar.com/ new-homes/california/ fresno-central- valley/visalia/ vistas-chateau- series or call (559) 554-1147 for more information.For more information on new homes for sale across the Fresno market, visit www.lennar.com/ fresno Lennar Corporation, founded in 1954, is one of the nation's leading builders of quality homes for all generations. Lennar builds affordable, move-up and active adult homes primarily under the Lennar brand name. Lennar's Financial Services segment provides mortgage financing, title insurance and closing services for both buyers of Lennar's homes and others. Lennar's Rialto segment is a vertically integrated asset management platform focused on investing throughout the commercial real estate capital structure. Lennar's Multifamily segment is a nationwide developer of high-quality multifamily rental properties. Previous press releases and further information about Lennar may be obtained at the "Investor Relations" section of Lennar's website, www.lennar.com.
By Scott T. Sterling
Count Taylor Swift among the countless musicians paying tribute to rock legend Tom Petty in the wake of his death earlier this week.
Related: Bruce Springsteen Remembers Tom Petty: ‘A Long Lost Brother'
Swift spoke to Rolling Stone about Petty's tremendous influence on her.
“To me, Tom Petty represented a kind of songwriting I idolized: complex simplicity,” she revealed. “It said so much in the lyrics, the concepts, the stories, the message, the nuances … but always brought you back to a hook that got stuck in everyone's head. He motivated thousands of guitarists to learn to play just because they wanted to be able to play ‘Free Fallin.” Count me as one of them.”
Swift famously covered Petty's timeless 1977 single, “American Girl,” releasing it as a single and performing it on her Fearless tour in 2009. Check it out below.
May 3 Dewan Housing Finance Corporation Ltd
* Recommended final dividend of 3 rupees per share
* March quarter net profit 22.18 billion rupees
* March quarter total income from operations 23.78 billion rupees
* Net profit in March quarter last year was 1.90 billion rupees; total income from operations was 19.60 billion rupees
* Says exceptional items of 19.69 billion rupees for March quarter
* Says to consider issue of NCDs up to INR 200 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CAMP RIPLEY -- More than 150 soldiers in central Minnesota are heading to Kuwait. The Minnesota National Guard's 851st Vertical Engineer Company based at Camp Ripley will depart Wednesday for a nine-month deployment.
They will conduct engineer support missions.
The average age of the deploying soldiers is 27 years old. The youngest is 18 and the oldest is 55.
This will be the first deployment for 137 soldiers, the second for 10 of them, and the third for two soldiers.
Fourteen of the soldiers are women.
They will train in Texas next month and then arrive in Kuwait in June. They will come back to Minnesota next spring.
April 13 Ur-energy Inc
* Ur-Energy provides 2017 Q1 operational results
* Ur-Energy Inc - Expect to have contract sales of 241,000 pounds u(3)o(8) in 2017 Q2 at an average price of $49 per pound
* Ur-Energy Inc - 2017 Q2 production target for lost creek is between 60,000 and 75,000 pounds dried and drummed
* Ur-Energy Inc - 2017 Q2 production target for lost creek is between 60,000 and 75,000 pounds dried and drummed
* "Production rates at lost creek during quarter were in line with guidance"
* Ur-Energy Inc - For quarter, 79,340 pounds of u(3)o(8) were captured within lost creek plant
* Ur-Energy Inc - During quarter, sales at lost creek plant totaled $14.8 million on contract sales of 250,000 pounds at an average price of $59.28 per pound Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Isopropyl isocyanate is an organic compound that belongs to the isocyanate group. Isocyanates is an important class of intermediates that belong to a family of compounds commonly known as heterocumulenes. The chemistry of these compounds is characterized by nucleophilic addition and cycloaddition reaction modes. Other common names of isopropyl isocyanate are propane, 2-isocyanato, 2-isocyanatopropane, and methyl ethyl isocyanate. Isopropyl isocyanate is a colorless liquid and it possesses strong pungent odor.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/isopropyl-isocyanate-market.html
The molecular formula of isopropyl isocyanate is (CH3)2CHNCO and its molecular weight is 85.11. A major route for the industrial production of isopropyl isocyanate is through the reaction of N-propan-2-ylcarbamoyl chloride with 2, 4, 6-trichlorophenol, which offers the product yield of around 88%. Isopropyl isocyanate is incompatible with several groups of chemical compounds and it reacts exothermally, releasing noxious gases.
Isopropyl isocyanate is principally used as an intermediate for the manufacture of several industrial chemicals in industries such as fertilizers, pharmaceutical, and chemical. It is used as a reagent in the synthesis of O-aryl N-isopropyl carbamates. The compound is also used as a reagent in the manufacture of the androgen receptor antagonist used for treating prostate cancer. It is also used as a derivatization reagent in the stereo-isomeric analysis of secondary alcohols. Isopropyl isocyanate is employed to synthesize the selective dual inhibitor of mammalian target of rapamycin 1 and 2 (mTORC1 and mTORC2). Isopropyl isocyanate is toxic.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24428
It can cause skin irritation and is fatal if inhaled. Reactions of this compound with alkali metals, aldehydes, mercaptans, phenols, alcohols, amines, ketones, peroxides, strong oxidizers, or hydrides result in the release of extreme heat. These reactions can occur with explosive violence. Increasingly stringent regulations regarding the use of toxic chemicals across the world are anticipated to restrain the growth of the isopropyl isocyanate market during the forecast period.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
2:29
Trump criticizes hatred 'on many sides' after Charlottesville violence
2:24
White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:45
A pair of Mount Maunganui brothers have turned their app idea into an NZ$30m tech business disrupting the lucrative United States sports sponsorship market.
Brendan Howell, 40, and Peter Howell, 37, founded DROPIT in the Mount in 2015, building on technology from a previous enterprise.
A reverse auction app platform, in 60 seconds DROPIT counts down the price of an item to $0. The clock stops when someone buys it.
"When we launched in New Zealand we looked at our analytics and we were getting 92.5 per cent of users returning on a daily basis," said Peter, the company's chief executive and father of one.
Advertisement
"Those metrics were as good as Facebook, any of the big players. We realised we were on to something."
They decided to go international, aiming straight for the world's biggest consumer market: the United States.
"If you can make it in the States, the rest of the world will chase it anyway," Peter said.
Chief operating officer Brendan relocated to San Francisco and began building contacts in the city's humming start-up scene.
The company was accepted into a sought-after coworking campus for tech start-ups, Rocket Space. It was the former home of success stories including Spotify and Uber - rare "unicorns" ($1 billion companies) of the industry.
The strategic positioning paid off: a colleague talked them up to the San Francisco 49ers at a draft party at Levi's Stadium and they got an entry into one of their dream industries, sports.
It was the beginning of DROPIT's evolution into a fan engagement app, running live auctions of premium sponsored items to entertain sports fans in game breaks, projecting the action simultaneously on to massive scoreboards and user's phones.
At a Major League Baseball training game in March a US$22,280 car sold for $11,850.
Audiences loved the adrenalin-pumping, bargain-hunting action while sponsors loved seeing people actively engage with their brand instead of checking social media or grabbing a hot dog.
A distribution deal with major electronic scoreboard manufacturer Daktronics followed earlier this year, and next month they expected to go live at a couple of new stadiums. They were also eyeing up potential shopping mall applications, long term.
In a way the ambitious brothers have come full circle, having started their careers building billboards.
Asked if they would bring their product to New Zealand, they said, "watch this space".
After being approached they met with representatives of the country's four biggest sporting codes earlier this month. "They all want a piece of it," Peter reckoned.
This year they relocated the company to Miami and started expanding the company. This year they are trying to raise US$5 million in new investment capital - mostly from Kiwi investors - and build up their staff to 50 people, including new hires in New Zealand.
Each brother owned about 20 per cent of the company, and their goal was to make it a unicorn, planning to spend the next three to five years "working our you-know-what's off" to get there.
DROPIT like its hot
- App launched in the Mount in Nov 2015
- Now based in Miami
- Valued at US$21m (NZ$30m)
- Peter Howell, 37, chief executive, based in NZ
- Brendan Howell, 40, chief operating officer, based in US
This story is about Published 21m
What happened with Cowboys DL David Irving and girlfriend; why Frisco PD is investigating Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle David Irving sits on the bench following the Cowboys' 35-31 loss to the Green Bay Packers in an NFL football game at AT&T Stadium on Sunday, Oct. 8, 2017, in Arlington, Texas. Irving sacked Packers QB Aaron Rodgers twice in the game, but Rodgers broke an attempted tackle by Irving for an 18-yard run with 29 seconds left in the game, setting up the winning touchdown two plays later. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Jori Epstein and Julieta Chiquillo
Editor's note: This breaking news story has been updated and will continue to be with the latest developments. A dispute between Cowboys defensive lineman David Irving and his girlfriend turned ugly overnight when she openly accused him of domestic violence but retracted the allegations hours later Monday. Frisco police said they are investigating Irving after a woman who said she was his girlfriend called them twice Sunday to complain about domestic violence. The police announcement followed a series of tweets from Irving's account Monday morning that alleged failed drug tests and "domestic vilance (sic) again." "truth comes out today," one of the tweets read. Irving later deleted the tweets. In a post on Facebook, he said his account had been hacked by an ex-girlfriend "because I kicked her out for cheating." Angela Sanchez, who has a 5-year-old daughter with Irving and whose name appeared in one of the tweets, issued a statement Monday afternoon recanting the accusations. "I was very upset and made some allegations that were false at the time due to our vocal argument and my emotional state," Sanchez said in a prepared statement she released to SportsDay. "I had no intentions of getting David into trouble. I was just very emotional and upset ... David did not put his hands on me at any time."
Cowboys DL David Irving's girlfriend issues statement retracting DV claims: "I was very upset and made some allegations that were false...David did not put his hands on me at any time" pic.twitter.com/ChOxmNfZxj — Jori Epstein (@JoriEpstein) April 23, 2018
Police said Monday that they are investigating Irving over allegations involving assault with bodily injury, assault by impeding breath and unlawful restraint. Officer Radd Rotello said Monday afternoon that police were still gathering facts and that no arrest has been made. He said he couldn't provide more details, such as whether Irving is cooperating with police. Police said a woman called at about 5:15 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. Sunday to make the complaints and identified Irving as her boyfriend. The woman said Irving "dragged her out of the house by her hair causing pain" but later told police that she lied and that he didn't do that, according to a police report. Rotello said police were investigating her allegation anyway. A Cowboys spokesman declined to comment, while an NFL spokesperson confirmed the league will look into the allegations. Irving's attorney, Daniel Moskowitz, said Irving hadn't been contacted by police as of Monday afternoon and declined to comment further.
The NFL will look into the domestic violence allegations against Cowboys DE David Irving made on Twitter today and currently being investigated by Frisco police, a league spokesperson said. — David Moore (@DavidMooreDMN) April 23, 2018
#Cowboys DL David Irving's attorney Daniel Moskowitz declining comment on domestic violence allegations, says Irving hasn't yet been contacted by police — Jori Epstein (@JoriEpstein) April 23, 2018
This isn't the first time Irving has faced a criminal complaint. Sanchez accused him of domestic abuse causing injury in November 2013 in Iowa after police were called to an apartment for a welfare check. He was suspended indefinitely from the Iowa State football team and missed a game against Oklahoma before being reinstated. That charge was dropped in January 2014. "He tried to come back into the room, but I locked the door," Sanchez told the Iowa State student newspaper at the time. "He said, 'Just watch when I get home.' And I just stood quiet." Sanchez and Irving began dating at San Jacinto High School in California. Original story, 12:50 p.m.: Cowboys defensive lineman David Irving said Monday his account had been hacked after a series of tweets alleging failed drug tests and "domestic vilance (sic) again." Irving posted on Facebook that his ex had hacked him "because I kicked her out for cheating ... Again lol."
Even after Irving posted to Facebook, tweets continued to stream from his account requesting reporters to reach out to the woman posting them so she could "back her words up with evidence video pictures audio etc" Another tweet from his account said "Who moves the mother of their child to Texas wit no family just to beat her up and put her in the streets no clothes no shoes"
Irving declined to comment when reached but said he changed his locks yesterday. He also tweeted that the woman accusing him of cutting her hair did the same thing while he was in college at Iowa State but "being dark, and we'll (sic) huge, I'm always the one who's in trouble."
Changed the locks yesterday pic.twitter.com/U1IGv5Zv5n — David Ja Rodd Irving (@Caliboy_95) April 23, 2018
As y'all can clearly see. She has her hair lol. She did this exact same thing at Iowa State. I call the cops , but being dark , and we'll be huge , I'm always the one who's in trouble . She's a MmA fighter , bad attitude , and she uses my position against me. — David Ja Rodd Irving (@Caliboy_95) April 23, 2018
She stole my old iPhone , I had to change everything just now — David Ja Rodd Irving (@Caliboy_95) April 23, 2018
She hacked my iCloud . I just changed everything. I'm sorry about this disturbance SMH — David Ja Rodd Irving (@Caliboy_95) April 23, 2018
Irving, whom the Cowboys signed off Kansas City's practice squad in 2015, has missed games for Dallas but been productive in the 27 games that he has been available the last two seasons. He began the 2017 season with a four-game suspension for violating the league's performance-enhancing drugs policy before tallying seven sacks and 22 tackles in eight games. He deflected six balls as well, tipping Kirk Cousins passes to set up an interception in each of Dallas' wins over Washington. Irving missed four more games to end the season after suffering a concussion against the Redskins on Nov. 30. Irving signed the second-round tender the Cowboys placed on him last Monday, the first day of the team's offseason program. The tender is worth $2.91 million and will make Irving an unrestricted free agent next offseason. Staff writers Brandon George and David Moore contributed to this report.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Illuminated All-Glass Rigs Feature Intel's 8th Generation "Coffee Lake" CPUs
CyberPowerPC Crystal Gaming Series
End
-- CyberPower Inc., a global manufacturer of custom gaming PCs, gaming laptops, and performance workstations, today announced it has teamed to Corsair to deliver a new series of gaming PCs based on Corsair's Crystal Series tempered glass cases powered by Intel's new 8th Generation "Coffee Lake" CPUs.The CyberPowerPC Crystal Gaming Series promises to light up gaming for enthusiasts with Corsair's Series 570X RGB chassis. The Corsair case features four-sided tempered glass, three SP120 RGB fans and individually addressable RGB LED lighting strips, which connect to a Lighting Node PRO to illuminate the interior and exterior of the system. Gamers can compete in a blaze of glory or tone down their experience with the ability to control color and lighting patterns in software."For over two decades Corsair and CyberPowerPC have been dedicated to providing the highest performance gaming hardware and PCs for enthusiast gamers around the world. This partnership is the culmination of both our efforts and the result is a gaming PC series that will rival all others in price, performance and quality," said Eric Cheung, CEO of CyberPowerPC.Customers can choose from the gaming-grade performance of an Intel Core i7-8700K six-core processor, or move up to the megatasking power of Intel's X-series CPUs from the Core i7-7800X to i9-7980X. The new processors have enhanced features that make them appealing to gamers and power users alike with more cores, big caches and higher clock speeds.Cooling gets a boost from Corsair's powerful and efficient Hydro Series H60 liquid cooling to keep temperatures in check and ensure the processor delivers peak performance.The Crystal Gaming Series is VR-ready with NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 10 series graphics cards, which feature 4K, VR, and 3D performance based on NVIDIA's power and performance-minded Pascal architecture. Systems can be configured starting with the powerful NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 or the best-in-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti.Other Corsair enhancements include Corsair's Vengeance memory. Designed with pure aluminum heat spreaders for faster heat dispersion and built on an 8-layer PCB, with up to 64GB of capacity, Corsair has answered to call for high performance and superior overclocking. Each CyperPowerPC Crystal Gaming systems also includes Corsair's K55 RGB Keyboard and Harpoon RGB Mouse. The keyboard has fully programmable macro keys. The DPI is adjustable on the fly with the Harpoon RGB mouse. Corsair's award-winning Cue software lets users customize and color match the keyboard and mouse with theirThe CyberPowerPC Crystal series will be offered in three models and are available at https://www.cyberpowerpc.com/ page/Corsair- Crystal-Gaming- ... · Windows 10 Home· Intel® Core™ Processor i7-8700K· MSI GeForce® GTX 1070 8GB· 16GB Vengeance 3000MHz RAM· MSI Z370 SLI PLUS ATX Motherboard· 240GB SSD· 2TB SATA3 7200 RPM HD· Corsair Crystal Series 570X Gaming Case· MSRP$1599· Windows 10 Home· Intel Core Processor i7-7800X· MSI GeForce GTX 1080 8GB· 32GB Vengeance 3000MHz RAM· MSI Pro Series X299 RAIDER Motherboard· 512GB WD Black NVMe SSD· wcj 3TB SATA3 7200 RPM HD· Corsair Crystal Series 570X Gaming Case· MSRP $2099· Windows 10 Home· Intel Core Processor i7-8700K· MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 11GB· 32GB Vengeance 3000MHz RAM· MSI Z370 SLI PLUS ATX Motherboard· 512GB WD Black NVMe SSD· 4TB SATA3 7200 RPM HD· Corsair Crystal Series 570X Gaming Case· MSRP $2259All CyberPowerPC Crystal Series gaming PC's can be fully customized with optional Corsair products such as added RGB memory, liquid coolers, and other Corsair peripherals. Fully-assembled systems include a 3-year limited warranty and lifetime tech support.CyberPower Inc. www.cyberpowerpc.com was founded in 1998 and has emerged as a leading global provider of custom computer systems and interactive gaming products. Headquartered in City of Industry in Southern California, CyberPower manufacturers and distributes a complete line of custom built gaming desktops, gaming notebooks and high performance workstations to meet the unique needs of gamers, businesses, government agencies, educational institutions and other end-users. For more information contact: Sales (800) 707-0393; Email cyberpowerpc@cyberpowerpc.com.
NEW YORK, April 6 The Federal Reserve's bond holdings could drop to about $2.8 trillion by the end of 2021, the New York Fed said on Thursday in a projection that saw the portfolio reach a "normalized" state a bit earlier and with some $600 billion more assets than in a year-ago estimate.
The U.S. central bank currently has some $4.5 trillion in Treasury and mortgage bonds after three rounds of stimulative "quantitative easing" meant to boost investment and hiring in the wake of the financial crisis. The annual projection is based on published Fed and Wall Street forecasts of rates. (Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Simone Zaza has joined Valencia on a permanent basis from Juventus, the La Liga club announced on Monday, a day after the Italian striker scored twice in a 3-1 win at Granada to take his tally to four goals since signing on loan in January.
"Simone Zaza will become a Valencia player as of July 1, with a contract until June 2021, according to the terms of the agreement signed with Juventus," said a statement by Valencia.
Zaza moved in January to Valencia from Juventus on loan until the end of the season after a disastrous six-month loan spell at West Ham United. Spanish media have reported the terms of the loan included a clause obliging Valencia to make the move permanent at a cost of 16 million euros ($16.9 million) if Zaza made 10 league appearances.
Zaza made his 10th league start against Granada on Sunday, scoring twice in the space of two minutes to put Valencia 2-0 up after 21 minutes in an eventual 3-1 win.
The Italy striker, 25, hit his first goal for Valencia in a 2-0 win over Athletic Bilbao in February and then scored in the 2-1 win over La Liga leaders Real Madrid in his next game.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; editing by Richard Lough)
Maria Sharapova is still waiting to hear if she can play at the French Open later this month but men's world number one Andy Murray expects her to be at Wimbledon in July.
Sharapova returned last month from a doping ban to reach the semi-finals at the Stuttgart Open, but did not earn enough points to qualify for Roland Garros and is reliant on a wildcard for the qualifying tournament.
The French Tennis Federation will announce their decision on May 16.
Murray, however, said he expected the five-times grand slam champion would be on the grasscourts of south-west London.
"I think there's a good chance Wimbledon would give her one (a wild card) to get into qualifying," Murray told reporters at an event for June's Aegon Championships tournament at the Queen's Club in London.
"I think we've got to wait and see what happens because there might not even be a decision to be made because she might be in the main draw after Madrid or Rome, so there's a good chance she can get in by right."
The Russian can qualify for the main draw at Wimbledon by reaching the semi-final of either the Madrid or Rome tournaments.
The rankings deadline for Wimbledon qualification is May 29.
Murray, who sustained an injury in March, returned to action at the Barcelona Open last month and said he was feeling good as he looked ahead to Roland Garros.
"I feel much better than I did three or four weeks ago," he added.
"I feel like physically I am getting back to where I need to be and I feel like I am able to put in the work I need to, to be able to play my best tennis."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
A soldier lays on a stretcher and is carried by his comrades inside the Camp Bautista hospital after sustaining wounds in a gunfight with Islamic State-linked Abu Sayyaf militants in Talipao town, Sulu province, Philippines April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Nickee Butlangan
A soldier lays on a stretcher and is carried away by his comrades to the nearby Camp Bautista hospital after sustaining wounds in a gunfight with Islamic State-linked Abu Sayyaf militants in Talipao town, Sulu province, Philippines, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Nickee Butlangan
MANILA Philippine soldiers killed "more than 10" Islamic State-linked Abu Sayyaf militants in an attempt to free Vietnamese captives held on a remote southern island as troops fired howitzer shells on rebel positions, an army general said on Monday.
The small but violent militant group, known for extortion, beheading and kidnap-for-ransom activities, is holding more than two dozen captives on Jolo island. It beheaded a German captive two months ago when no ransom was paid for his release.
Major-General Carlito Galvez, military commander of western Mindanao, said 32 soldiers were also wounded in Sunday's assault on an Abu Sayyaf hideout in Talipao town, where the militants were believed to be holding six Vietnamese captives.
"The 105mm howitzer directly hit enemy positions," Galvez told reporters, saying four rounds were fired when advancing troops were pinned down.
"More than 10 were killed. Our troops had discovered mangled bodies in the area, but we continue to pursue them."
There was no word on the fate of the captives. Four of the wounded soldiers were airlifted to a hospital while 28, among them a battalion commander, had minor shrapnel wounds from grenade blasts.
Galvez said troops had clashed for more than an hour with about 100 Abu Sayyaf rebels led by Radullan Sahiron, a one-armed militant leader who figures on the U.S. State Department's wanted list, with a $1-million bounty.
Last month, five Malaysians were freed on Jolo and two Filipino sailors were rescued on nearby Basilan island by soldiers chasing the Abu Sayyaf militant group.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
UNITED NATIONS Russia again cast a veto at the United Nations Security Council to shield Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, blocking a Western bid on Wednesday to condemn a deadly gas attack in Syria and push the Syrian government to cooperate with investigators.
China, which has vetoed six resolutions on Syria since the civil war began six years ago, abstained from Wednesday's vote, along with Ethiopia and Kazakhstan. Ten countries voted in favour of the text, while Bolivia joined Russia in voting no.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Alistair Bell)
(Adds Somaliland background in paragraph 5)
By Tom Gardner
BERBERA, Somaliland, April 4 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - T he lands along the road into Berbera is barren and empty. Somaliland's small, rusty Gulf of Aden port which for centuries made the town prosperous rises suddenly out of the ground as the road hits the coast.
The crumbling town has languished for decades, but its fortunes look set to change following a multi-million dollar deal to revamp the port which has triggered a rush to buy land.
Berbera, along the coast from Djibouti, has been a backwater since 1991 when Somaliland broke away from Somalia following a bloody civil war.
The town's buildings, some dating back to the Ottoman era, stand neglected. Unemployment is rampant, exacerbated by a devastating drought that has decimated livestock, a backbone of the export economy.
But last September Somaliland's government, which is not recognised internationally, signed its largest-ever investment deal which could allow Berbera to become a major trading hub for goods to and from the Horn of Africa.
The development will be carried out by DP World, a multinational port operator from the United Arab Emirates, which has valued the project at more than $400 million. The deal was followed by another with the UAE, signed in March, for a military base a few kilometres down the road.
Locals and investors believe Berbera is on the brink of an economic boom that will make the town wealthy once more.
Adan Abokor, a researcher at the Rift Valley Institute in the capital Hargeisa, says the project has sparked a "land rush", as diaspora Somalilanders and wealthy businessmen from nearby regions flock to buy a piece of the town.
Though the surrounding land appears deserted, brick foundations enclose recently demarcated plots from the airport to the coast. Freshly built walls sprout into the distance.
"There has been more building in the last two years than in the whole period from 1991," said Jimale Abdulahi, a local government official.
But not all residents are happy.
LAND TENSIONS
Land has long caused trouble throughout Somaliland, and is behind the majority of violent incidents recorded in towns and cities, the Hargeisa-based Academy for Peace and Development (APD) reported in 2010.
Clan disputes have for years been drivers of conflict, aggravated by the destruction or loss of legal documentation during the civil war, leading to competing title claims.
Despite the existence of a national land law since 2001, clan ownership is still seen as the dominant, if unofficial property ownership system throughout most of the country.
In Berbera, the Ise Musa clan has dominated local politics since the late 1990s, and some fear the arrival of outsiders will threaten this.
Sayeed "Sonny" Sayeed, a young resident, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation that many in the town are suspicious of the port deal, suspecting the plans will alter Berbera's clan composition.
"People from other regions want to take over," he said. "If they move here then new people will be born in this place, so that they can vote here."
His friend, Ahmed Nazal, said returning members of the diaspora were welcome, but only if they originally hailed from the area.
"If not, they should go and invest in their own regions," he said.
Others who spoke to the Thomson Reuters Foundation disagreed, saying diaspora investment would be good for the town.
"These lands were empty, no one was investing here," said Salelan Adel, a young unemployed man.
"It will give locals the chance to finally develop the lands that we own."
SIMMERING UNEASE
The port deal has also highlighted other tensions, with the role of the local council targeted for particular criticism.
Unlike many other major towns in Somaliland, Berbera's government controls swathes of land, including a 70-km (44 miles) "free zone" around the port.
This undeveloped land had been reserved for use by the port, but has been hurriedly allocated to newcomers since the DP World deal was signed, according to locals and Hargeisa-based experts.
"It is being sold off without clear procedures and guidelines," said Mohamed Farah, director of the APD think tank. Critics say most of this land has been allocated to those with government connections.
"What we are seeing is land grabbing," said Ahmed Hussein Esse, president of Abaarso Tech University in Hargeisa. There is now almost no public land left in Somaliland, he added.
Local official Abdulahi confirmed the council had been distributing public land, including parts of the "free zone", but said it had done so transparently.
Last summer it allocated plots to more than 700 Somalilanders returning from abroad, in a special area to be turned into a European-style village, he said.
However some worry that poorer residents will be driven out as the town gentrifies.
The average price of a 12 by 12 metre plot has more than doubled since last year, reaching $100,000 in places along the coast.
"The makeup of Berbera will definitely change," said Mohamed Aden Hassan, head of news channel StarTV. "It is already showing signs of becoming an increasingly exclusive club."
Jama Musse Jama, head of the Red Sea Cultural Foundation in Hargeisa, said if poorer residents felt excluded from development "then for the first time the risk is of class rather than clan conflict".
NEW LAND RULES
The government has now embarked on the creation of a National Land Policy which aims to bring clarity to the country's overlapping systems of tenure, while clearing out corruption in local land administration.
But for many Berbera residents, the most pressing concern is jobs.
"DP World has brought order to the port, but it hasn't brought salaries," said Yusuf Heebed, a guard at the port since 1977.
Last month workers demonstrated against wage cuts brought in by the new operator and 280 have been laid off.
Young men like Adel and his friends are still hopeful that investment will bring employment, though they worry that foreigners might be given preference.
"If the new deals do not bring the promised prosperity to Berbera, there will be real anger," said local journalist Mahmoud Hassan. (Reporting by Tom Gardner, Editing by Paola Totaro and Emma Batha. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)
A woman told she was infertile after being born with two sets of reproductive organs is now expecting a miracle baby.
The post Woman With Two Vaginas, Pregnant appeared first on PM NEWS Nigeria.
Top 6 | by Chris Scott
When Ursula Kroeber Le Guin died on Jan. 22 at age 88 we lost a groundbreaking titan of science fiction. Le Guin placed women front and center in the genre for the first time. Her other favourite themes included ethnography, gender, religion, sexuality and the environment. She submitted her first story to a magazine at age 11(!) and spent years being rejected. Eighty-eight is not old enough. Here's a bibliography.
1 The World of Unbinding (1964)
This short story kickstarted the Earthsea series: six books and eight short stories about a fantastic archipelago with magic, dragons, mauraders and diverse cultures and societies. Publication spanned 1968 to 2001 with a couple of racist adaptations (characters of colour played by white actors) along the way. Earthsea's exploration of Jungian ideas make it a better, richer work than a certain other series about a precocious boy wizard.
2 The Left Hand of Darkness (1969)
This won BOTH the 1970 Hugo and the Nebula Awards. Genly Ai of Terra is sent to the planet Gethen to get them to join a loose confederation of planets. Gethens are ambisexual and Ai's interactions become complicated. Considered among the first feminist works of science fiction, this is also the genre's most famous exploration of gender and androgyny.
3 The Lathe of Heaven (1971)
A character's dreams alter reality. Serialized in Amazing Stories and nominated for both the Hugo and the Nebula awards (again!). PBS adapted it in 1980 as part of New York City's WNET's experimental television lab. Ursula considered this the best adaptation of one of her works.
4 The Word for World is Forest (1974)
Like The Left Hand of Darkness, The Word for World is Forest belongs to Le Guin's Hainish Cycle — an alternate history in which earth people/planets of nearby stars set up a loose federation. A military logging colony on the forest planet Athshe enslaves the peaceful locals, who eventually rise up. Hmm. Sort of like the plot of a certain 2009 James Cameron movie.
5 The Dispossessed (1974)
Also part of the Hainish Cycle. Two planets with antithetical ideological systems orbit one another at a time of a revolutionary advance in communication. Le Guin based the main character on family friend Robert Oppenheimer!
6 The Telling (2000)
Another one in the Hainish cycle. Le Guin explores her favorite themes: political and religious conflicts between corporations and indigenous people (she was the daughter of an anthropologist, BTW). It's inspired by China's Great Leap Forward and Cultural Revolution, with Taoist aspects and analogues to the suppression of religious practices.
Have your say
An 80-year-old woman was knocked unconscious on her own driveway during a violent robbery in Northampton.
The victim had been shopping in Bellinge when the attack happened at about 1.45pm on Friday, August 4.
A police spokeswoman said the victim remembered coming round from being unconsciousness on her front drive in Station Road, Billing.
"She had suffered a dislocated shoulder during this incident, which police are treating as robbery," the spokeswoman added.
Anyone with information should call Northamptonshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers, in confidence, on 0800 555111.
May 3 Automatic Data Processing Inc-
* ADP reports third quarter fiscal 2017 results
* Q3 earnings per share $1.31 from continuing operations
* Q3 revenue $3.4 billion versus i/b/e/s view $3.42 billion
* Q3 earnings per share view $1.23 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Automatic Data Processing Inc - expects full year diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to grow 17% to 18%
* Automatic Data Processing Inc - expects full year adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 13% to 14%
* Automatic Data Processing Inc - ADP continues to expect full year 2017 revenue growth of about 6%
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $3.66, revenue view $12.37 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Automatic Data Processing - were disappointed with this quarter's 7% decline in new business bookings Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Hatters boss Nathan Jones will look to bolster his side's attacking options ahead of the League One season that starts in a month's time.
So far during the summer, Jones has added Andrew Shinnie on a permanent basis, while strengthening his defence with the arrivals of Sonny Bradley and Matty Pearson.
It will be an attacking option that we're looking to bring in, as I think we have good variation everywhere. Nathan Jones
He will now look to increase Luton's threats going forward, saying: “We definitely want to add one more and then it's just whether we can improve on what we have.
“It will be an attacking option that we're looking to bring in, as I think we have good variation everywhere.
“What we don't need is, ‘we're desperate for two more signings,' no we're not.
“We need to bring in one more, we know that, we earmarked that.
“We know the one that we want to recruit, and we'll go down the list if not, so if we get those then brilliant.
“Later on, you never know what's going to happen in pre-season, so if we need to take another one then we will, but they'll have to be as good if not better than what we have in the building and sometimes that's not easy as do.”
On his side's business already, Jones has been more than happy, as he added: “We're very pleased, what we earmarked was that every window, we're tweaking things less and less and I'm so glad that we didn't have to sign eight or nine this year.
“We've earmarked four, maybe five, depending on certain things and we've got three of those four, stroke five already.
“Without being disrespectful to anyone, we think we've improved the squad.
“There's one, maybe two that are still to do, but we're quite relaxed on that because of the strength we had already.
“We had a significantly good squad in place anyway and when signing them last year, without being presumptuous in anyway, we were earmarking those as League One player anyway, so it's worked out that way.
“We've strengthened in terms of bringing in more men. We're well covered in certain areas, we have four of the best full backs, definitely at the level we've just come from, but four really young sought after full backs.
“So it's the attacking ones we're looking at, but the ones we want to bring in have to be, we think significantly better than the ones we've let go and as good as if not better, than the ones we have here.”
April 13 Capital & Regional Plc:
* Ken Ford, executive director, has made decision to step down from board on 9 May 2017 at time of annual general meeting. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Rugby-Rebels coach McGahan to depart at end of season
MELBOURNE, June 15 Melbourne Rebels coach Tony McGahan will finish his tenure at the end of the season, the struggling Super Rugby team said on Thursday, a decision which both parties said was "in the best interests" of the club.
Tensions are rising between NATO allies Turkey and Greece over territorial claims in the Aegean at a time when Turkish efforts to prevent gas exploration in the eastern Mediterranean are causing alarm, prompting Europe to chide Ankara for violating â€œgood neighbourly relations.â€‌
Greece says Turkish fighter jets were responsible for nearly 2,000 airspace violations, mostly over the Aegean, last year. Some Greek islands are just a few kilometres from the Turkish mainland and border demarcations are not always clear.
The area is the scene of frequent dogfights between Turkish and Greek jets. In February, a Turkish Coast Guard ship rammed a Greek Coast Guard vessel in disputed Aegean waters. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan angered Athens in December when he suggested that a 1923 treaty that gave most Aegean islands to Greece should be looked at again.
The arrest of two Greek soldiers who strayed onto Turkish territory on the land border between the two countries in March is another irritant because Ankara refused to return the soldiers to Greece. Turkish officials have sharply criticised authorities in Athens for refusing to extradite Turkish soldiers accused by Ankara of involvement in a coup attempt against Erdoğan in 2016.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras used a visit to the island of Kastellorizo â€” close to the southern Turkish coast â€” on April 17 to warn Turkey that his country would not negotiate over its territory.
â€œMany times we find ourselves, it is true, in troubled times, faced with the unjustifiable behaviour, a provocative stance and an aggressive stance by our neighbours,â€‌ Tsipras said. â€œThese days we are experiencing one such period of instability, which is not in line with the principles of good neighbourliness or with the rules of international law.â€‌
Greek news reports said Turkish fighter jets harassed the helicopter carrying Tsipras and Greeceâ€™s military chief Evangelos Apostolakis after the visit to Kastellorizo.
Turkey also sent navy vessels to disturb gas exploration around the divided island of Cyprus, arguing the search for natural resources under the sea violated the rights of Turkish Cypriots. Hulusi Akar, Turkeyâ€™s chief of general staff, said Turkey would â€œnot allow a fait accompli in the Aegean and the eastern Mediterranean.â€‌ Turkey complained of provocation by Greece after a Greek flag was hoisted on an uninhabited island in a disputed part of the Aegean.
Turkish-Greek antipathy has deep roots. In Greece, the revolution to shake off Ottoman rule in the 19th century is seen a central part of the countryâ€™s history. On the other side of the Aegean, a Greek attempt to occupy parts of western Anatolia as the Ottoman Empire crumbled after the first world war is deeply ingrained into Turkeyâ€™s collective memory.
Todayâ€™s tensions tap into that history. Gonul Tol, director of Turkish Studies at the Middle East Centre in Washington, said domestic considerations are behind the rhetoric from Ankara.
â€œErdogan is playing the nationalist card, which is now the main driver behind Turkeyâ€™s foreign policy,â€‌ Tol said in an interview. Turkey is having local, parliamentary and presidential elections in the next few months. Polls indicate Erdoğan cannot be certain of winning a majority in parliament or of re-election as head of state.
Critics say electoral calculations were also one of the reasons for the recent Turkish incursion into the northern Syrian region of Afrin. Tol argued that Erdoğan has turned to a hawkish foreign policy because of rising economic woes and a lack of enthusiasm among young voters for Erdoganâ€™s ruling Justice and Development Party. â€œHe is conducting a more nationalist foreign policy because that is the one thing that unites everyone,â€‌ Tol said.
That political game is not without risk. An unwanted incident in the Aegean could easily escalate into a military confrontation. In 1996, the two NATO allies almost went to war against each other over a small island in the Aegean. French President Emmanuel Macron has said France would defend Greece if it was threatened by Turkey. Tol said both Greece and Turkey were determined to â€œcontain the crisisâ€‌ despite their rhetoric.
The increasing animosity between Ankara and EU members Greece and Cyprus places a further burden on Turkish-European relations. In a report marked by sharp criticism of Turkeyâ€™s growing authoritarianism, the European Commission blasted Ankara for tensions in the Aegean and in the eastern Mediterranean that â€œwere not conducive to good neighbourly relations and undermined regional stability and security.â€‌
The report was part of a regular evaluation of Turkey as an applicant for EU membership. Negotiations began in 2005 but progress has been slow. EU officials say a deterioration of the rule of law in Turkey means that further talks about bringing Turkeyâ€™s laws into line with those of the European Union make no sense for the time being. Relations have been tense since Erdoganâ€™s crackdown on dissent following the coup attempt of 2016.
â€œBilateral relations with several EU member states deteriorated, including at times offensive and unacceptable rhetoric,â€‌ the EU report said. â€œTurkey needs to commit itself unequivocally to good neighbourly relations.â€‌
Ankara dismissed the criticism, saying Brussels was â€œfar from understanding the realities of Turkey.â€‌ The Turkish Foreign Ministry warned the European Union against giving â€œcarte blancheâ€‌ to its members, such as Greece, saying such a stance â€œcontradicts the European Unionâ€™s own values.â€‌
Thomas Seibert is an Arab Weekly contributor in Istanbul.
This article was originally published in The Arab Weekly.
* TSX closes down 78.87 points, or 0.50 percent, at 15,578.76
* Five of the TSX's 10 main groups end lower (Updates to close, adds analyst commentary)
By Leah Schnurr
TORONTO, March 30 Canada's main stock index pulled back from a one-month high on Thursday as deal-related news pressured shares of Cenovus Energy Inc and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.
Cenovus shares had their biggest one-day percentage fall ever, down 13.75 percent at C$15.05, after the Canadian company agreed to buy oil sands and natural gas assets from ConocoPhillips for C$17.7 billion.
The deal weighed on the overall energy group, which was down 2.6 percent even as oil prices rose. U.S. crude settled up 1.7 percent at $50.35 a barrel.
The drop in Cenovus' stock showed investors are viewing the deal as "highly dilutive to the shareholders and a company with pretty much a pristine balance sheet is now leveraged to the hilt and very, very, very dependent on higher oil prices to make sure the deal actually works as planned," said Norman Levine, managing director at Portfolio Management Corp.
"So the market is giving, in the short term, a very big thumbs down on it," Levine said.
Shares of CIBC fell 2.9 percent to C$113.78 after it raised its offer for PrivateBancorp Inc ahead of a June deadline. CIBC said it offered about $4.9 billion in cash and stock, up from the earlier $3.8 billion offer.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index closed down 78.87 points, or 0.50 percent, at 15,578.76 the day after the index posted its highest close in more than a month at 15,657.63. Five of the index's 10 main groups ended lower on Thursday.
Elsewhere in the financial sector, Toronto-Dominion Bank's chief executive officer told shareholders at the bank's annual meeting that it does not have a "widespread problem" with its sales practices, responding to a report staffers were pressured to meet targets.
Its shares rose 0.1 percent to C$66.22, while the overall financials group ended less than 0.3 percent lower.
The modest loss for financials came as data showed that the U.S. economy grew at a faster pace in the fourth quarter than previously estimated. Some of Canada's major banks have operations in the United States.
Dollarama Inc's quarterly profit beat analysts' estimates as the average amount customers spent at its stores increased, sending the Canadian discount retailer's shares to a record high during the session. Its stock finished up 11.2 percent at C$110.88. (Reporting by Fergal Smith, additional reporting by Leah Schnurr in Ottawa; editing by Diane Craft)
April 20 Janus Capital Group Inc
* Janus Capital Group Inc. Announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.17
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.20 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.23
* Janus Capital Group Inc says average assets under management during Q1 2017 were $201.4 billion compared with $191.9 billion during Q4 2016
* Janus Capital Group Inc - at March 31, 2017, JCG's assets under management totaled $201.9 billion compared with $194.5 billion at December 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A review by the Commerce Commission has found lenders are charging up to 803 per cent a year in interest rates.
The commission carried out research on the websites of 215 companies who lend money to the public last year to see whether they met certain requirements under the Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Act (CCCF).
The CCCF Act did not cap interest rates, prescribe how lenders should name fees or impose a limit on the number of fees a lender may apply.
"We observed significant variation in interest rates and fees," said Commissioner Anna Rawlings.
Advertisement
"The review found interest rates ranging from no interest at all, all the way through to 803 per cent per annum. We also found more than 500 names used for fees ranging from $5 to $5,000."
One in four non-bank lenders may be in breach of consumer borrowing laws, according to the review.
Under that law lenders must prominently display information on their websites like interest rates, fees and contract details.
But the review found 46, or 21 per cent, of the 215 lenders checked failed to comply with one or more of their obligations.
Rawlings said failure to disclose the information breached the law and deprived consumers of information they needed to make informed choices.
The Commission had since contacted all of the lenders to remind them of their responsibilities.
"While most lenders have shown a willingness to make changes, we will be checking back later in the year and will consider further action if they have failed to comply," she said.
The Commission can take legal action against companies which fail to comply.
Companies found to be in breach by the courts can be fined up to $600,000 while individuals can be fined up to $200,000.
Rawlings said the review provided good insight into the information being provided to consumers and some of the difficulties the public may face in trying to access and understand the true costs of borrowing.
Not the least remarkable thing about St Kevin of Glendalough, if we can believe the stories, is that he lived to be 120. He died 1,400 years ago, on June 3rd, 618, and was so well known by then that at least that date might be considered reliable. But most of his life is undocumented, so we may have to take it on faith that he had been born in 498, as tradition also has it.
Perhaps his longevity owed something to the ascetic lifestyle he practised for years.
A hermit, he slept in a metre-high cave (“St Kevin's Bed”) on the side of a steep hill.
He wore only animal skins. And he threw them off in winter to immerse himself for hours in the freezing lake below or, for a similar effect in summer, to plunge himself into forests of nettle.
It's possible that, in common with other hermits, he didn't like people much. If so, it was his misfortune as a famous holy man to attract followers. He escaped them as long as he could.
Then he relented, and a monastic community grew up around him, gradually populating Glendalough Valley.
St Kevin's Bed is still there too, in the cliffside, and although it's not yet listed on Airbnb (give it time), he is almost certainly not the last person to have slept in it.
It was, as Thomas Cahill writes in How the Irish Saved Civilisation, “a kind of university city, to which came thousands of hopeful students first from all over Ireland, then from England, and at last from everywhere in Europe”.
A millennium and a half before Donogh O'Malley had the same idea, Kevin and his monks provided free education. In keeping with an ancient Irish virtue, they also offered unlimited hospitality. The Venerable Bede, the “father of English history”, described the attractions of such places for his compatriots: “Many of the nobles of the English nation and lesser men also set out thither, forsaking their native island either for the grace of sacred learning or a more austere life. [Some] dedicated themselves faithfully to monastic life, others rejoiced rather to give themselves to learning, going about from one master's cell to another. All these the Irish willingly received, and saw to it to supply them with food day by day without cost, and books for their studies, and teaching, free of charge.”
From this, as Cahill notes, we learn that Ireland's monastic universities accepted commoners as well as nobles (although Kevin himself was reputedly of noble birth), and also those who wished merely to learn, not to become monks themselves.
Nor was the learning confined to scriptures, as elsewhere. Importing anything Greek or Latin they could get their hands on for the libraries, writes Cahill, “they shocked conventional churchmen, who had been trained to value Christian literature principally and give a wide berth to the dubious morality of the pagan classics”.
St Kevin's hospitality famously extended to animals.
Praying in his tiny cell once, according to legend, he had to extend his arm out a window.
His hand was so still that a blackbird nested in it, so the saint was forced to keep it there until the eggs hatched eventually and the chicks flew away.
In his poem St Kevin and the Blackbird, Seamus Heaney wonders whether the holy man was in agony throughout this ordeal, or rather lost in a zen-like trance, having “forgotten self, forgotten bird/And on the riverbank forgotten the river's name”.
A less romantic legend about Kevin suggests he once drowned a woman who tried to seduce him.
This too has been commemorated in poetry, of a kind. As sung by the Dubliners, The Glendalough Saint includes the following verse: “Well he gave the poor creature a shake/And I wish that a garda had caught him/For he threw her right into the lake/And bejasus she sank to the bottom.”
If his life-story is short of hard facts, his memory doesn't lack for hard monuments.
The monastic ruins at Glendalough are among Ireland's most important and best preserved, especially the 30-metre round tower and the 12th-century St Kevin's Church.
St Kevin's Bed is still there too, in the cliffside, and although it's not yet listed on Airbnb (give it time), he is almost certainly not the last person to have slept in it.
According to one tradition, the Archbishop of Dublin St Laurence O'Toole used to spend time there during Lent.
And it has been associated with retreats of another kind too.
In the years after the 1798 rebellion, as he continued a guerrilla war from the mountains, Wicklow rebel Michael Dwyer is said to have hid out in the cave, and to have escaped capture once by diving into the lake.
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Arizona Cardinals have 19 players set to hit free agency next month. One is receiver John Brown, coming off of two disappointing seasons with his production and health.
After 65 catches and 1,003 yards in 2015, he combined for 60 receptions and 816 yards in 2016-2017. He missed games. He struggled with sickle cell trait and a cyst on his spine.
Now entering free agency, he doesn't appear to think he will be a Cardinal in 2018. He shared his insight on Twitter.
Ain't know loyalty in business and if the cardinals want me I'll stay but I'm sure they tired of dealing with my issues so I'm sure I'll get a try elsewhere https://t.co/oSVvV0dYky — Smokey Brown (@Jwalk_back12) February 1, 2018
He indicated he would return if the team wants him back, but that might be doubtful with a new coaching staff. He was drafted under Bruce Arians. Steve Wilks very well might want a different type of receiver, and one who has health issues to deal with.
Whoever brings Brown in brings in an incredibly talented player. If he is healthy, he has the potential to be a top receiver in the league. However, that is a big question mark. Looking at Brown's Twitter mentions, plenty of fans hope he is back in Cardinal red, but if he thinks it is doubtful, then no one should expect his return.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
OKEMOS, Mich. (WSYM) - The father of three young women abused by Larry Nassar is apologizing for lashing out at Nassar in an Eaton County courtroom.
Randall Margraves said he lost control after hearing his daughters' victim impact statements.
During a press conference Friday night Randall Margraves apologized for his emotional outburst.
Earlier that morning Margraves charged at Larry Nassar.
The father of the victims said he reacted with force after hearing about the abuse his daughters suffered.
“When I had to hear what was said in those statements and I have to look over at Larry Nassar shaking his head, that's when I lost control”, said Margraves.
The angered father said the details from his daughters' statements were hard to bear, prompting his impulse.
“I feel very remorseful, very apologetic, I was embarrassed”, Margraves continued.
Margraves also stated that he was blind-sided by Nassar and regrets trusting him with his children.
“I delivered unintentionally my three daughters to a demon who had his own twisted and sick agenda for his own demented desires”, Margraves explained.
Circuit attorney drops computer tampering case against Greitens
ST. LOUIS - St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday her office will drop the computer tampering case against Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner did not take any questions after briefing, but spokeswoman Susan Ryan confirmed off-camera that Greitens' resignation was part of the agreement for the charges to be dropped.
Ryan said Greitens' legal team reached out to Gardner's office over the weekend.
The investigation of the felony invasion of privacy case against Gov. Greitens is still open, but is not being pursued by the St. Louis circuit attorney's office. Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker is overseeing the case, and hasn't determined whether she will re-file the charge after it was dropped on May 14.
New Delhi [India], Dec 11 (ANI-NewsVoir): World's leading online golf community and marketplace GolfLan Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd. today announced the launch of their two 'Made in India' flagship devices, Elite Pro+ and Tee-Walkers. Elite Pro+ is currently the most advanced golf cart fleet management system in the global market. Elite Pro+ & Tee-Walker are state of the art devices to navigate the course, enhance their game and the golf course experience.
The solution gives complete control of fleet of vehicles, reduce operating costs, enhance your revenues and cart efficiencies.
Speaking on the occasion, Dhruv Verma, Founder and CEO, GolfLan said, "GolfLan last year acquired StayPrime Global, a leading Dubai-based Golf Technology Company, in all cash deal, which was one of the first instances of an Indian start-up taking over a big international company to make golf more accessible and experiential. Since then we have significantly changed and completely revamped the smart software to ensure scalability at a large scale and at the same time to make it future ready for the global golfers."
Elite Pro+ GPS can be deployed on any course, any cart, anywhere in the world. The system gives golf course owners, managers and golf directors full control over their fleet of golf carts, and, at the same time, give the golfer easy-to-use information and features that enhance their golf experience.
Tee-Walker has all the advanced Elite Pro+ three features for the golfers walking the course. With only five inches in size and weighting only 230g, Tee-Walker can be carried by walking golfers to enhance their golfing experience, while the golf course is able to automate the management of their on-course players.
Both devices are available on GolfLan.com at USD 995 and USD 45 per month on leasing model for Elite Pro+ 10'' version. Elite Pro+ 8'' version is available at USD 795 and USD 35 per month on leasing model. On other hand Tee-Walker is available at USD 350 and USD 19 per month on leasing model. (ANI-NewsVoir)
(Reuters) - Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho believes centre back Eric Bailly and striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic could return from injury to play in the Champions League this month.
Bailly had ankle surgery in December after sustaining an injury while on international duty with the Ivory Coast.
Ibrahimovic, the club's top scorer last season with 28 goals, made a comeback in November from a long-term knee injury, but suffered a setback and has not featured since a 45-minute cameo against Burnley in the Premier League last December.
Mourinho expects the pair to return for the last-16 Champions League tie against Sevilla, with the first-leg in Spain on Feb. 21.
“They are working on the pitch but not yet with us as a group so they are not very close to a return,” he told a news conference on Friday.
“I want to believe that by Champions League time, around the end of the month, they will be back.”
Britain Soccer Football - Southampton v Manchester United - EFL Cup Final - Wembley Stadium - 26/2/17 Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic celebrates at the end of the match with Jose Mourinho Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
Marouane Fellaini continues to struggle with a knee injury and the Portuguese manager confirmed the midfielder will remain on the sidelines for Saturday's league clash against Huddersfield Town.
The 30-year-old Belgian limped out only seven minutes after coming on as a second-half substitute in United's 2-0 league defeat at Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday.
Britain Soccer Football - Southampton v Manchester United - EFL Cup Final - Wembley Stadium - 26/2/17 Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic celebrates scoring their first goal with Eric Bailly (L) Reuters / Darren Staples Livepic
“It's not an ACL (anterior cruciate ligament), it's not a complete rupture of any structure of the knee, so we are not going as far as that. But we are probably going to lose him for a few weeks, but I cannot say how long at the moment,” Mourinho said.
Heading into the weekend, Mourinho has conceded the title to runaway leaders Manchester City for the first time, adding United must now strive to be “first of the last” this season.
United are in second place, 15 points behind City with 13 matches left.
“The game is important because we need points to be the first of the last. We have to try to finish second,” he said.
“We are better than last season in every aspect -- points, position, number of goals scored, conceded -- so we have to try to stay there.”
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Silicone Rubber Impression Material Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Silicone Rubber Impression Material market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Kerr Corporation, Bisico Bielefelder Dentalsilicone, Dreve Dentamid GmbH, 3M ESPE Dental Products, MYDENT INTERNATIONAL CORP, Muller-Omicron GmbH &Co.KG, Muller-Omicron GmbH &Co.KG. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Silicone Rubber Impression Material Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silicone-rubber-impression-material-market/10342/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Silicone Rubber Impression Material market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Silicone Rubber Impression Material market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Silicone Rubber Impression Material Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Silicone Rubber Impression Material. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Silicone Rubber Impression Material in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Polycondensation, Polyether, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Medical, Electronics, Automotive, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Silicone Rubber Impression Material Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silicone-rubber-impression-material-market/10342/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Silicone Rubber Impression Material new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Silicone Rubber Impression Material market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Silicone Rubber Impression Material industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
MILAN, March 28 Rothschild is working with Telecom Italia to find a partner to help fund part of the Italian phone group's broadband business in Italy, three sources said on Tuesday.
Last Thursday Telecom Italia said it would set up a new company to roll out its ultrafast broadband network in non-economically viable areas of Italy. It said it intended to choose a financial partner as majority shareholder in the coming months.
Rothschild has no official mandate, one of the sources said.
Financial daily Il Sole 24 Ore said on Tuesday adviser Rothschild had identified around 20 players interested in investing in the unit.
"Teasers were sent out last week," another person familiar with the matter said, adding the aim was to find a partner in coming weeks. (Reporting by Stephen Jewkes and Agnieszka Flak)
April 28 Imperial Oil Ltd
* Imperial announces first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Q1 earnings per share c$0.39
* Qtrly production averaged 378,000 gross oil-equivalent barrels per day, compared to 421,000 barrels per day in same period of 2016
* Qtrly production impacted by fire at syncrude mildred lake upgrader in mid-march, expected to be restored in phases beginning in May
* Qtrly total revenues and other income c$7,156 million versus c$5,222 million
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.40, revenue view c$8.14 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DAKAR, April 13 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Celebrating successful African women in fields ranging from politics and business to agriculture and the arts could inspire girls across the continent to strive towards closing the gender gap, winners of the New African Woman Awards said on Thursday.
Twelve women from Mali, Morocco and Zimbabwe among other countries, were honoured at the ceremony hosted by the New African Woman (NAW) magazine late on Wednesday in the Senegalese capital Dakar.
The Woman of the Year Award went to Fatoumata Tambajang, Gambia's new vice president and the architect of an opposition coalition that helped President Adama Barrow defeat longtime ruler Yahya Jammeh in the December presidential election.
"This important platform brings together inspirational women to find solutions to gender equality issues that hinder Africa's development," said Leila Ben Hassen, general manager at IC Publications, which publishes the pan-African NAW magazine.
"Although we are still a long way from closing the gender gap globally, Africa is making some gradual progress," she told the Thomson Reuters Foundation on the sidelines of the second edition of the awards.
The awards were followed by panel discussions on subjects including female leadership in politics and business, supporting women in science and technology and investing in women's health.
Several panellists said that women across Africa face many obstacles to achieving their full potential, ranging from access to capital, a lack of training, and widespread discrimination.
Winner of the health, science and innovation award, Helena Ndume, a Namibian ophthalmologist who has performed sight-restoring surgeries upon tens of thousands of people for free, said she hoped to inspire young girls to follow her lead.
"It is so humbling to be here among amazing African women from so many different fields," she said. "I hope our successes will encourage many girls and young women to aspire to work in vital sectors like science, health, engineering and technology." (Reporting By Kieran Guilbert, Editing by Katie Nguyen. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
SAN DIEGO (AP) — The U.S. Navy on Saturday commissioned its newest warship, the USS Omaha, a futuristic, $440 million vessel named for the Nebraska hometown of billionaire Warren Buffett, who was on hand for the ceremony.
The Omaha, a 218-foot-long littoral combat ship, was commissioned at its new home port in San Diego.
Buffett's daughter, Susie Buffett, who was designated as the ship's sponsor, gave the traditional order for officers and crew: "Man our ship and bring her to life."
"Aye, aye, ma'am," they replied and ran to the ship as a band struck up "Anchors Aweigh."
Advertisement
The aluminum-clad Omaha is designed for missions close to shore. It has high-tech computer capabilities and can be reconfigured for various missions, including anti-submarine warfare and anti-mine operations.
"She is a beautiful ship," said Cmdr. Michael Toth, the commanding officer. "To be at her helm is more akin to flying an aircraft with a pilot and a co-pilot than to conning a traditional warship."
Other dignitaries at the ceremony included Nebraska Gov. Pete Ricketts, Omaha Mayor Jean Stothert and former Nebraska Gov. and U.S. Sen. Bob Kerrey, a Navy veteran and Medal of Honor winner.
"I am proud to share our name, our heritage and our community values with USS Omaha and its commander, and we wish you safety on your missions," Stothert said.
Ricketts, whose state is landlocked, issued what he said was a unique honor in designating the entire crew collectively as "an admiral in the great Navy of the state of Nebraska."
The ship is the fourth to carry the Omaha name since 1869. The last vessel was an attack submarine that was decommissioned in 1995.
"She represents the strength and the fortitude of her city and her state," U.S. Navy Secretary Richard V. Spencer said at the ceremony. "This ship is ready to deliver the fight tonight."
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Isis says it carried out Istanbul nightclub attack
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A street sign for Wall Street is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in Manhattan, New York City, U.S. December 28, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
People watch a television screen in an overflow area during the 'Common Sense from Uncommon Investors' session during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Attendees look at their cellphones in front of a wall garden during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Attendees watch conference speakers on television screens outside during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
NEW YORK At an annual gathering of the world's most powerful thinkers and trendsetters in Beverly Hills this week, business leaders and major investors said they have gotten used to dismissing most things that President Donald Trump says or tweets.
On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump's mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy. Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals.
But in interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done.
"I don't take Trump seriously," said a senior executive at one of the country's six largest banks. "I'm listening less and less."
Like most who wanted to share their more candid views privately, the executive spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering the president, his employer or business associates. But his comments were echoed by at least a dozen institutional investors and bank executives who spoke to Reuters.
While they remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said.
Several cited comments on Monday from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who joked on a panel that bank investors should thank him for boosting share prices. Hours later, Bloomberg News published an interview with Trump, in which said he was considering breaking up the country's biggest banks – an idea that is an anathema to shareholders of lenders like JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) or Citigroup Inc (C.N).
However, few people at the event in the Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take the comment seriously.
"Until it's signed into law, you can't bank on it," said Aaron Cutler, a regulatory lawyer at Hogan Lovells who lobbies Congress on behalf of banks and hedge funds and was milling about on a sunny terrace. He said his clients are not yet acting on anything the administration says.
A report last week by PwC's financial services regulatory practice echoed that view. Despite Trump's talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will "yield few results," that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections.
A spokeswoman for Trump did not return a request for comment for this article by publication time.
Even as Wall Street honchos privately disregard the administration's mixed messages, they were rubbing shoulders with top White House officials around the event and afterwards at swanky parties. Among the guests at one evening soirée was a cheetah from the San Diego Zoo.
In addition to Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos were all featured speakers at the Milken conference. Each has a background in business or finance, something other conference-goers found encouraging.
Ultimately, some said, they have to consider whether Trump is making a statement to win political points or because he truly wants to accomplish a goal. If the former, his remarks can be more easily dismissed, they said. The head of a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund firm said the situation has become "a Rorschach test" where people celebrate or shrug off Trump's comments depending on what they want to see.
Sir Michael Hintze, founder of $12.5 billion investment firm CQS, said people are being too hard on the president. Trump may have a different style because he is not a politician by nature, but has his heart in the right place, Hintze said.
"I'm pretty constructive about the whole thing," he said. "Everyone was there to hate him, (but) Trump's a decent man."
(Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne, Svea Herbst and Olivia Oran; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Bernard Orr)
* Main European markets dip
* Apple drags Wall St lower after iPhone sales dip
* Fed statement eyed for signal of June rate hike (Updates with U.S. market open, changes byline, dateline; previous LONDON)
By Chuck Mikolajczak
NEW YORK, May 3 World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales brought about some concern about consumer strength, while the dollar edged higher before a U.S. central bank statement that may hint towards a rate hike next month.
Apple Inc lost 0.9 percent as the biggest drag on the S&P 500 after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week.
Even with the decline, Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported.
"Think about the mixed message you had in the first quarter – GDP light, monthly auto sales light, iPhone sales light, so you've got extraneous negative data," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York.
"The first quarter is a blockbuster quarter for earnings on balance, which doesn't necessarily line up with some of the incremental pieces of economic data that we've seen. That is the hard part to rationalize."
A report by payrolls processor ADP said private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers.
Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 34.45 points, or 0.16 percent, to 20,915.44, the S&P 500 lost 7.26 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,383.91 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 30.67 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,064.70.
Europe's STOXX 600 index lost 0.11 percent to retreat from a 20-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.26 percent.
The U.S. economic data helped push the dollar higher ahead of the Federal Reserve statement.
While the central bank is expected to leave rates unchanged later today, investors will look for signs it may hike in June. Traders are currently pricing in a 70.7-percent chance of a hike of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool.
The dollar index rose 0.11 percent, with the euro down 0.13 percent to $1.0913.
Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 1/32 in price to yield 2.2946 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday.
The U.S. Treasury said on Wednesday it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds.
Oil prices rebounded from near 2017 lows after preliminary data showed a much larger-than-expected fall in U.S. crude stocks, reviving bullish sentiment about easing oversupply.
U.S. crude fell 0.13 percent to $47.60 per barrel and Brent was last at $50.48, up 0.04 percent on the day.
(Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp is firmly targeting the play-offs with Birmingham City, saying that only a top six finish would represent a successful season.
Blues finished 19th in the Championship last term after a rescue mission led by Redknapp guided them to safety with two wins in their final two games after Gianfranco Zola's disastrous tenure.
But Redknapp is keen to move on from that troubling period and is aiming get Blues challenging at the other end of the table.
He has already landed goalkeeper David Stockdale, who was included in the Championship team of the year, from Brighton and plans to push on with more transfer business amid links with former Chelsea and England defender John Terry.
"The owners are very ambitious and we're going to have a go," he told TalkSPORT.
"We're going to bring some good players in.
"It would have to be the top six for it to be a success for me and the club.
"I'm really looking next year to be up there challenging somewhere around the top group.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Blues will, though, have plenty of competition for the top places.
A number of clubs are targeting a promotion push.
"They [Middlesbrough] will be favourites, Sheffield Wednesday will be strong, they will be close, and Leeds.
"Every team you look at, it's so wide open.
"Fulham were good last year, Reading will be there again and Derby should be strong because they're bringing players in and strengthening. Their chairman is desperate for promotion.
"It's going to be a tough division but we're going to be competitive, that's for sure.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
We are one of the leading business brokers in Southern California.
empire- business- solutions
Media Contact
EMPIRE BUSINESS SOLUTIONS
empireoc1@gmail.com EMPIRE BUSINESS SOLUTIONS
End
-- Empire Business Solutions, a leading independent business brokers in Los Angeles and Orange County is pleased to announce the company has signed a Engagement letter with a local company to bring it to market.Empire has always told its clients and prospective sellers the first step in selling a business is to find out what it might be worth in today's market. Empire is pleased to offer our clients an opportunity to find an estimate of the value of their business by going to our website (www.empireoc.com), pressing the "Free Valuation" button and following the steps to a valuation. By following a few simple steps our clients will be able to determine an approximate valuation for their business, the first step in selling a business.Empire, under contract with a leading valuation service, will offer a patented "Advisor Office" business valuation service. The arrangement will allow Empire to offer business owners and their Empire advisors this powerful database-driven business valuation report service Free of Charge.This business valuation service features a dedicated cloud based platform that harnesses sophisticated algorithms and millions of big data comparables and data elements. This knowledge provides business owners and entrepreneurs in Orange County and throughout Southern California with insight into the most important question facing their business.1. Better Understand Your Business and Potential2. Know the Value of your Largest Asset3. Ensure the business and your families are properly protected4. Create a Succession Play5. Pay the right amount when you Buy a business6. Get what it is worth at Sale7. Create Buy/Sell Agreements8. Explore Funding Opportunities9. Establish a Trust or Estate Plan10. Prepare for Taxable EventsThis service provides a unique way to see a business through the eyes of the owner by understanding the value of the firm and the key levers that drive increased valuation. Empire believes it's a service its clients can leverage for growth, and it's a true value-add for the.Empire's Free Valuation product is quickly becoming the leading way to value privately held businesses and Empire Business Solutions is pleased to be able to offer this service.Contact Roy Moss, President of Empire Business Solutions at 714-374-6430 to discuss the process in selling or buying a business in Orange County. Empire has been in business since 2005 and is considered a leadingwith offices in Orange County and Los Angeles with primary emphasis on businesses in the $1.0 mil-$10.0 mil revenue range.For more information visit site http://empireoc.com/ today.
The Shell logo sign is seen at one of its gas station next to the current fuel prices display in Westminster, Colorado January 17, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
HOUSTON Shell Oil Co, the U.S. arm of Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSa.L), on Thursday reaffirmed the target date to split up the Motiva Enterprises [MOTIV.UL] refining joint venture with co-owner Saudi Aramco [IPO-ARMO.SE] would be May 1.
Shell and Saudi Aramco in March 2016 announced the plan to divide up the nearly 20-year-old venture, which runs three refineries and other assets. The date of the split has been pushed back twice since the announcement.
As part of the deal, Saudi Aramco will make a $2.2 billion balancing payment to Shell. Of that total, Aramco will only have to pay about $700 million in cash to Shell, with the remainder satisfied by Aramco assuming most of Shell's half of the $3.2 billion debt held by Motiva.
Shell will only assume $100 million of the debt.
Saudi Aramco will become the sole owner of the 603,000 barrels per day (bpd) Port Arthur, Texas, refinery, the largest in the United States.
Saudi Aramco will also take over 24 distribution terminals and have an exclusive licence to use the Shell brand for gasoline and diesel sales in Texas and the majority of the Mississippi River Valley as well as the U.S. Southeast and Mid-Atlantic markets.
Shell will become sole owner of two Louisiana refineries with a combined capacity of 472,700 bpd, 11 distribution terminals and Shell-branded gasoline stations in Florida, Louisiana and the U.S. Northeast.
(Reporting by Erwin Seba, editing by G Crosse)
Bothell, United States – 28 November 2017 – Budget Blinds Serving Bothell is the right company to hire in case there's the need of high quality shades and blinds, shutters and shades, drapes and lots of other things to cover your home windows, if you live in Bothell, Washington. These experienced professionals provide a great diversity of options, while choosing together with their clients the most appropriate option in order to attain the desired results.
It's obvious that when it comes to our homes we try to provide them with everything, which is intended to make our abodes more comfortable, beautiful and secure. There're many different options to do this, while there're lots of aspects that should be taken into account to create a healthy environment in our homes. In such a way, being serious about reliable heating system, powerful home appliances, wonderful interiors, cozy furniture and a plethora of other things, designed to make our homes as smart as comfy, all the modern homeowners strive to improve their home, keeping up with the times. And certainly one of these important things, which are essential for any modern home are window blinds and shades, which provide us with the needed protection from the sunlight as well as people's eyes.
Just like any customized service, installation of roller blinds, roller shades or window drapes requires professional skills and knowledge. Besides aesthetic and functional part of any sort of shades and blinds for windows, there's always a technical part, which implies a competent approach on the part of technician, who knows what he can offer to his customers to deliver a durable construction as well as budget window blinds.
The professional team of Budget Blinds Serving Bothell perfectly comprehends what they can offer to every of their clients, while considering the specifics of their windows along with their homes. The most important reasons you can opt for Budget Blinds Serving Bothell are that they make their job fast and qualitative, while making for you the low cost blinds, and so, allowing you to save your money.
About Budget Blinds Serving Bothell:
Budget Blinds, operating in Bothell and surrounding area, is a reputable company, which offers high quality custom window covering services, while providing their clients with the great variety in styles of blinds, shades, shutters, draperies, and thus, allowing them choosing the most appropriate option, corresponding to their needs and expectations. Budget Blinds delivers just the best value for money, proposing the diverse solution of cheap blinds for windows for customers with restrained budget.
Contact:
Company Name: Budget Blinds Serving Bothell
Address: 22833 Bothell Everett Hwy, Ste 102, Bothell, WA 98021
Phone: (425) 409-2154
Review URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/budget-blinds-serving-bothell-bothell?osq=Budget+Blinds
Website: http://www.budgetblinds.com/Bothell
CCTV footage has revealed a reckless cyclist from West Sussex who got trapped on railway tracks after trying to jump the level crossing lights.
On Monday morning a joint Network Rail and British Transport Police mobile CCTV van, which was in the area watching for motorists jumping the lights, spotted a female cyclist ducking under the lowering barrier at the Roundstone level crossing in East Preston and getting stuck on the railway.
CCTV footage of a reckless cyclist who got caught on the tracks at Roundstone level crossing in East Preston. Picture: Network Rail
Network Rail level crossing manager Clive Robey said: “The woman was in no danger from trains, as the signaller was able to raise the barriers so she could get out, but it did mean that the train and the motorists had to wait longer. Had she tried the same thing at an automatic crossing, such as at Yapton, she would have been in great danger of being hit by a train.
“As it was, she narrowly missed getting hit by the barrier as it came down – something that has caused injury to cyclists in the past.
“Level crossing lights and barriers are there to keep everyone safe and I would appeal to users, at Roundstone and elsewhere, to pay attention to them. People do have to wait a few minutes, but today's incident shows why there is a gap between the barriers coming down and the train crossing over.”
Mr Robey visited the crossing later in the week and explained the dangers to the cyclist, who is a regular user of the road.
Roundstone crossing is located at the junction of the B2140 Worthing Road and North Lane, just off the A259 in East Preston.
It has four full barriers, controlled remotely by a signaller. Some level crossings on more minor roads, with two barriers instead of four, are automatic and are not monitored.
Recent incidents at the busy crossing include a driver swerving round stationary cars as the barriers came down, which happened on September 15 this year, and a pedestrian jumping over the barriers on August 28.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sprint Corp:
* SPRINT REPORTS The HIGHEST RETAIL NET ADDITIONS IN NEARLY THREE YEARS AND RAISES ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW* GUIDANCE WITH FISCAL 2017 THIRD QUARTER RESULTS
* ‍ RAISING FISCAL YEAR 2017 ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW GUIDANCE FROM AROUND BREAK-EVEN TO A RANGE OF $500 MILLION TO $700 MILLION​
* SPRINT - IS RAISING 2017 EXPECTATION FOR OPERATING INCOME TO $2.5 BILLION TO $2.7 BILLION.
* QTRLY BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE ‍$1.79​
* EXPECTS 2017 ADJUSTED EBITDA TO BE AROUND MID-POINT OF ITS PRIOR EXPECTATION OF $10.8 BILLION TO $11.2 BILLION
* SPRINT - EXPECTS 2017 CASH CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, EXCLUDING DEVICES LEASED THROUGH INDIRECT CHANNELS, TO BE AT LOW END OF $3.5 BILLION TO $4 BILLION
* QTRLY ‍TOTAL NET OPERATING REVENUES $8,239 MILLION VERSUS $8,549 MILLION​
* QTRLY NET INCOME INCLUDES APPROXIMATELY $7.1 BILLION OF FAVORABLE IMPACT FROM TAX REFORM
* QTRLY DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE ‍$1.76​
* QTRLY TOTAL WIRELESS POSTPAID CHURN OF 1.80 PERCENT VERSUS 1.67 PERCENT
* Q3 REVENUE VIEW $8.15 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* QTRLY TOTAL WIRELESS PREPAID CHURN OF 4.63 PERCENT VERSUS 5.74 PERCENT
* QTRLY WIRELESS POSTPAID NET ADDITIONS OF 256,000 VERSUS 405,000 NET ADDITIONS LAST YEAR
* TOTAL WIRELESS END OF PERIOD CONNECTIONS AT Q3-END ‍54.6​ MILLION VERSUS 54 MILLION AT Q2-END
* QTRLY WIRELESS PREPAID NET ADDITIONS OF 63,000 VERSUS 460,000 NET LOSSES LAST YEAR
* QTRLY WIRELESS POSTPAID ARPU $‍45.13​ VERSUS $49.70
* QTRLY WIRELESS PREPAID ARPU $‍37.46​ VERSUS $33.97
* SPRINT - REPORTED ABOUT $260 MILLION OF COMBINED Y-O-Y REDUCTIONS IN COST OF SERVICES & SGA EXPENSES, BRINGING YEAR-TO-DATE TOTAL REDUCTION TO MORE THAN $1 BILLION
* QTRLY WIRELESS POSTPAID PHONE ARPU $‍​51.26 VERSUS $57.12
* SPRINT SAYS REPORTED ABOUT $100 MILLION OF HURRICANE-RELATED AND OTHER NON-RECURRING CHARGES IN QUARTER
* QTRLY TOTAL WIRELESS POSTPAID PHONE CHURN OF 1.71 PERCENT VERSUS 1.57 PERCENT
* QTRLY WIRELESS POSTPAID PHONE NET ADDITIONS OF 184,000 VERSUS 368,000 NET ADDITIONS LAST YEAR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 30 Shares of Florida utility NextEra Energy Inc could return 20 percent over the next year, including a 2.9 percent dividend, Barron's wrote over the weekend.
The business and investing publication said NextEra had a balanced portfolio of stable and growing businesses, a strong balance sheet and better potential than many peers to increase revenue, earnings and dividends.
Texas regulators recently nixed NextEra's proposed $18 billion purchase of Energy Future Holdings Corp. However, Barron's said NextEra would be well-positioned even if it cannot get the ruling reversed.
NextEra shares closed at $133.56 on Friday. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - AYIMA GROUP AB (PUBL):
* AYIMA SIGNS NEW CLIENT CONTRACT IN CANADA‍
* AYIMA‘S CANADIAN OFFICE HAS TODAY SIGNED A NEW CLIENT CONTRACT FOR PROVISION OF SEO SERVICES
* AYIMA GROUP AB (PUBL) - TOTAL VALUE OF CONTRACT IS AT LEAST 1.2 MSEK IN FIRST YEAR​
* ‍NEW ENGAGEMENT WILL COMMENCE DURING FEBRUARY 2017 AND BEGIN TO BE REFLECTED IN Q1 RESULTS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Earl Gibson III/Getty Images for BET
NeNe Leaks attends BET's Pre-Grammy Brunch at The Four Seasons Hotel on February 12, 2017 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Earl Gibson III/Getty Images for BET)
By Kelcie Willis, Cox Media Group National Content Desk
NeNe Leakes is returning to “The Real Housewives of Atlanta.”
The reality TV personality confirmed the news on Twitter Wednesday.
>> Read more trending news
“It's been a long process but we've finally reached an agreement! All hail the Queen for season 10,” she wrote, along with a photo of herself posting with a champagne glass topped with a peach.
It's been a long process but we've finally reached an agreement! All hail the Queen for season 10 of #RHOA @bravotv #thethreatisback pic.twitter.com/fbMfqSBjIx — NeNe Leakes (@NeNeLeakes) June 14, 2017
TMZ reported that Leakes' deal only includes her being a part-time cast member and that she has not started shooting scenes for the next season. The reason for her not joining full-time is being attributed to her other business ventures, including a clothing line.
The finalized cast for the Bravo TV show's 10th season has not been confirmed. It is being speculated that Phaedra Parks, who reportedly made claims that fellow housewife Kandi Burruss and Buruss' husband, Todd Tucker, attempted to drug and sexually assault castmate Porsha Williams, has been fired from the show. She reportedly repeated the rumor after hearing it from one of the show's producers, Carlos King, who has reportedly been let go from the show.
Shooting for season 10 of “RHOA” began this month.
He had invested in bitcoin almost two years earlier, so now Jacob Melin had a new house, a new truck, a new consulting business and a line of people coming into his office, trying to become wealthy as quickly as he had. One person said he expected to use a modest investment to "retire in 12 to 18 months."
Another said he wanted to use the proceeds to start a business. And a father of two talked about paying off his own student loans and buying several acres of land - all the things he did not see a chance to do with his income as a software salesman.
"Us little guys working our butts off, we can't get ahead," Cedric Knight, 35, told Melin. "This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to change my life."
Knight and others visiting Melin were pinning their hopes on a new form of currency whose potential value the world was only beginning to recognize, reports The Washington Post.
Advertisement
Millions of people around the world are chasing after fortune by investing in bitcoin - which has soared by more than 2,500 percent in value in the past two years - and other digital instruments known as cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoin and its rival currencies were not originally intended as a way to make money, only as a new and technologically savvy way to buy and sell goods and services outside the normal system of cash and credit cards.
But bitcoin has been transformed into something else, a way to strike it rich for some, and for others, a hedge against a deeper anxiety about financial security and the economic future. For many, investing in bitcoin is a bit of both.
Created nearly 10 years ago by a pseudonymous computer programmer, bitcoin is unlike other kinds of money: It takes no physical form and is not issued by a government. Instead, bitcoin can be purchased on online exchanges, using checking accounts and credit cards.
A publicly visible ledger called a blockchain records transactions. As a result, no one person runs the bitcoin network. It is collective and outside government control.
In Louisville, for those who believe in bitcoin, Melin, 22, is one of the most important guides. "A visionary," Knight called him. "Not afraid to step into the unknown."
Three years earlier, Melin had been attending Indiana University Southeast, commuting from his mother's house. He could not shake the feeling that he was paying for something that was not worthwhile. He was learning more from economics podcasts than he was from his classes.
So he dropped out and pulled the remaining $22,000 (NZD $30,124) from an education fund his mother had set up for him. He invested in cryptocurrency. For a while, he was a college dropout working at a casino buffet, driving a $500 (NZD $684) car and sleeping on a living room floor. But in 2017, he made $770,000 (NZD $105,4361), money he used to buy a three-bedroom house, a pickup truck and a cat.
Melin was not necessarily looking to strike it rich. He was looking, he said, for an alternative to the global economic system. He had started to become suspicious of that system during the 2008 financial crisis, when his mother lost her job as a computer programmer.
Even as the United States pulled out of the depths, Melin saw signs that the world had not learned its lessons. He read about countries such as China over-borrowing and overspending, "building cities the size of Louisville that are empty."
He read about the growing U.S. deficit and felt that politicians could not solve the problem. He was especially bothered by the growing burden of baby boomers on Social Security programs.
Cedric Knight, with wife, Brittany Knight, and their children, Jeremiah and Kamori, invested in cryptocurrencies for the first time right after Christmas. Photo / The Washington Post, Luke Sharrett
"I almost blame the older generation," he said. "I see these unsustainable programs. I'm going to be these people's slaves for the rest of my life."
For him, bitcoin, a currency backed by no government, was a way to shield himself from those risks. He started by buying five bitcoin, at $400 (NZD $547) each, and then roughly two dozen more, as the price reached toward $1,000 (NZD $1,369). The people who worked with him at the Horseshoe Casino were more interested in buying lottery tickets, he said, than in listening to his investment advice.
"Everybody thought I was crazy," Melin said.
Then, that started to change. The price of a bitcoin in 2017 shot up to $2,000 (NZD $2,738), and then $5,000 (NZD $6,846), and then $10,000 (NZD $13,693), and then, briefly, nearly $20,000 (NZD $27,386). Cable networks started giving cryptocurrency nearly the same attention they give the stock market. In Louisville, Internet-organized meetups that once attracted a half-dozen people filled up with 40 or 50.
In August, Melin joined a cryptocurrency consulting business, started by another early investor, Enrique Rodriquez, with the aim of guiding newcomers - holding workshops for them, teaching them the technology, helping them to avoid frauds and pitfalls. Since then, they have met the new generation of cryptocurrency buyers: retirees, the unemployed, factory workers, teachers.
"People have this perception of bitcoin as fast money," Melin said. "Because it was."
As bitcoin and its many competitors are hitting the mainstream, a once-lucrative market is turning instead into perhaps world's most volatile - what some economists call a speculative bubble in line with the dot-com craze of the late 1990s.
Investors are bidding up prices of bitcoin and its many smaller competitors and selling in a panic. Values of cryptocurrencies soar and plunge in a matter of hours, sometimes by more than 30 percent.
Far away from Silicon Valley, the people riding the roller coaster swing between excitement and dread, all while gathering at local meetups, downloading apps to track their investments, and sharing tips on message boards and chat groups - one is called "Cointucky."
"Not looking good. It's falling scary fast," one investor wrote as another day began in the Louisville cryptocurrency chat group Melin and Rodriquez set up.
"Welp time to file bankruptcy," somebody said.
"Now we are bouncing!" another wrote, hours later.
Then, at the end of the day: "Here we go boys. Hang on tight."
Knight, the software salesman, figured that cryptocurrency was worth a gamble because he saw no better way to rapidly improve his life.
He enjoyed his job - his company ranked him as one of the top sales representatives in the region - but he was with his fourth employer in a decade, and the pay, about $90,000 (NZD $123,237) per year, left him feeling stuck in place. He had a wife and two children. He was only slowly saving for retirement. Unlike his father, he did not have a pension.
"Bitcoin is my potential pension," Knight said.
Tim Totten speaks with Patrick Ulrich during a bitcoin meetup in Louisville last month. Photo / The Washington Post, Luke Sharrett
He also had a $600-per-month (NZD $821) student loan payment, an obligation he figured he would still be paying off in 20 years. He had come to believe that Americans were too reliant on debt.
"They tell you to go to college, get your education, then you'll have a six-figure job," Knight said. "I know so many people working at Starbucks with all this education. I was one of these people that was told, 'Go into debt, and then pay us for the rest of your life.' It's a major concern. It's a weight on me."
After a friend mentioned cryptocurrency on Facebook, and after talking with members of his gym and meeting with Rodriquez at a coffee shop in December, Knight decided to dive in. Right after Christmas, he bought $300 (NZD $410) in cryptocurrency. Then $250 (NZD $342). Then $100 (NZD $136).
He tried to gather spare money whenever he could and cut down on meals at restaurants, instead packing couscous for his lunches. He reminded himself of how his life might look in five years. "I could be writing a check to pay my house off," he said. "That's the excitement I have."
"It's new territory," Knight added. "So many unknowns."
Trying to predict the future of bitcoin has only grown more complicated in recent months, because digital currencies are being launched almost daily. They have names such as litecoin, steem and EOS, and for Knight, it was these that were the most attractive.
As he began investing, he noticed one particular currency surging: mintcoin, which cost about a tenth of a penny. On Jan. 7, he bought 25,000 mintcoin as the value was starting to soar.
Then he tried to ride the wave. The day was just starting, and Knight kept refreshing his phone, charting his progress. The currency's value climbed a bit more. A few hours passed. He had made $268 (NZD $366). He told his wife. He watched YouTube videos about other currencies. And then, just before he went to bed, he noticed the value of mintcoin start to tumble. It was down 15 percent. It was down 30 percent. "The anxiety," Knight said, shaking his head.
Finally in the morning, when his profit was wiped out, he sold his 25,000 mintcoin, recouping only the money he had put in. He told himself he had made a mistake.
By mid-January, he had invested a total of $1,500 (NZD $2,053) in cryptocurrencies and seen the value dwindle by about $100. He texted Melin a cartoon - a dejected man holding his head in his hands. The caption read: "When you bought a crypto coin an hour ago and it still isn't up 1000%."
Investor and adviser Jacob Melin says that meetups that once attracted a half-dozen people filled up with 40 or 50 as the price of bitcoin in 2017 soared. Photo / The Washington Post, Luke Sharrett
The day after receiving that text, Melin woke up and looked at his phone. The cryptocurrency market was sliding again - but this time more sharply. Melin had lost more than $100,000 (NZD $136,930) overnight. "A bloodbath," he said.
When he arrived at his two-room office suite in the Louisville suburbs, the first meeting of the day was with Knight.
Knight had arrived to pitch the office on some software for small businesses, but after he was finished, he turned to Melin and said he thought he had been taking the wrong approach with his investing. Melin agreed; newcomers often tried to find a shortcut to a payday.
"Yeah. I don't do day trading," Melin said.
Knight nodded.
"I got my butt burned," he said.
But then Melin tried to put it in perspective. Everything happening now - the ups and downs - were still minor compared with what might still come, he felt. The global economy was humming along; what if it fell into crisis? Cryptocurrency would boom as never before. This was still an early way to get in.
"What crypto allows is for the masses to be venture capitalists," Melin said.
"And guys like me, I'm not in the loop," Knight said. "This is my chance."
"My thinking, everybody should be in this to some extent," Melin said. "You have it as an insurance against the traditional market."
They parted ways and continued to watch the market. Melin met with two other new investors, one who said he was so excited by digital currency that he was barely sleeping. At 3:30 p.m., Melin checked his crypto account. He held $473,000 (NZD $647,678) in currency. Twenty-five minutes later, he checked again: It was down to $445,000 (NZD $609,338). At 4:47 p.m., he checked again. It was down to $428,000 (NZD $586,060). Then $412,000 (NZD $564,151). He walked into his company's other office, filled with a few part-time analysts he had hired. They were looking at charts, all pointing down. "I'm sick of staring at screens and feeling sad," one of the analysts said.
Melin said these swings were part of the deal.
"It's a great time to buy," he said. "Right now. A great time."
Knight, meantime, went home, cooked dinner and then decided to reopen one of the eight cryptocurrency apps he had downloaded. His account had fallen nearly $500 on the day - his initial $1,500 was below $900 (NZD $1,232) - and he said he was "freaking out." But then, he thought about what it meant to be a cryptocurrency investor.
There would be days such as this. But there might be better days, too - much better days. If there were, he did not want to miss out.
"I'm almost afraid not to take the chance," he said, and soon, he added $260 (NZD $356) to his cryptocurrency account.
A $15 million property in St Heliers is on the market as a long-running legal dispute over its sale draws to a close.
The 8945sq m block on Waimarie Street, made up of nine sections, most of which have stood largely vacant for years, has been listed for sale under instructions by KPMG liquidators.
The properties, which combined have a rating valuation of $15.64m, have been at the centre of several legal battles over the last four years.
The disputes began after former owners Sarah Sparks and Greg Olliver separated in 2012. They divorced in 2014.
Advertisement
Olliver bought the Waimarie properties in 2007 with plans of developing luxury apartments. Apart from some initial ground excavations, this vision was never fulfilled.
In 2009 the property developer's large debt saw him narrowly dodge insolvency. During this time he sold the property to the current owners CIT Holdings - of which he is the sole director.
In March 2016 the company was put into liquidation after Inland Revenue Department made a successful claim in the High Court at Auckland over unpaid taxes.
The first KPMG liquidators' report in 2016 showed CIT Holdings owed the IRD $383,630.
A receivers' report undertaken by Insolvency Management and dated June 6, 2017, showed the company also owed the Bank of New Zealand $13,523,622.07 - more than double the initial mortgage taken out in 2009 of $6.75m.
Sarah Sparks is relieved the court battles appear to be over. Sarah Sparks is relieved the court battles appear to be over.
BNZ had earlier sought to sell the property as a mortgagee sale to get what it was owed, but Sparks fought this in the courts as she wanted the properties sold at market value.
The latest court judgement granted the liquidators the rights to its sale and the properties have been put on the market for sale through an international tender process.
Tenders for the property close at 4pm on November 8 with it being jointly marketed by Bayleys Auckland commercial and residential salespeople, Mike Adams, Cameron Melhuish and David Rainbow.
Sparks, who is renting a house in Titirangi, was relieved the court battles appeared to finally be over and was ready to move on.
"I have been in the courts since 2012, it hasn't been easy," she said. "It's been challenging, but I haven't been facing a health crisis, so we have got to put it in perspective."
Once the property was sold her understanding was the debts would be paid off and the distribution of any remaining assets would be determined by the liquidators.
Despite the fallout over the properties Sparks said there were still good memories from their time there as a family.
She recalled Easter Egg hunts and many "special whanau moments" on the St Heliers' properties, which she described as just "magic".
The views from the Waimaire St properties. Photo / Supplied The views from the Waimaire St properties. Photo / Supplied
Bayleys' Mike Adams said while the properties could be bought separately it was most likely residential property developers would submit tenders for the unified block.
"Very rarely does a landholding of this size in such a commanding and prominent position come onto the market for sale."
Adams said it was difficult to put a price on what the properties combined could reach, due to its sheer size and scale, combined with its residential development potentials.
The land is in a zoned residential and mixed housing suburban area which allows for the building of one or two-storey standalone homes in various densities, dependent on the section sizes.
Olliver did not reply to messages from the Weekend Herald.
A view of the exterior of the Citibank corporate headquarters in New York, New York, U.S. May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files - RTSS8TD
KHOBAR/DUBAI Citigroup has formally applied for a license to conduct capital markets business in Saudi Arabia, two sources familiar with the matter said, in a move to return to the country after an absence of nearly 13 years.
The application has been made with Saudi Arabia's Capital Market Authority (CMA), whose primary role is to regulate and develop the capital market in the oil-rich kingdom, the sources said.
Investment opportunities in the kingdom are opening up as the government diversifies its economy away from oil under its National Transformation Plan. The government is also preparing to list up to 5 percent of oil giant Saudi Aramco [IPO-ARMO.SE] in an initial public share offering that could raise as much as $100 billion.
Citi declined to comment on its Saudi plans. No one at the CMA was immediately available to comment.
Citi is "positive" that it will gain a license this year, a third source said.
If successful, Citi could also pursue with the Saudi central bank permission for a full bank branch license, potentially joining other banks such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank.
After operating in the oil-rich kingdom for five decades, Citigroup pulled out of Saudi Arabia in 2004 when it sold its 20-percent stake in Samba Financial Group, saying then it was reallocating capital to core investments.
In 2015 it won permission from the Saudi Arabian regulator to invest directly in the local stock market, the first step towards returning to the country.
Citi had approached bankers about potential jobs in anticipation of the bank gaining a license and building a team in the kingdom, one of the sources said.
Citi is not the only global bank looking to expand in Saudi Arabia. Credit Suisse is also seeking a banking license, as it wants to build a fully-fledged onshore private banking business there, the bank told Reuters in an email in late February.
Goldman Sachs is also exploring the possibility of gaining a license from the CMA to conduct share sales and trading in Saudi Arabia, a source briefed on the plan said.
The Wall Street bank has held preliminary talks with regulators, the source said. Bloomberg earlier reported Goldman's plans. Goldman declined to comment on that report.
“Saudi Arabia has ambitious plans to establish industries and privatize companies led by the Aramco initial public offering, which attracts a lot of attention of banks," said Reinhold Leichtfuss, senior partner and managing director at The Boston Consulting Group's Middle East office. "Saudi Arabia is also the biggest market in the Gulf in terms of population and corporates so it makes sense for banks to be there.”
There are 13 licensed foreign bank branches in the kingdom, including Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, JPMorgan Chase and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, according to the central bank's website.
Citi chief executive Michael Corbat met with Saudi Arabia's Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman earlier this month on a visit to the kingdom, in addition to Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Al Saud, a shareholder in the bank.
(Reporting by Reem Shamseddine in Khobar, Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold in Dubai; Additional reporting by Marwa Rashad in Riyadh; Editing by Mark Potter)
NEW YORK The Federal Reserve's current use of two relatively new tools to lift interest rates - its reverse repurchase facility and its rate on excess bank reserves - has proven to work well, suggesting the Fed may not revert to a more traditional policy model, a top U.S. central banker said on Wednesday.
The current so-called floor system "works effectively," San Francisco Fed President John Williams told reporters when asked whether he favours eventually reverting to the traditional "corridor" model in which banks would hold far less excess reserves.
Now that the financial crisis is well in the rear view mirror, Fed staffers and policymakers are quietly working on a longer-term plan for how the central bank will control its key policy rate.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 13 Aphria Inc -
* Aphria records fifth consecutive quarter of profitability
* Revenue for three months ended February 28, 2017 was $5.1 million, representing a 2% decrease over prior quarter's revenue of $5.2 million
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.04 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A schoolboy was rushed to hospital with a serious eye injury after he was attacked by a dog.
It happened on Sunday afternoon outside the Green Bear in Nuneaton.
The eight-year-old, who has not been identified, was taken to the George Eliot Hospital .
But, due to the severity of puncture wounds to one of his eyes, he had to be transferred to the University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire for treatment.
Police say that it has been reported that the dog, which has been described as possibly being an American Bulldog, attacked the boy at 6pm on Sunday (April 22) at The Green Bear pub in Church Road.
Now they want to trace the owners, a man and a woman, who left the scene after the attack, CoventryLive reported .
PC Clayton Kelley said: "We're keen to hear from anyone who can help us to identify the owners of the dog.
"We believe the owners, a man and a woman, went into the pub at around 4pm and were in there for around an hour and a half before the incident happened.
"They left immediately after the incident without speaking to anyone.
"We're hoping that someone else in the pub will have recognised them and be able to help us identify them."
Anyone with information that could help trace the dog and its owners, should call police on 101, quoting incident reference number 311 of April 22.
Details can also be passed on to officers via the Crimestoppers hotline, which is free to call from a landline and confidential, on 0800 555 111.
New Delhi [India], Feb 3 (ANI): The National Housing Bank CEO and MD, Sriram Kalyanaraman believes that Union Budget 2018 was meant for the housing sector, and the Prime Minister Narendra-Modi led government has been in consistent support of the real estate sector.
"I would label it as a budget meant for housing sector. One is that this sector (real estate and housing) is expected to touch probably about 180-200 billion in next four-five years. This government has been consistently supporting the housing sector with the goal of housing for all. There are many concessions which were announced last year in the budget. Now this year they have set up an affordable housing fund, which would ensure that once the fund is operable that we give loans to affordable houses through refinancing," Kalyanaraman said while talking to ANI.
"Now what it will also do is, this will at a concessional rate, it will have an on-board lending cap, so that the customers also get it at a little affordable prices, especially the customers within the low income limit. If you see National Housing Bank, so far has already done 21 lakh houses under what we used to call as the rural housing fund and the urban housing fund which we had re-financed to the various players in the industry and again with a on-board lending cap. So that would continue further with this affordable housing fund," he added.
He also lauded the government's skill development initiative and said that with the initiative the quality of affordable houses will go up.
"If you have more masons, carpenters, getting more skilled, you get the quality of affordable houses increased because people then would like to use the local labor. More than that, the entire economy of the entire area will improve because housing is always related to about 250 allied industries. The wages will go through the same local area, the whole economy will improve. Third is infrastructure. With so much focus on infrastructure, as infrastructure expands, the affordable housing will also expand to the periphery of the city. Which is a great thing," Kalyanaraman said.
"With so much focus on rural and farmers, if the rural income goes up, then that is going to create its own demand on rural housing. So, I would say all around it is a long term completely beneficial budget to the affordable housing," he added.
The government has for some time now been reportedly planning to bring stamp duty on property before registration under the ambit of the Goods and Services Tax regime. Kalyanaraman feels that it needs to be rationalised for affordable housing.
"Today it (stamp duty) varies between eight percent to 13-14 percent in some of the states, which we think is fairly on the higher side. Especially for a customer who buys a house at Rs. 10 lakhs or Rs. 15 lakhs. If the stamp duty is at 10 percent, that is another Rs. one lakh which goes in. So our representation to many state governments is that let's rationalise it for affordable housing. Let's take it Rs. 10 lakhs or Rs. 15 lakhs and please rationalise it there, because it would help customers buying; purchasing power would increase a little more," he said.
"It would also give a boost to the house buying segment which means your other revenues around it automatically go up," he concluded. (ANI)
LONDON A European Union watchdog will cut an interest rate used to price liabilities at euro zone insurers such as Munich Re (MUVGn.DE), AXA (AXAF.PA) and Allianz (ALVG.DE), a step that could mean some firms having to hold more capital.
The European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) said on Wednesday it would reduce the theoretical interest rate known as the ultimate forward rate (UFR), used to discount an insurer's liabilities over time.
Insurers have work out their liabilities from policies going forward up to 60 years, but there are no reliable euro market interest rates extending beyond 20 years, hence the need for regulators to compile an extrapolated rate covering the 40-year gap.
EIOPA is proposing to cut the UFR, currently set at 4.2 percent, to 3.65 percent over time from January next year. It would only be applied to liabilities denominated in euros.
The regulator said the annual change in the UFR would not be more than 15 basis points, meaning the UFR will fall in January to 4.05 percent from 4.2 percent.
Regulators believe a reduction would better reflect current historically low interest rates, and the impact will be to increase liabilities because the rate at which they are discounted is lower.
"This methodology strikes the right balance between a stable UFR and the need to adjust it in case of changes in long-term expectations about interest rates and inflation," EIOPA Chairman Gabriel Bernardino said.
"The methodology ensures that the UFR moves gradually and in a predictable manner, allowing insurers to adjust to changes in the interest rate environment and ensuring policyholder protection."
Higher liabilities could lower an insurer's solvency ratio, a closely-watched benchmark of overall health, forcing it to raise more capital to reassure investors.
Insurers say regulators should review the sector's solvency rules more broadly, rather than focus on changing just one number.
Insurance Europe, a trade body, said: "The European insurance industry maintains there is no need to make rushed changes to the UFR, because Solvency II already takes a very conservative approach and has several safeguards."
The trade body also added that the proposed changes should only be implemented as part of the already planned review for completion by 2020.
(Editing by David Holmes and David Evans)
TORONTO — Ontario's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year, despite claims it has balanced the budget.
In a new report Monday, the Financial Accountability Office said the Liberals will run a $4 billion deficit in 2017-2018, and will continue to be in the red over the next few years.
More moderate growth in revenues and the increasing fiscal impact of the province's Fair Hydro Plan, which cuts electricity rates by 25 per cent, will take their toll on Ontario's books the report notes. It also says a long-simmering accounting dispute between the Liberal government and Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to count two public sector pension plans on the ledger is contributing to uncertainty.
“We've been very consistent that because of a number of factors we think the deficit will re-emerge,” said FAO chief economist David West. “Now, with this accounting debate it will become more significant.”
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring, a year ahead of the provincial election, and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.The FAO, however, projects the government's budget deficit will grow to $9.8 billion in 2021-2022.
“The government is out borrowing this money,” West said. “This current year they're going to borrow $23 billion in the markets. That's going to rise to $45 billion in the coming years.”
The FAO also said the government's new hydro plan will add $3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022.
Last year Lysyk questioned the province's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet.
The FAO said in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor's recommended accounting for both the pension assets, and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan, it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government's fiscal projections.
ABP News' investigation:
A video is getting viral on social media showing a toddler's head stuck in a big cooking bowl.The kid, in the video clip, can be seen crying non-stop and people around him, mostly, policemen are trying to help the baby and pull this utensil out of kid's head.How the kid landed into trouble, no one knows.Those present tried to cut the cooking bowl with tools. However, they took all precautions and tried not to hurt the child in the process.However, the video ends here, without showing that whether policemen were able to successfully bring the child out of this dangerous situation or not!In our investigation, we learned that the video is from Kerala. After cutting the bowl, cops managed to save the child for this unusual situation.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bank Of Ningbo Co Ltd:
* SAYS PRELIM 2017 NET PROFIT UP 19.5 PERCENT Y/Y AT 9.3 BILLION YUAN ($1.48 billion) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nAV1b0 Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2685 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
WASHINGTON By U.S. President Donald Trump's math, renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement and other deals will largely pay for the massive tax cuts his cabinet laid out earlier in the week.
He is likely off by a factor of close to 10 - or more - according to trade and tax economists who say it does not make sense to think of the world in the two-dimensional, money-in-my-pocket or money-in-yours way that Trump did in a Thursday interview with Reuters.
The president, for example, said that given the current $61 billion annual trade deficit with Mexico, the United States would be better off if the two countries did not trade at all, saying "You'll save yourself a hell of a lot of money."
The former real estate developer's economic assessment appeared to overlook the ways in which a total halt to trade between the two neighbors would ripple through both nations - changing prices, currency values, jobs and wages, arguably helping some industries but damaging others.
The net impact of Trump's calculations, which run counter to most widely accepted views of the benefits of trade, are hard to predict, said Claude Barfield, a trade expert at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
"These views about the trade deficit and its alleged negative impact...are nonsense, and are views he has held since the 1980s," said Barfield.
"It could happen," he said of a hypothetical severing of ties between the United States and Mexico, "but the things you would do to make it happen would be hugely disruptive. You'd have to think what are the first- and second-order effects," as industries reorganize and consumers adapt.
In the case of Mexico, the American companies that exported a quarter of a trillion dollars of goods and services to that country last year would be out a customer, and likely cut jobs.
Those American companies that tried to replace the $323 billion in Mexican imports would likely do so at a higher cost -- assuming they are in the United States to begin with.
NO MORE GUACAMOLE AND A SHRINKING SUPPLY CHAIN
There is no guarantee that if Trump were to seal the border with Mexico that it would "save" the United States any money, said Marcus Noland, a trade economist at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
It may simply reduce consumption through higher prices charged by domestic suppliers, or lead to increased imports from a different country.
"Americans seem to really like guacamole," Noland said, "but the idea that we are going to have giant greenhouses and lots of avocados and limes - the fact that we are purchasing them from the Mexicans rather than producing them at home tells you producing them at home is more expensive. We can stop trading with the Mexicans, and have $60 billion less in consumption."
Since consumption accounts for a large part of the U.S. economy, that is not an outcome Trump would want, though it would be one way, economists note, to achieve the trade balance the president and his advisers regard as important.
Trump told Reuters: "There is no such thing as a trade war when you have a deficit."
Most economists disagree with the notion that the trade deficit matters much to a country as large and self-sufficient as the United States.
Trade at that scale in particular is shaped by global savings and investment patterns that in recent years have favored the United States.
By the statistics most widely accepted among economists, the U.S. position with the rest of the world has been steadily improving as investment flows into the country from abroad and supports millions of jobs.
The current account deficit – which includes trade flows, investment, and other financial transfers across borders – has been shrinking for more than a decade and is now less than 2 percent of gross domestic product.
As far as the impact of trade on the federal deficit - a separate concept reflecting how much the government spends and how much it collects from businesses and households - Trump said that he was not worried that his plan to cut taxes will result in a sea of red ink "because we will do trade deals that are going to make up for a tremendous amount of the deficits."
Economists, however, say any connection is circuitous, felt through channels like an increase in tax payments from new job holders or stronger corporate profits -- but hard to estimate and likely small.
Even if Trump achieved his wildest success, and eliminated the United States' $500 billion trade deficit solely through increased exports that boosted gross domestic product on a dollar-for-dollar basis, it would do little to dent the estimated $7 trillion in government deficits his tax plan is projected to generate over the next decade.
Alan Cole, an economist at the Tax Foundation, said that every dollar of gross domestic product generates about 17.6 cents in federal government revenue, meaning the $500 billion trade shortfall would translate into just $88 billion in new taxes.
Even that, he said, is wildly generous.
"You have to say where is the new production coming from, which people, which places?" Cole said. "Will it be new factories being built, and if so why haven't they been built already?"
(Reporting by Howard Schneider; Editing by David Chance and Lisa Shumaker)
Chesnara Plc (CSN.L), an insurance-focused takeover specialist, said on Friday it was "optimistic" that the UK acquisition market would become more active as uncertainty caused by regulatory changes and Solvency II capital rules reduces.
The company said it had noted a recent gradual increase in closed book market activity in the UK, with larger finance companies looking to potentially shed capital intensive life and pension businesses and refocus on their core activities.
"We have the flexibility to accommodate a wide range of potential target books," said Chesnara, which mainly buys life insurance funds closed to new customers.
The company posted a nearly 5 percent fall in 2016 IFRS pretax profit to 40.7 million pounds ($50.74 million), hurt by lower interest rates and the absence of gains from its acquisition of Dutch company Waard Group in 2015.
(Reporting by Esha Vaish and Noor Zainab Hussain in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
MANILA, March 31 Philippine media organisations have hit back at President Rodrigo Duterte for an expletive-laden speech that lashed out at a domestic newspaper and a television network, saying threats would not stop journalists from reporting the truth.
In two separate televised speeches on Thursday, Duterte unleashed a stream of profanity and threatened to use the government's television station to hit back at dissenting media.
The populist leader singled out the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper for its coverage of his bloody war on drugs and a critic's allegations that he had hidden millions of dollars of assets. He also hit out at media conglomerate ABS-CBN , but did not say why.
"Your incoherent and foul-mouthed rant against two of the country's major media outfits ... was not only unwarranted, it was absolutely twisted," the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines said in a statement.
The verbal attacks showed how little the president appreciated democracy and governance, the group added.
The president's office has a rocky relationship with the media and frequently accuses the press of bias or of distorting remarks Duterte has made live on television.
Duterte enjoys huge support on social media and is fiercely defended by well-known bloggers with large followings on Facebook and have frequently targeted journalists.
He was angered by the Inquirer over a story that said his anti-drugs crackdown had primarily targeted poor Filipinos, a conclusion echoed by many rights groups.
More than 8,000 people, mostly drug users and small pushers, have been killed since Duterte took office at the end of June, about a third in police operations and many of the rest by unidentified gunmen.
"You know, the Inquirer yesterday, they are bullshit, son of a bitch. They are garbage," Duterte said on Thursday.
"Those journalists really have no shame. I tell you, they have no shame, including ABS-CBN."
"If you say in your editorial 'son of a bitch' then I will hit back and say you, too, are a son of a bitch."
In a statement, the Inquirer said it "takes exception to president Duterte's remarks". ABS-CBN, which covered the speeches live, has not commented.
Duterte's outburst follows criticism by his office about the New York Times and its coverage of the drugs war, which included a short documentary film and an editorial calling for a United Nations investigation.
Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella called the coverage a "demolition job" and part of a conspiracy to undermine the government. He described one article as a "well-paid hack job".
In a television interview this week, the documentary producer said the Times had no agenda other than telling stories that it felt were important. (Reporting by Neil Jerome Morales and Enrico dela Cruz; Editing by Martin Petty and Clarence Fernandez)
Warner Bros. Pictures' “Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald” is the second of five new adventures in J.K. Rowling's Wizarding World™. At the end of the first film, the powerful Dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald (Johnny Depp) was captured by MACUSA (Magical Congress of the United States of America), with the help of Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne). But, making good on his threat, Grindelwald escaped custody and has set about gathering followers, most unsuspecting of his true agenda: to raise pure-blood wizards up to rule over all non-magical beings.
People buy flags to celebrate Pakistan's independence day, in Lahore, Pakistan, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. The nation will celebrate their 70th Independence Day on Monday, having gained its independence from British colonial rule in 1947. K.M. Chaudary AP Photo
Members of Iraqi security forces inspect the site of car bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
Members of the Iraqi security forces inspect the site of a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
A fire erupts from the site of a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
Members of Iraqi security forces gather at the site after a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
A member of Iraqi security forces walks near the site of a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
A member of Iraqi security forces inspects the site after a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
Members of Iraqi security forces look at the site after a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
BAGHDAD Four Iraqi traffic policemen were killed on Friday when a suicide car bomb detonated outside their station, close to a street where several foreign media have offices in Baghdad, a security spokesman said.
Five people were also wounded by the blast on Abu Nawas Street, the spokesman said. The street runs alongside the east bank of the Tigris River and the French Embassy is located in the area.
Islamic State claimed the suicide attack on its Amaq news agency. The hardline Sunni group has controlled parts of Iraq and Syria since 2014.
(Reporting by Maher Chmaytelli; editing by Mark Trevelyan, G Crosse)
Mustafa Sanalla (C), the head of the National Oil Corporation (NOC), gestures during a meeting with members of the east's House of Representatives and officials from NOC at Arabian Gulf Oil Company, in Benghazi, Libya October 24, 2016. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori
VIENNA The head of Libya's National Oil Corp (NOC) defended the organisation on Thursday against repeated challenges to its legitimacy, saying it was working for all Libyans rather than any particular faction.
His comments to reporters in Vienna come as the Tripoli-based corporation faces a slew of challenges from various political and armed groups in Libya trying to lay claim to the country's vast oil wealth.
"I think everybody in the country understood that NOC is working for the whole nation and not one faction or illegitimate faction," Mustafa Sanalla said, adding that the corporation was the "glue" holding Libya together.
Last month, the head of an eastern breakaway NOC said he could no longer comply with a unification deal agreed last year with the original NOC in Tripoli.
On Thursday, a spokesman for the breakaway NOC in Benghazi said it had held an emergency meeting a day earlier to discuss the Tripoli NOC and "the transgression it carries out in monopolising the sale of oil".
Sanalla said contracts with international oil companies were protected by the United Nations. U.N. resolutions that remain in place have foiled past attempts by eastern factions to sell oil independently.
In another challenge, the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli issued a decree in March to strip the NOC of some of its powers, including the approval and cancellation of contracts.
Sanalla has asked the government to withdraw the resolution, saying that only the House of Representatives, Libya's legislature, has the power to make such changes.
The political tests come against a backdrop of security threats by various militant and unarmed groups that have hindered OPEC member Libya's oil production.
The most recent incident was a week-long shutdown of the Sharara oilfield, Libya's largest, after an unknown group blocked a pipeline linking it to the Zawiya oil terminal.
The field, which restarted on April 2, is now producing 215,000 barrels per day (bpd), Sanalla said.
Libya's national output stands at 693,000 bpd and further increases at Sharara could help drive it to 800,000 bpd by the end of April and to 1.1 million bpd by August, if security and budgetary conditions allow, Sanalla said.
He also commented on a deal that the NOC signed with Russia's Rosneft (ROSN.MM) in February, which he said covered future upstream and midstream cooperation as well as an oil offtake agreement.
Sanalla said the pricing of oil exported from Libya by Rosneft would be the same as for the NOC's other foreign partners. "We sell oil with the same formula, the same prices," he said.
(Additional reporting by Ayman al-Warfalli in Benghazi, Libya; Writing by Aidan Lewis and Ahmad Ghaddar; Editing by Dale Hudson and David Clarke)
(Repeating without changes for wider distribution)
By Julia Love
SAN FRANCISCO May 2 Microsoft Corp's announcement of a suite of new education products on Tuesday shows the company's determination to reverse a major shift that has taken place in U.S. classrooms in recent years: for most educators and school districts, Google's Chromebook is now the computer of choice.
The Chromebook has gone from a standing start in 2011 to wild popularity in the market for education technology, which tech companies have traditionally viewed as a critical way to win over the next generation of users.
In 2016, mobile devices running Alphabet Inc's Google's Chrome operating system accounted for 58 percent of the U.S. market for primary and secondary schools, according to Futuresource Consulting.
The Microsoft products introduced Tuesday, including a new version of its Windows operating system, software to boost collaboration among students and a new Surface laptop, clearly show the influence of the Chromebook, industry watchers say.
“The success of the Chromebook has awakened sleeping giants,” said Tyler Bosmeny, CEO of Clever, an education technology company. “There's so much investment into the space – it's unlike anything I've ever seen.”
For years after the release of the Chromebook in 2011, Apple Inc and Microsoft stuck to their strategies of offering slightly modified and discounted versions of their products for educators.
But the Chromebook's low price--it starts at $149-- and easy management proved irresistible to many schools. Google also saw a key chance to expand its market share several years ago with the approach of an online testing mandate in the United States.
To capitalize on the opportunity, the company created a “test mode,” which restricts access to the rest of the web while students complete assessments, said Rajen Sheth, a senior director of product management at Google.
The preparations paid off: Sales of the Chromebook jumped tenfold between 2012 and 2013, Sheth said.
While Google manufactures some Chromebooks, the devices aimed at the education market are supplied by partners such as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Acer Inc. The operating system is free for educators and hardware manufacturers, and Google sells schools an education package including device management and support for a $30 fee.
For Microsoft, Tuesday's event was the culmination of a campaign to emulate key aspects of the Chromebook strategy, said Mike Fisher, associate director for the education division at Futuresource Consulting.
Microsoft's hardware partners are now selling hybrid tablet-laptop devices based on the Surface design starting at $189. Microsoft executives boasted that the operating system announced Tuesday boots up rapidly, a hallmark of the Chromebook.
The company also introduced a new code-builder addition to its Minecraft education edition to help students learn coding skills through the popular game.
For Microsoft, the test will be how easily it can explain its offering to educators, Fisher said.
“The Google education ecosystem is quite straightforward," he said. "With Microsoft, there are a lot of moving parts."
Microsoft declined to comment.
Apple, for its part, has lowered the price of the iPad to $299 for education customers and made it possible for students to share devices, in addition to simplifying management.
“It's about trying to reach every teacher and every student,” said Susan Prescott, a vice president of product management and marketing at Apple.
Despite Google's U.S. dominance, its position is weaker in classrooms overseas, where many markets have not yet seen an impetus to embrace technology en masse, said Fisher of Futuresource Consulting.
In 2016, devices running Android and Chrome made up 23 percent of the mobile market outside the United States, compared with 65 percent for Microsoft's Windows, according to Futuresource.
(Reporting by Julia Love in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Lisa Shumaker)
March 31 C Quadrat Investment Ag
* Proposed dividend of 1.50 euros ($1.60) per share (2015: 4.0 euros per share)
* FY net profit for the year of 3.3 million euros
* Assets under management increased by 11.7 pct and had reached an all-time high of 6 billion euros as of Dec. 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9353 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Palm Beach — Breakfast at Laguna Restaurant is served at the edge of a pond, leading to a fresh water lagoon, mid jungle-like foliage. The pond is filled with yellow, orange, ivory and gold-colored koi fish. It is a wonderful place to start a vacation day at the Hilton Aruba Caribbean Resort & Casino
Breakfast consists of an all-you-care-to-eat buffet, featuring American favorites including a display of sliced fresh fruits, French toast, eggs in many different styles, and an interactive omelet station where guest may further customize their meal. Home-baked Danish, assorted cheeses, cold cuts, spreads, cereals, yogurts and dried fruits, bacon, link sausages, pancakes, waffles, and breakfast potatoes, are accompanied by fresh juices and just-brewed coffees.
To further enhance the breakfast experience, the resort has just introduced some interesting add-ons that are part of the buffet. Those new add-ons include an unlimited champagne and mimosa experience; then daily rotating options starting on Mondays, with Eggs Benedict on Toasted English Muffin with Canadian Bacon, and Asparagus, Queso Fresco Sauce, Pico de Gallo Topping.
On Tuesdays, breakfast-lovers may order Chorizo Hash, with Sweet Plantains, Mozzarella and Eggs; on Wednesdays, Stuffed French Toast, Vanilla Bean, Cream Cheese, Lemon Zest, and Maple Syrup; on Thursdays, Pork Sausage Burrito, with Cilantro, Cheddar, String Potatoes, and Eggs wrapped in a Flour Tortilla; on Fridays, Ham , Egg and Cheese Casserole, served in a black iron skillet; on Saturdays, Vegetable Frittata, with Red and Green Bell Peppers, Zucchini, Yellow Squash, Onion, Mushrooms and Swiss Cheese; and finally on Sundays Mini Pancakes, Maple Syrup and Turkey Bacon.
Laguna Restaurant is popular with locals and tourists who enjoy the wide selection of cuisine, and the congenial service. Breakfast is served from 7am to 11am. For more information or to make reservations, call Tel.: #526-6612.
Workers have been hard at work on the site since January 2016. Moeun Nhean
Private company invests in public underground parking lot
With the lack of parking spaces long plaguing Phnom Penh, the private sector has taken it upon itself to alleviate one of the biggest problems the capital city is facing.
Touch Samnang, deputy chief executive of Overseas Cambodian Investment Corporation (OCIC), said the firm was waiting to unveil the first underground parking space designed for the masses. “According to the momentum of the construction and our progress, we might be able to commemorate the opening of the first underground public parking space within the next one to two months,” he told Post Property. Currently, he added, OCIC is waiting for City Hall to organise the roads around the area.
The parking lot space underground between Canadia Tower and Vattanac Capital is the first of its kind for the public in Cambodia. Moeun Nhean
This debut project is situated between Canadia Tower and Vattanac Capital, and, according to OCIC's site manager Rith Ravin, has completed almost 90 percent of construction since January of last year. “What remains to be done is to put the finishing touches on the park above the parking space, and we can finish everything by the end of July,” he said.
This first ever public underground parking lot will measure 8,704 square metres spanning two levels, and seven metres in height. It has the capacity for up to 310 cars and hundreds of motorbikes, with an entrance adjacent to Street 77.
“This parking space will provide convenience to the locals living and working in this area, who have always had difficulties parking,” Ravin added.
According to Ravin, there is sufficient lighting on every floor, coupled with a security camera system, proper parking markings, climbing stairs at two ends, and vehicle pathway that will be elevated at 10 degrees.
In the case of electrical blackouts, automatic LED lights will be activated, whereas flood preventions have been taken in the form of an automatic water absorption system. “All in all,” said Ravin, “the company has equipped the place with every prevention method against all sorts of risks – in short, it has optimum safety.”
Initially slated to cost $4 million, the project's investment outlay has now clocked up to almost $7 million.
Above the lot is space reserved for a park. Photo supplied
While this OCIC initiative marks the first underground parking lot made available to the public, a second one is still under construction at Vattanac Capital, with a third one speculated to be built as a joint cooperative between City Hall and foreign companies.
City Hall spokesman Met Measpheakdey told Post Property that City Hall was currently cooperating on a study with a group of foreign experts for “a Malaysian company to build another underground public parking space under the park situated between Streets 106 and 108 near the Night Market”.
As for the traffic congestion problems along Phnom Penh inner city roads, Measpheakdey said: “Phnom Penh City Hall, together with a group of experts is currently trying to find possible routes in which we can establish crosswalks, underground pathways, and highways in many locations across the city; however, we can't disclose any information since the matter is still under study."
Honee founder and CEO Matt Jones
Honee founder and CEO, Matt Jones, admits he knows way too much about the beauty industry. He chuckles when asked how and why he finds himself immersed in the beauty and wellness space - and the reason behind his mission to help digitise the industry.
“There are some serious problems in the beauty industry. Nothing is digitised. No one has a website and a third of bookings happen outside of opening hours, so if they don't have online bookings, they are missing out on a third of their business,” Jones tells CIO Australia.
In order to make a difference, Jones hatched Honee, a tech start-up that's propelling the beauty and wellness industry into the digital age. The end-to-end booking service and online shopfront - which offers 200,000 services - aims to revolutionise the way beauty, fitness and wellness companies do business, through connecting everyday consumers with venues in their surrounding communities.
Essentially, Honee aims to make it easy to find wellness, beauty and fitness venues in Melbourne and Sydney by providing customers with accurate and up-to-date information on venues, as well as helping businesses promote their brands and find new clients. It also aims to help salons get access to actionable feedback, save time and drive rebookings.
Jones said Honee has simplified the process for businesses by allowing customers to book, pay, cancel and review directly through the platform, taking a load off salon owners and their employees. It also enables salons to build a comprehensive digital marketing strategy and to take steps towards transforming their businesses.
“It's a brutally hard place to do business, so we really wanted to help these people,” Jones said, explaining the service is now resonating with users - particularly 'regular' salon customers - and businesses alike.
Of 10,000 salons across Sydney and Melbourne surveyed by the Honee team, less than 40 per cent had a web presence and 0.2 per cent of bookings is made online.
Jones said the beauty and wellness industry - unlike other industries - has been slow to adopt transformational change and to make any real significant inroads in the digital age. But he wanted to change all that - and act as a bridge between people looking for a service and those who offer it, and make the journey across that bridge as easy as possible.
Already, the company is celebrating a major milestone, boasting it's on track to hit $1 million a week in transaction volume. Its traffic has doubled in the past 3 months, and there's an increase from 50,000 to 100,000 users per month.
Getting started
So how did it all being? Jones - a commercial banker for ANZ for about seven years - said he was always destined for an entrepreneurial life, but never dreamed the beauty business was in the cards.
“I always had startups in my blood. During university I nearly failed two degrees from doing two different startups, rather than actually studying. I made quite a bit of money from that. I then eventually wrapped it up and focused on uni and followed the corporate path.
“But I had an idea in my head and I couldn't get it out. So I ended up leaving ANZ and went and did a startup. Of course, as you do, I failed miserably and burnt through all of my savings. It was a nice idea, but it definitely wasn't a good business.”
From there, he realised he needed to be surrounded by people who were successful. “People who were killing it and doing really well. So I joined Delivery Hero when it was early for them in Australia.”
From there, he ventured overseas, working in Berlin for Delivery Hero, and then headed across to Singapore to work for another start up, Quandoo Live, which developed a table reservation app.
He eventually joined Zomato, a restaurant search and discovery service founded in 2008 by Indian entrepreneurs Deepinder Goyal and Pankaj Chaddah. It currently operates in 23 countries, including Australia and the US.
“In chatting with Deepinder and Pankaj, the founders, I realised we were a really good match. I went over to India and met them - and thought this was a huge opportunity.”
Back in Australia, he helped Zomato with the acquisition of Urbanspoon. “Zomato bought Urbanspoon for $70 million and they needed someone who's done this before. I had re trained sales team after acquisitions. I had done a lot of this previously and I was probably the most prominent food tech guy in Australia.
“We launched about seven verticals. Got 10 million users a month - and we did this all in less than 12 months. It was hugely successful.”
At that point, he - and his team - realised they had to venture out on their own.
“We were making everyone else rich, but ourselves. So that's when we decided to look at other opportunities. It didn't take long. Basically my hairdresser convinced me to do something for his industry. And that's how Honee got started.”
Never looked back
Initially, the Honee concept started as a discovery platform - and the team physically walked the streets.
“We covered 10,000 square kilometres across Melbourne and Sydney. We found 10,000 salons like literally walking down every street. We had an app, we got their GPS coordinates, menus, clients, descriptions, inside and outside photos. We got pretty much everything you needed for a user to find a great treatment, and we stuck it all online.” At first, the concept wasn't generating revenue.
But eventually, the company found its niche and worked to alleviate some of the challenges associated with the beauty the industry, from users struggling to find venues to a lack of digital marketing know-how by countless beauty and wellness operations.
“We didn't realise it was this bad, but when we compared our database to Google, 60 per cent of the venues on our platform couldn't be found anywhere else on the Internet. So right away we found ourselves in this position where we became the ‘web presence' for the beauty industry.”
In addition to helping users, Honee has also enabled salons to market to thousands of consumers, by providing them with information that helps leverage their customer relationship and grow their business.
“Many salon owners drop $1 million on a really good location (on Chapel Street or George Street) for a fit out, but the average lifespan is only ten months,” he said, explaining businesses are so prone to collapse for a variety of reasons, and need help building one-on-one customer relationships.
“In the space of four months, we can take a salon with online bookings and get 40 per cent of their regular customers booking online. It's saving them 60 hours a month on the phones.”
The platform also offers business advice. An AI-powered chatbot and business information service ‘Nectar' lets business owners ask a number of different questions about their business and receive an answer immediately.
Going global
Asked his next steps, Jones said he's trying to raise capital in the US, and is looking for partners to help it grow internationally.
“Australia isn't a big market. It's $10 billion. We can carve that out over the next few years in multiple cities. It will grow. We already have a strong presence in Melbourne and Sydney. So the next markets we need are Los Angeles and some of the more sophisticated beauty markets including Singapore, Hong Kong, Dubai and Delhi.
“I don't want to give it all away, but we have some pretty strong partners helping with our APAC expansion,” he said, revealing Zomato is helping Honee with its growth plans.
And while he's looking to expand the business globally, he loves the exciting and frenzied start up atmosphere in Australia, particularly with the rise of the incubators, accelerator programs and the injection of government funding over the last two years.
“It's now very well networked. The Aussie market is second to none. I truly believe that in terms of being able to get in front of people. You go to Silicon Valley and you really need warm intros, but over here, it's very easy to get in front of venture capitals. All of the VCs are incredibly connected and there are a couple of hubs.
“There are more incubators and accelerator programs per capita in Australia than any other country in the world - and that's largely due to the government support backing funding and a lot of people just wanting to help out, give back to the community, and are setting up incubators.”
No doubt, he loves living and breathing life as an entrepreneur. “I wouldn't do anything else. I love it. It's addictive. It is work-life integration. It really is. It is time on the weekends. It is seven days a week, 18 to 19 hours a day. It is a constant challenge.
“It's hectic, but I'm a problem solver at heart. I grew up in the age where we'd build computers. We'd go to a computer swap meet and we'd find motherboards, we'd find hard drives. We'd stick it all together, and by default nothing worked. You had to figure it out for yourself.
“You had to do whatever it took to get these things working. That's my life. I just solve problems and the bigger the problem, the bigger the challenge - and the more ambitious I get. And the beauty market is $3 trillion and I can't wait to solve its problems - there are so many.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Bringing baby to work: New business hopes to help to work moms
COLUMBIA - The hatchery had its grand opening and ribbon cutting ceremony with the Columbia Chamber of Commerce Thursday.
The Hatchery is a co-working space with on-site childcare. Owner Amanda Quick opened The Hatchery after she had a daughter but still wanted to work, without putting her daughter in daycare full-time.
“Like I want to be close to my baby, but I want work and I want to be me,” Quick said. “I really just went to a mentor and laid it all on the table and asked if I was crazy or if it might work. And here we are today.”
Quick visited a restaurant in St. Louis, The Nest, which offers child care. She was inspired by this idea.
“And so that idea was kind of just stuck in my head for two and a half years,” Quick said. “I'd kind of go back to it and then think no, that's not going to work. And then, once we had our own kiddo I kind of just had the idea, and it just wouldn't go away.”
The memberships are based on how often someone comes. People can choose between once a month, five times a month, 12 times a month and then everyday or 24/7 access.
Quick said a lot of people use the space for different reasons. The Hatchery started as women who worked from home and had children.
“That was our big niche, and so we definitely have those ladies that come in here,” Quick said.
Amanda Ford is a graphic designer who brings her infant son to The Hatchery as she works.
“Obviously, I have this little bitty guy and I needed a place to hang out that I could be near to him because I am breastfeeding him,” Ford said.
The Hatchery works for people like Ford who need an additional space but not an office.
“If I opened an office, I would never show up because I do have a home office, Ford said. So being here gives me a chance to still be close to the new baby and be able to get a lot of work done. And a collaborative space to hear all the other mom stories because I'm a brand-new mom”
Ford said The Hatchery allows her to use the conference room for meetings and have childcare.
"I think it's an extra $5 here versus $10-$15 if you have them come to your house," Ford said.
Trina Reifsteck comes to The Hatchery to network.
"I wanted to know more of the entrepreneurs in the area,” Reifsteck said. “I'm trying to get into sustainability and green salons and helping with social media and marketing. So being at The Hatchery gives me the resources that I need to get involved.”
Reifsteck said the conference room and meeting room will be useful for her clients.
“It has a home feel to it,” Reinsteck said. “It's an efficient place for everyone to meet up and get involved.”
Quick said one of its members is a full-time bookkeeper.
“Her kids are in school,” Quick said. “But working from home is kind of lonely and full of distractions. So she's able to have meetings here and come in here and get work done.”
Quick said The Hatchery has a couple of members who work remotely from bigger companies and health coaches who use the private meeting space.
“Even in their policies, they're actually asking people in the community to come and actually network and talk and they make it very clear it's ours,” Reifsteck said. “Like it's not yours it's not mine. It's our tools. It's our resources and we are all here to help and empower each other.”
Columbia Chamber of Commerce President Matt McCormick said there has been an increase in new business in Columbia.
"It's always great to help us open a new business in Columbia," McCormick said. "To watch businesses grow and take an idea and turn it into a business, especially this one, they are doing a great job helping other businesses do that."
São Paulo/RIO DE JANEIRO, April 28 Brazilian unions called nationwide strikes on Friday to protest President Michel Temer's efforts to reduce social security benefits and weaken labor laws, with disruption expected to road and rail transport, factories and schools.
Many workers were expected to heed the strike call, due in part to anger about reforms that will force many Brazilians to work for years longer before drawing a pension, but also because the strike will extend a holiday weekend ahead of Labor Day on Monday.
If successful, the protest would mark Brazil's first general strike in more than two decades.
In Brasilia, the capital, authorities boarded up windows of government buildings on Thursday amid fears that protests could result in violent clashes between demonstrators and police.
Demonstrations were scheduled in other major cities across the Latin American nation of more than 200 million people.
"It is going to be the biggest strike in the history of Brazil," said Paulo Pereira da Silva, the president of trade union group Forca Sindical.
Violent protests have occurred repeatedly during the past four years amid political turmoil, Brazil's worst recession on record, and unprecedented corruption investigations that revealed stunning levels of systematic graft among politicians.
Nearly a third of Temer's cabinet and key congressional allies came under investigation in the scandal this month, worsening his dismal approval ratings since taking office last year after the impeachment of ex-President Dilma Rousseff.
Rousseff's Workers Party grew out of the labor movement, and her allies have called her removal for breaking budget rules an illegitimate "coup," contributing to political polarization in Brazil and hardline union resistance to Temer's agenda.
Vagner Freitas, the national president of the Central Workers Union (CUT), Brazil's biggest labor confederation, said the government's reforms "leave no room to negotiate."
"Temer does not even want to negotiate, he just wants to meet the demands of the businessmen who financed the 'coup' precisely to end social security and legalize the exploitation of workers," Freitas said in a statement.
A spokesman for Temer rejected the union criticism, saying the government was working to undo the economic damage wrought under the previous Workers Party government, which had the backing of the CUT.
"The inheritance of that was 13 million unemployed. The government is carrying out reforms to change this situation, to create jobs and economic growth," said spokesman Marcio de Freitas. (Reporting by Brad Brooks in São Paulo and Pedro Fonseca in Rio de Janiero; Additional reporting by Anthony Boadle in Brasilia; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Leslie Adler)
Introduction
High Velocity Oxygen Fuel coating is a process of thermal spray coating which is used to develop or restore a component's surface dimensions or properties, thus prolonging equipment life by significantly increasing wear resistance, erosion, and corrosion protection. To produce an exceptional coating hardness, for metals, alloys and ceramics, high velocity oxygen fuel coating is considered as one of the best option in coating industry. HVOF coating provide substantial wear resistance, outstanding adhesion to the substrate material. Increasing demand of thermal sprays upsurges the high value growth of HVOF coating market. Owing to the HVOF coating properties and numerous applications for metals and alloys, this become a most potential method for producing a well adherent coating with low porosity. HVOF process is considered as a prominent method for those materials which are very sensitive to the phase transformation owing to oxidation and evaporation. This process of coating is provided solution for the aerospace and industrial customers to coat aircraft and industrial parts. There are a number of market players spent enormous amount of capital on research and development facility to improve HVOF coating efficiency and sustain an effective position in the market.
Global High Velocity Oxygen Fuel (HVOF) coating market: Market dynamics:
Increasing demand of HVOF coating is because of growing usage of thermal spraying in automotive and aerospace industry as a replacement of hard chrome coating. Aerospace industry is accounted for high market share in high velocity oxygen fuel coating market, owing to its properties of providing improved performance, electrical properties, efficiency and improved life of mating components. HVOF coating process is the finest coating for those material which are sensitive to the phase oxidation. Diversified application of HVOF coating in aerospace and equipment industry for to process material including steels, aluminum superalloys, and titanium propel the market demand for HVOF coating.
There are certain factors hider the market growth of high velocity oil fuel coating market including stringent environment regulations, process consistency and reliability of coating material. Intense market competition in coating industry is also one the restraining factor for the high velocity oil fuel coating market.
Global High Velocity Oxygen Fuel (HVOF) coating market: Segmentation:
Global high velocity oxygen fuel (HVOF) coating market can be segmented on the basis of material used in HVOF coating and end use industry.
On the basis of material used for high velocity oxygen fuel coating market can be segmented as:
HVOF Tungsten Carbide
HVOF Tungsten Carbide-Nickel Superalloy
HVOF Chromium Carbide
HVOF Aluminum Bronze
On the basis of end use industry for high velocity oxygen fuel coating market can be segmented as
Automotive
Aerospace
Industrial gas turbines
Energy & power
Electronics
Oil & gas
Medical devices
Global High Velocity Oxygen Fuel (HVOF) coating market: Regional analysis:
The coating industry has changed significantly in recent years through high technological advancement and growing consumption of thermal sprays in developing regions, and this upsurges the demand of HVOF coating. North America dominate the HVOF coating market owing to the high consumption of this in automotive and aerospace industry. Asia Pacific excluding Japan is also one of the prominent region for the high velocity oxygen fuel (hvof) coating market, owing to the high demand in China and India market. With growing industrialization and growth of automotive production in developing countries in Asia pacific region opted for high market growth in HVOF coating market. Europe is estimated to show high growth in equipment industry which led to rapid advancement for coating industry. Factors including HVOF coating high industrial performance, enticing qualities of adhering, corrosion protection has made market players to opt for HVOF coating for material advancement. As the demand increases in these markets, globally consumption of high velocity oil fuel coating also increase. Japan is also projected to add significant growth in high velocity oil fuel coating market. Latin America and MEA region is estimated to show sluggish growth in floor conveyor system market.
Request sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23473
Global High Velocity Oxygen Fuel (HVOF) coating market: Key Market Participants:
Some of the prominent market players of high velocity oxygen fuel (HVOF) coating market are:
(Adds Energy Minister comments, unions say will appeal)
By Bate Felix
PARIS, April 9 France's oldest nuclear power reactor will stop electricity production by April 2020, once a new generation EPR reactor in Flamanville is operational, according to a government decree issued on Sunday.
The closure of Fessenheim, in northeastern France, was a 2012 electoral promise by French President Francois Hollande, who promised to curb French dependency on nuclear power and develop other renewable energy sources.
But this was opposed by workers and executives at plant operator EDF as well as opposition parties and some candidates in the upcoming French presidential election.
Board members of state-controlled EDF authorised its chief executive to seek a decree from the government to keep Fessenheim open at least until six months before the start-up of the new reactor at the company's Flamanville site.
"The decree repeals, at the request of the operator, the authorisation to operate the Fessenheim nuclear power plant owned by EDF, from date of entry into service of the Flamanville 3 EPR reactor," the decree said.
It said the 1,650 megawatt (MW) capacity Flamanville 3 was expected to start production by April 2020 at the latest, and so to respect France's legal ceiling of 63.2 gigawatts of power from nuclear sources, the 1,800 MW Fessenheim would have to halt production.
"As promised, the decree which repeals the license to operate the Fessenheim nuclear power plant is published. It was promised, it has been done," Energy Minister Segolene Royal said in a separate statement.
The closure is part of France's obligation to diversify its energy sources as set by the Energy Transition Law, which provides for 40 percent of renewable energy in electricity production by 2030, Royal said.
France currently depends on nuclear power for over 75 percent of its electricity needs.
Workers' unions in the energy sector, who are against the shutdown of Fessenheim, condemned the publication of the decree saying it was a face-saving measure by the government for electoral gains. The unions said they would appeal it.
"This decree is illegitimate and devoid of any economic and industrial rationality," one of the unions, CFE Energies, said.
The union said it would appeal to the State Council, France's highest administrative body, to have the decree overruled.
The decree to shut down the Fessenheim plant came a few days after the company's board decided not to vote to immediately halt production. (Reporting by Bate Felix. Editing by Jane Merriman and Susan Fenton)
Jayde Baker, Madeline Stocks, Steve Tomlinson and Tayla Davis escape the heat at Palm Springs in sweltering heat before rain arrives this evening
UPDATE: 10.20am
Heavy rains expected to swamp North Byron Parklands this afternoon, are now forecast to peak this evening.
Between 20mm to 40mm was predicted to fall mainly around the Yelgun area at 3pm, but the forecast has been updated, with storms and heavy rain now set to inundate festival goers at around 9pm.
Heavy rain is expected to fall throughout the night, before clearing to light showers on Tuesday morning.
-----
FESTIVAL goers braving extreme heat at the 2016-17 edition of Falls Festival Byron may have to reach for the raincoats, with heavy rain predicted to bucket the Northern Rivers region on Monday.
Temperatures soared for a second day at the North Byron Parklands site on Sunday, leaving scantily clad revellers looking for creative ways to escape the heat, but with thunderstorms and up to 80mm of rain predicted by the Bureau of Meteorology for some areas, the new challenge may be keeping dry.
Heavy rain may be a welcome reprieve for revellers and campers sweating it out in humid conditions and temperatures in the mid 30's over the last 48 hours.
Some of the rain predictions by the Bureau of Meteorology for the area on Monday include:
- Alstonville: 40mm to 80mm
- Lismore: 20mm to 4mm
- Byron Bay: 20mm to 40mm
- Yelgun (North Byron Parklands): 20mm to 40mm
- Casino: 20mm to 40mm
- Kyogle: 20mm to 40mm
Falls Festival
While trying not to get wet maybe Monday's theme, trying to find ways get wet was the order of the day on Sunday, with Falls Festival goers leaving the site in droves in the morning to head for Northern Rivers' beaches for a dip.
But those left on site flocked to the Falls' Palm Springs area, which proved a highlight of the services focused on helping festival goers enjoy the day despite the high temperatures.
Palm Springs, a new feature of this year's festival, was a hit among punters with 14 pools, natural sand, palms and chairs providing a cool alternative to buses taking Falls crowds to the beach.
Jayde Baker, Madeline Stocks, Steve Tomlinson and Tayla Davis, who made the trek up to the Northern Rivers from the Central Coast, were just one group enjoying a cool down in the pools on Sunday afternoon.
After sweating it out and resorting to alternative ways of keeping cool in their tents in the morning, Baker said Palm Springs was the place to be.
"It's been super hot in the tents in the mornings and we've been using Aloe vera spray that we cooled down in an esky to try and beat the heat, so it's nice to have a dip,” she said.
"It's still a little warm in the pool, but it's still really good.”
The predicted rain may be just what the group and their camping brethren braving the heat need, with the heat preventing them from watching as many sets as they would like.
"The festival is still great and the whole vibe is really good, but I do wish it wasn't so hot I could enjoy the artists and music more,” Stocks said.
Rain threatened to fall mid afternoon on Sunday, but held out into the evening.
Strong rain is set to begin falling late evening on Sunday and throughout Monday morning, before peaking at around 3pm.
Australian music legend Bernard Fanning, now a Northern Rivers' resident, will play the Valley Stage on Monday from 6.10-7.10pm, before London Grammar (9.10-10.10pm) and Alison Wonderland (10.40pm-12.00am) close the festival.
The State Emergency Service advises that people should:
FILE PHOTO: Actress Cate Blanchett poses at the 7th Annual Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Governors Awards at The Ray Dolby Ballroom in Hollywood, California , U.S. on November 14, 2015. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Sally Field arrives at the 85th Academy Awards in Hollywood, California, U.S., on February 24, 2013 REUTERS/Adrees Latif/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Actress and singer-songwriter Bette Midler arrives at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala (Met Gala) to celebrate the opening of 'Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology' in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S. on May 2, 2016. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Actresses Bette Midler, Sally Field and Cate Blanchett are seen in a combination of file photos in New York, U.S. on May 2, 2016, Hollywood, California, U.S. on February 24, 2013 and in Hollywood, California, U.S. on November 14, 2015. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz, REUTERS/Adrees Latif, REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
NEW YORK Cate Blanchett, Sally Field and Bette Midler received acting nominations for Broadway's Tony Awards on Tuesday, while "Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812" led the pack with 12 nods including the top prize, the best musical.
Close behind was the hit revival of "Hello, Dolly!" which took 10 nominations, including one for lead actor David Hyde Pierce. He will compete against Josh Groban making his Broadway debut in "Natasha, Pierre," a lavish spectacle based on a snippet of Tolstoy's "War and Peace."
"Groundhog Day The Musical," "Come From Away" and teen-aged angst drama "Dear Evan Hansen," which won rave reviews and took nine nominations, were other best musical nominees.
Best play nominees were led by "A Doll's House, Part 2" with eight nominations including ones for stars Laurie Metcalf and Chris Cooper, "Oslo," about the 1993 Oslo peace accords, Pulitzer Prize winning drama "Sweat" and "Indecent."
Only three shows were nominated for best musical revival: "Falsettos," "Miss Saigon" and "Hello, Dolly!".
In a year crowded with dozens of new plays and musicals, major productions of "Cats," "Sunset Boulevard" starring Glenn Close, "A Bronx Tale" and "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" were shut out.
Big names appearing this season who were not nominated included Diane Lane, Mark Ruffalo and Allison Janney.
The best play revival nominees were "Present Laughter," "August Wilson's Jitney," "Six Degrees of Separation" and "Lillian Hellman's The Little Foxes," which won nominations for actresses Laura Linney and Cynthia Nixon.
Nixon, who has been exchanging roles with Linney during the play's run, said she found out about her featured actress nomination by text message and had not yet heard from Linney. "I'm sure we will be chatting this morning," she added.
Joining Midler, whose turn in "Hello, Dolly!" has been breaking box office records, as best actress in a musical, are Patti LuPone and Christine Ebersole in "War Paint," newcomer Denée Benton for "Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812" and Eva Noblezada in "Miss Saigon."
Blanchett, who made her Broadway debut in "The Present," is joined by Jennifer Ehle ("Oslo") in addition to Field ("The Glass Menagerie"), Linney and Metcalf.
Best play actor nominees included Denis Arndt in "Heisenberg," Kevin Kline in "Present Laughter," Jefferson Mays in "Oslo" and Corey Hawkins in "Six Degrees of Separation."
The Tony Awards will be presented on June 11 at Manhattan's Radio City Music Hall in a ceremony headlined by film and stage star Kevin Spacey.
(Reporting by Chris Michaud; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe, Bernard Orr)
The run-up to Christmas can be hectic. There's so much to plan for - presents, cards, visits to family and friends, not to mention getting to that carol service, nativity play and let's not even talk about work…
It can be challenging, but it's great to grab a day or two for some fun and relaxation.
Frosted Fairground at Dreamland in Margate
This year we escaped for a weekend away, and didn't have to worry about travelling too far.
We went to Margate, just two hours from our West Sussex home, and had an amazing day at Dreamland's Frosted Fairground.
You might have visited the seaside in summer, but if you're prepared to wrap up warm - you'll need those extra layers! - then it's great fun.
The whole park is lit with sparkling lights and festive trees, and the view from the top of the big wheel is stunning.
Frosted Fairground at Dreamland in Margate
It was very chilly on our trip and the kids were a bit dismayed that some of the rides were closed for safety reasons, but there was still plenty to do including the dodgems, maze, Magic Mouse ride and of course the Scenic Railway, which is as much fun as it ever was.
You can pay per ride, but since we had wristbands giving unlimited rides, we could go on our favourite rides again, and again… and again!
After a short stop in the cafe for a warming drink and a piece of cake, we swapped our winter boots for skates and took to the ice. As always, us grown ups clung to the edge while the children, undeterred by the odd fall, took off and skated rings around us, giggling all the time!
There was time for the arcade and to revisit the big wheel before we left, and take a last look down on the park before saying goodbye.
Frosted Fairground at Dreamland in Margate
And as a surprise for the kids, we had booked a hotel for the night overlooking the beautiful lights at Ramsgate Harbour and had time the next day for a spot of Christmas shopping at Westwood Cross before heading home, tired but very happy.
The Frosted Fairground is open weekends and holidays (excluding Christmas Day) until January 3. For full details, and to see what's coming up at Dreamland in 2018, visit the website www.dreamland.co.uk
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media, or on behalf of our advertising partners, on what we feel are important offers, developments, publications, and events in the streaming/online video industry.
Read all about it - You can't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news!
Seed Money: 6 Ways Streaming Video Plays a Role in Farming
In chores such as cattle wrangling and crop rotation, streaming video is surprisingly important to those working in agribusiness.
Page 1 of 2 next »
As we kick off 2018 in the middle of winter, we wanted to direct your attention to an industry using video streaming that's already hard at work preparing for the halcyon days of summer: agriculture.
For most of us, the idea of video streaming and farmland is one of beautiful panoramic flyover views, but for those in the business of agriculture, or agribusiness, there's an increasing reliance on streaming video to get the work done and done well. This article focuses on just how streaming plays a role in agriculture today and how it is affecting the near future.
Before we begin, because the term “streaming” means something different to agricultural and financial markets, and also because “streams” are a key component of any irrigation or livestock pasturing, let's discuss definitions to understand exactly what the term means to those heavily involved in the business of farming.
The use of “streaming” terminology for financial markets that deal with agribusiness is actually a concept that's been borrowed from the mining and metals production industry. In this context, streaming is defined as both the investment flow of capital into a farm (typically prior to growing season so that crops are produced free of debt) and the flow of goods (crops, primarily, although it can be other farm-produced goods) from the farm in the form of long-term, fixed-price commodities contracts. In other words, the stream is a stream of money, via a particular method of investing in capital-intensive production that later yields a stream of profits from the margin between buying fixed-price commodities and selling them on the open market.
Ok, now that we've checked that off our chore list, let's briefly explore six ways in which agriculture and the technology of streaming video have joined together to make farming slightly less labor intensive. Two of the areas center on drone usage, two others highlight training efforts, and the final two focus on farming innovation.
Streams for Current Farmers
1. Livestock Herding: In the old days of the Wild West, a cowboy earned both his name and his livelihood by herding cattle from one pasture to another, or from the farm to a far-off market town. Many of the Westerns made in Hollywood centered on the drama, dangers, and campfire stories of a cattle drive.
Most cattle wrangling and herding today is done with all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) and even trucks. This method works fairly well, and in some ways the use of drones in cattle drives could appear to be a bad riff on Cowboys & Aliens, since cows and bulls are both fairly large animals and prone to erratic behavior when spooked.
For smaller barnyard animals, though, like goats and sheep, there's a continuing trend toward using drones to either replace or to augment the skills of a livestock herder and her four-legged companion.
One benefit of using drones equipped with streaming video for livestock herding comes at the end of the process. Once livestock have been successfully herded into their pen area, human herders undertake a process of “counting sheep” to account for all the animals that had previously been released for grazing. The traditional way to do this is via a narrow gate, which brings the livestock down to a single-file line as they enter the pen.
“Once you and your assistants finished counting the last sheep, everyone needs to confirm their amounts and usually they differ,” notes the website for South Africa-based Drone Solutions. “The counting needs to take place again and could go on several times until everyone is happy and agreeing on the amount. As you can see this process is extremely time consuming and can take anything from 30min up to 3 hours.”
Drones change the way that counting occurs. The drone can either be positioned above the gate, using object recognition from the video feed to count the number of livestock that pass through the gate, or it can be used later to send back high-quality imagery and streaming video as part of a post-herding count of all the livestock in a particular pen. Think of either of these as a set of eyes above the herding process.
Counting sheep isn't just something you do when you can't sleep. Drone streaming services like those provided by South Africa's Drone Solutions help ranchers and farmers sleep better at night by counting livestock as they enter pens.
Another way that livestock herding benefits from streaming video from drones is the ability to scout ahead, across unknown terrain, to avoid potential obstacles or impassable routes. Combined with 3D mapping technologies, it is reasonable to expect that drones might be used in the near future as a sort of guide at the front of a cattle drive, choosing the least-strenuous path for cows and cowboys alike.
2. Routine Maintenance: Another benefit of using drones with streaming video on a farm or ranch is the ability to cover large areas with minimal effort.
A somewhat mundane, but highly necessary, example of this is fence line inspections. Fencing a pasture in a remote area across treacherous terrain is challenging enough, but having to repeatedly retrace that fence line on foot or even in a vehicle is not just time consuming but also potentially dangerous. Combining sensor data with computer vision—the latter being used to identify breaks in a fence line—allows farmers to monitor the integrity of a fence without needing to use valuable human resources.
If the drone identifies a problem, streaming video allows the farmer to confirm both whether the fence has actually been breached and whether any livestock have chosen to explore the greener grass on the other side.
On large ranches, livestock can be spread out across many camps, so the benefits of streaming-video-equipped ag drones described above would only be amplified. In addition, archived video captured on a drone at higher resolutions such as Ultra high definition (UHD) or 4K can also be used to visually analyze land that's been 3D-mapped by the drone for crop rotation or livestock grazing.
3. How-To Streams: Almost everyone who uses a smartphone has, at one point or another, viewed a how-to video on that phone. Whether it's a video on how to loosen a stubborn bolt or how to properly whisk an ingredient in a recipe, the use of how-to videos has many times replaced the need to call or text someone else for this type of advice.
In the agricultural business, there are several areas in which how-to videos are quite helpful. The first ties back to our previous mention of livestock herding, but instead of learning how to fly a drone, there are a number of options available on how to properly train a dog to help with herding.
An example of this comes from Twin Creek Herding and Productions, whose owner, Jerry Rowe, has been training dogs for livestock herding for more than 50 years. In his Coffee with Jerry series, Rowe uses streaming videos to train farmers on how to best train farm dogs, from Australian cattle dogs to bearded collies to Belgian Malinois.
As with almost every other industry, agriculture has embraced streaming video for training purposes. Twin Creek Herding and Productions' owner Jerry Rowe has been training dogs for livestock herding for more than 50 years, and now produces a Coffee With Jerry series of how-to videos.
Page 1 of 2 next »
March Charity Coalition is inviting members and supports of Tampa Bay area non-profits to a networking luncheon.
Guests networking at the December 2016 Charity Coalition luncheon.
Contact
Church of Scientology Flag Service Organization
***@cos.flag.org Church of Scientology Flag Service Organization
End
-- On March 15, the Charity Coalition will hold its networking luncheon in the historic Fort Harrison, religious retreat of the Church of Scientology Flag Service Organization. All members and supporters of non-profits are invited.The Charity Coalition has hosted luncheons since September 2014 and held two annual banquets, providing resources and networking opportunities for non-profits to expand their operations.The March luncheon will highlight Keep Pinellas Beautiful (KPB), the local chapter of the national charity, Keep America Beautiful. KPB fulfills its mission of improving and protecting our natural environment through raising community awareness and engagement.The luncheon's program will also feature a special "round-table networking" for attendees to participate in and expand their contacts. There is no cost to attend."I'm so glad that you reached out to me and I was able to attend," said one attendee, "I met exactly the right person and now we are going to be working together! I'll be at the next one, just mark me down."The Church of Scientology acquired the Fort Harrison in 1975. Since its top-to-bottom restoration in 2009, the Fort Harrison has hosted over 500 community events. Its facilities are made available to non-profits for their own event.For more information or to RSVP for the Charity Coalition, please call 727-467-6860 or email j.webb@cos.flag.org The Scientology religion was founded by humanitarian and philosopher, L. Ron Hubbard. The first Church of Scientology was formed in the United States in 1954 and has expanded to more than 11,000 churches, missions and affiliated groups, with millions of members in 165 nations. Scientologists are optimistic about life and believe there is hope for a saner world and better civilization, and actively do all they can to help achieve this. The Church of Scientology regularly engages in many humanitarian programs, such as anti-drug campaigns, human rights campaigns and global education programs. To learn more, visit www.scientology.org
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
CHICAGO Illinois' already low credit rating could be downgraded if the state does not end its record-breaking budget impasse over the next two months, Moody's Investors Service said on Thursday.
The credit rating agency said the state is at a "critical juncture," and failure to reach a budget consensus by the May 31 end of the legislative session would "signal deepening political paralysis, heightening the risk of creditor-adverse actions."
"This is sort of a do-or-die moment here with respect to the leaders in state government," Moody's analyst Ted Hampton said.
Moody's rates Illinois Baa2, which is just two steps above the junk level and is the lowest rating among the 50 states. Illinois also pays a bigger penalty than other states in the U.S. municipal bond market after six credit downgrades since 2015 by the three major rating agencies.
A 21-month standoff between Illinois' Republican governor and Democrats who control the legislature has left the state operating on continuing appropriations and court-ordered spending.
As a result, the state's pile of unpaid bills, a barometer of its deep financial woes, has tripled since 2015, hitting a record-high $13 billion last week.
If Illinois begins a third straight fiscal year without a complete budget, money set aside for payments on its $26 billion of outstanding general obligation bonds could be at risk of being borrowed to cover operational expenses, Moody's said in a report.
Another possibility could be that core operational needs would be prioritized over debt service, it added.
With a budget deal, Illinois would be able to stabilize its financial position, the report said, noting that political gridlock, not fundamental economic factors, are largely driving the state's financial pressures.
Asked about Moody's report by a reporter in the state capitol, Governor Bruce Rauner said he continues to push for a budget that includes structural changes to spur economic growth.
Moody's said a bipartisan bill package that surfaced in the Senate in January but has since stalled could improve the state's financial prospects.
The package includes legislation to complete the fiscal 2017 budget, which expired on Dec. 31, as well as to hike taxes, cut pension costs by about $1 billion annually, authorize borrowing to pay down the bill pile, expand casino gaming and freeze local property taxes.
"We continue to work toward compromise but aren't there yet," said John Patterson, a spokesman for Democratic Senate President John Cullerton.
Illinois' fiscal year begins July 1.
(Reporting by Karen Pierog; Editing by W Simon and Matthew Lewis)
No matter how many iOS or macOS devices you own, Apple offers just 5GB of free storage to iCloud users – a paltry amount given what rivals offer. But there are ways you can avoid paying for more storage space, or at least limit how much extra you pay.
Here are easy-to-follow tips on how to put some of the biggest iCloud data-consuming features on a diet and save money on iCloud storage.
Apple No matter how many iPhones, iPads or Macs you buy, Apple only provides 5GB of free iCloud storage.
Why do you need to manage iCloud storage?
Apple has made iCloud storage a seemingly essential element for all its products, from Macs to iPads, iPhones and even Apple TV. There are four principal elements to the service. These include:
iCloud Backup: It's used for all the iPad, iPhone and iPod backups you've made without using iTunes.
It's used for all the iPad, iPhone and iPod backups you've made without using iTunes. iCloud Drive : This is for all your documents (including Mac Desktop and Downloads data) and data from third-party apps on Macs and iOS devices that store data in the cloud.
: This is for all your documents (including Mac Desktop and Downloads data) and data from third-party apps on Macs and iOS devices that store data in the cloud. iCloud Mail: Naturally, this is storage for all the emails and attachments you've ever received through your iCloud account.
Naturally, this is storage for all the emails and attachments you've ever received through your iCloud account. iCloud Photo Library: This is storage for all the pictures and videos you've ever taken.
That's an extensive list of items to squeeze inside Apple's ever-so-tiny 5GB free allocation. To get the most out of it, you may want to regularly check how much storage you're already using and take steps to migrate some of those storage tasks to non-Apple products and services.
How much does iCloud storage cost?
Apple offers four storage options: 5GB (free); 50GB (99 cents/month); 200GB ($2.99/month); and 2TB ($9.99/month).
How much storage are you using?
It's easy to figure out how much iCloud storage you are using.
In iOS: Tap the top (Apple ID) section in Settings. Then tap iCloud. You should see a chart detailing how you are using iCloud storage. Tap Manage Storage to reach a page listing every item storing data in your iCloud (it also tells you how much data each item uses there). You can also delete stored data for each app or service, but don't do so until you have first backed up that information elsewhere.
Apple
In macOS: Access System Preferences>iCloudand choose the "Manage..." option at the bottom right of the window.
Apple
In both cases you'll see how much storage you're using, what items are using it (for example, Photos, Docs, Mail or Backup), and where to enable and disable online storage for various applications and Apple services.
How to manage iCloud Backup
If you back up iOS device(s) to iCloud, you'll soon hit problems if you try to stay under the 5GB storage limit. To reduce the amount of iCloud storage consumed by iCloud backups, you can back up your iOS device(s) to a Mac or PC and delete existing backups you may have created from iCloud.
You don't actually have to back your devices up to iCloud, though it is convenient; you can use a Mac or PC running iTunes instead. Just connect your device to your computer, launch iTunes (if it doesn't launch automatically) and click the Device icon that appears to the left of the iTunes window beside the category menu.
Apple iCloud storage can easily be managed in iOS. Select "Backup" to review older backups and delete those no longer needed.
Once you've done that, select Summary and then choose This Computer where you see Automatically Backup. You'll need to check the Encrypt (device name) backup item in order to keep Health and HomeKit data, and will need to create a password for this.
In the future, your iOS device(s) will automatically be backed up to your computer when it is connected, and you won't need to store those backups on your frugal iCloud account. Once that's set up, you can remove older device backups from iCloud.
On iOS: Tap Settings and navigate to iCloud>Manage Storage and choose Backup. Here you can review your backups and select those you wish to delete. When you tap the red Delete Backupoption, you'll be asked if you are certain of the decision. Advice: Be sure to keep the most recent backup.
On a Mac: Open System Preferences>iCloud and choose the "Manage..." option. In the next pane, choose Backups and delete those you don't need in the same way as on iOS.
How to put iCloud Drive on a diet
Both Macs and iOS devices use iCloud to store app data and important files.
Recent Macs can use iCloud to automatically sync and store contents of both the Desktop and the Downloads folder. Once these items are made available there, you can access them from any other Apple device, so long as you are logged in using the same Apple ID. You can also access those items online using a web browser.
This is a useful feature, but if you want to limit your iCloud data, you disable this on your Mac in System Preferences>iCloud>iCloud Drive. There, you click the Options button and then untick the Desktop & Documents folders. In the future, these items will not be stored in iCloud – though existing items will remain. To remove those older Desktop and Downloads items from iCloud drive, you must manually save them to your Mac:
In Finder, open iCloud Drive and locate the Documents or Downloads folder.
Open a new Finder window, choose Go>Home
Now drag and drop items from iCloud Drive to your Home directory. The files will be downloaded to and saved on your Mac. The process may take a while, depending on how much bandwidth and how much data you need to shift.
You can then delete the items from iCloud Drive.
Don't forget, these items will no longer be available across your other devices unless you move them to another service that syncs across all your systems.
Save your Files elsewhere
macOS and iOS devices both support third-party online storage services such as Box, Dropbox or Microsoft One Drive (which offers 1TB of free storage with an Office 365 subscription). Apple's Files app for iOS also supports third-party services including Box, Dropbox and OneDrive. The support makes it seamless: install the relevant storage app on your device, log-in, and you'll be able to access any data you have stored in those non-iCloud services using the Files app. You no longer need to save those files in iCloud. You can also use Dropbox and OneDrive to automatically save your photos and other images, further reducing your reliance on iCloud.
Apple The Files app in iOS 11 allows you to keep track of files no matter which Apple device they're on – and it works with third-party cloud storage providers.
What about app data?
Do you use every iCloud service? Think about only relying on essential services that you really need to sync between devices in real time, things like Contacts and Calendars, for example. These useful services don't consume much storage but do provide a great deal of convenience. You can control which Apple services save to iCloud in settings, just untick those you don't need to disable them.
You can also consider alternatives. For example, Apple's Notes application is becoming an increasingly capable competitor to Evernote – but if you only keep a few notes, you can use the latter's free service to replace Notes in iCloud.
Apple
There are also numerous apps that save data in iCloud. To find out which ones do so on a Mac, go to System Preferences>iCloud>iCloud Drive; on an iOS device, you control these in Settings>Apple ID>iCloud. Uncheck the apps you don't want saving data in iCloud in the list you find. Since you may lose some functionality, do a little research on a per-app basis first.
KUALA LUMPUR South Korean conglomerate Lotte Group plans to list its Malaysian petrochemical unit in the third quarter, company filings show, in an initial public offering that sources say could raise as much as $1.5 billion.
The listing could be one of the biggest IPOs in years in Malaysia, which has not seen any listing of $1 billion and above since the $1.5 billion IPO of Astro Malaysia Holdings (ASTR.KL) in 2012.
In a filing on the Korea Exchange on Tuesday, the conglomerate's unit, Lotte Chemical Corp (011170.KS), said it plans to list subsidiary Lotte Chemical Titan Holding on the Bursa Malaysia stock exchange.
Lotte Chemical said it plans to offer up to 740.48 million shares in its Malaysian unit, with an over-allotment option for up to 55.54 million shares.
It listed the target IPO date as the third quarter of 2017 and said proceeds will be used to build a naphtha cracker in Indonesia and a polypropylene plant in Malaysia, as well as to expand its cracker facility in Malaysia.
The IPO was originally planned for last year but was shelved following revelations of South Korea's investigations into alleged fraud at Lotte Group.
Maybank Investment Bank Bhd, Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan are joint global coordinators on the deal, while CIMB Investment Bank, HSBC and Nomura are joint bookrunners.
Lotte Chemical said the size and pricing of IPO is yet to be determined.
Two sources familiar with the matter said the company is looking to raise $1-$1.5 billion in the IPO. The sources did not want to be identified as the talks are private.
One source said the IPO prospectus will likely be listed on the Malaysian securities regulator's website for review within days.
Lotte Chemical Titan did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
(Reporting by Liz Lee and A. Ananthalakshmi; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Abuja – Stephen Eze on Wednesday gave voice to his disappointment at not making the Super Eagles' Russia 2018 World Cup list, after being dropped from the trip to England.
Eze, alongside home-based forward Junior Lokosa, goalkeeper Dele Ajiboye and defender Uche Agbo were shown the exit door following a 26-man provisional list released on Wednesday.
The PFC Lokomotiv Plodiv defender took to his twitter handle @defendlikeeze thereafter to express his sadness.
“Sadly, my journey to (the) World Cup ends here.
“I am disappointed not to make the final squad, but I want to thank our coach and management for the opportunity.
“I wish my team the best and hope to join in celebrations when they bring the trophy home,” the tweet read.
The team will subsequently be reduced to 23 as they face the Three Lions of England on Saturday.
The team is also billed to face the Czech Republic in Austria on June 6 in their final friendly ahead of the 2018 FIFA World Cup which gets underway on June 14.(NAN)
April 13 Global Self Storage Inc:
* Financial & Investment Management Group reports a 12.38 percent passive stake in Global Self Storage Inc as of March 31, 2017 - SEC filing Source text: (bit.ly/2pctYTj) Further company coverage:
(Adds comments on interest rates, peso and U.S.-Mexico relationship)
By Alexandra Alper
WASHINGTON, April 20 Mexico's central bank governor Agustin Carstens signaled on Thursday that the bank's cycle of monetary tightening might not be over, saying that there were "still some issues that need to be taken care of."
Speaking at an event in Washington, Banco de Mexico chief Carstens said the bank had mostly fulfilled its role of preventing price increases from becoming generalized, and that inflation expectations had largely stabilized.
But he added that markets still needed some convincing that inflation was well-anchored.
"We are happy with what we have achieved," Carstens said when asked if the bank's tightening cycle was over, "but there are still some issues that need to be taken care of."
"I would say the gap between where we want to be and where we are has been decreasing," Cartens said.
Banco de Mexico had increased the benchmark interest rate to a nearly 8-year high with a string of 50-basis point hikes before introducing a smaller increase, 25 points, in its last board meeting.
Carstens said the bank had moved quickly to adjust interest rates above U.S. interest rates, which he said was key to helping stabilize the exchange rate.
Earlier this month, Carstens said that Banco de Mexico may stop reacting to decisions by the U.S. Federal Reserve, depending on the evolution of inflation expectations.
Carstens said that the peso is still undervalued and does not fully reflect the fundamentals of Mexico. The U.S.-Mexico relationship has evolved favorably and should continue to improve, he added.
The peso hit record lows following Donald Trump's victory in the November U.S. presidential election but has recovered in recent weeks to about 18.8 per dollar as recent comments from U.S. officials suggested a softer approach to Mexico.
In an interview late on Wednesday, Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade told Reuters that the peso is "quite competitive" and could strengthen further despite likely bouts of volatility.
Mexico sends about 80 percent of its exports to the United States, and Trump's threats to ditch the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) that underpins commerce in the region sparked fears of a sharp downturn in the economy.
Lately, though, those concerns have eased somewhat.
Carstens said any renegotiation of NAFTA could result in a win-win for Mexico and the United States. He added that inflation had moved out of the central bank's 2 to 4 percent target range because of changes to gasoline prices and the nominal exchange rate. (Reporting by Alexandra Alper; Editing by Bernard Orr)
* "No silver bullet" to prevent downgrade - finmin
* Gigaba committed to fiscal discipline, consolidation
* Says government will not spend money it does not have
* Gigaba to meet investors at IMF meetings in U.S.
* S&P, Fitch downgrades came after cabinet changes (Adds quotes, details)
By Wendell Roelf
CAPE TOWN, April 13 South Africa's new finance minister pledged on Thursday to do what he can to keep the country from a third credit downgrade to junk status, saying he would meet ratings firm Moody's to persuade it he will stay on the path of fiscal discipline.
Malusi Gigaba, who replaced the respected Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle that triggered credit downgrades to sub-investment by S&P Global Ratings and Fitch, told local investors he would clarify the Treasury's policy positions to Moody's during an upcoming roadshow overseas.
"We will do all we can to avoid another downgrade and one of the ways to do that is to engage with Moody's directly, to demonstrate our willingness to stay the course in terms of fiscal discipline and fiscal consolidation," Gigaba told reporters after meeting investors in parliament.
But he added: "There is no silver bullet in this regard. Nothing is taken for granted and nothing is taken as a guarantee."
Gigaba later told the national broadcaster he would tell investors attending an International Monetary Fund meeting in the United States next week that the economy was showing signs of recovery and the government would not spend money it did not have "whatever the social pressures may be".
The cabinet reshuffle by President Jacob Zuma, who is mid-way through his second five-year term ending in 2019, has roiled domestic financial markets and battered the rand.
The opposition has called on Zuma to resign and held protests to force him out of office.
Gigaba, formerly minister of home affairs, said he had briefed Zuma on the implications of the downgrades which could hit the poor hard, as higher debt costs could lead to less money for services such as sanitation and housing.
Inflation was also likely to rise and consumer spending decrease as essentials such as transport and food cost more, analysts said.
Gigaba said state firms such as power utility Eskom, national airline SAA, have relied on costly government bailouts.
"In our engagement with the president, we indicated that commitment to stick to the budget as presented in the national assembly in February and to ensure that we pay attention to the governance of state-owned companies," said Gigaba.
"It is a difficult space for everybody given the fiscal constraints, the slow growth in the economy, even though our economy is expected to grow more than it has done last, but It's still very slow growth not creating sufficient volumes of jobs required."
Gigaba said a new director general for the Treasury would be appointed in May, to replace Lungisa Fuzile who resigned after the cabinet reshuffle. (Editing by James Macharia/Jeremy Gaunt)
Michele Malooley, President, PCAHU
Contact
Claire Teller
***@avaplans.com Claire Teller
End
-- Michele Malooley of Palm Coast Association of Health Underwriters (PCAHU) recently received the Dan Yount Outstanding Floridian of the Year Award at the Florida Association of Health Underwriters' (FAHU) Annual Educational Symposium and Exhibition in Palm Beach Gardens Florida.This award is presented annually to a member who has contributed outstanding service to the Florida State Chapter. "Michele has time and again stepped up to enhance the programming and communications for the State Chapter", said Debbie Hollister, wcj FAHU Awards Chair.Ms. Malooley joined the National Association of Health Underwriters (NAHU) in 1993. In her prior positions with the Association she served as Ways and Means Chair, Vice President, and President Elect. Michele is a Certified Senior Advisor (CSA) and a member of NAHU's Leading Producer Round Table (LPRT).The Palm Coast Association of Health Underwriters represents all professional health insurance agents and brokers who provide insurance to thousands of Floridians. For more information visit our website at http://pcahu.org/ index.php
DETROIT (AP) — Dennis Edwards, a Grammy-winning former member of the famed Motown group The Temptations, has died. He was 74.
Edwards died Thursday in Chicago after a long illness, said Rosiland Triche Roberts, his longtime booking agent.
Edwards replaced founding member David Ruffin in 1968, and his soulful, passionate voice defined the group for years. A member on and off for about two decades, he was part of the lineup that released hits "Ball of Confusion (That's What The World Is Today)," ''Cloud Nine" and the chart-topping "Papa Was A Rollin' Stone."
He possessed a "voice for the ages," with great range, energy and artistry, Paul Riser, a Motown arranger and musician who worked with Edwards during the label's Detroit heyday and on subsequent projects, told The Associated Press. "That voice was just flat-out outstanding — very well-defined."
Advertisement
Edwards was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame with the rest of The Temptations in 1989.
In the 1990s, a federal judge barred him from performing under his former band's name. Otis Williams, the band's lone original member, sued Edwards for trademark infringement after he had used variations that included "The New Temptations." He was allowed to use "The Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards," and performed under that name for nearly two decades, according to Roberts.
"He is now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to his family," Williams said in a statement Friday. "At this moment and always, we acknowledge his extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music."
Motown star Smokey Robinson said in a statement that he was saddened "that another Motown soldier is gone."
"Rest in Peace my brother," he said. "You were a great talent."
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Edwards lived near St. Louis with his wife, Brenda. He would have turned 75 on Saturday.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
Birmingham Gunman Jailed Through Facial Mapping Technology
21 year-old Chad Greatbatch had already been jailed for possessing a firearm and drugs supply.
A gunman's been jailed for 25 years for shooting a man in the chest at point blank range in Birmingham.
21 year-old Chad Greatbatch, who'd already been jailed for six and a half years for possessing a firearm and drugs supply, was tracked down through facial mapping technology after CCTV caught him in the act.
The victim was sat in a parked car in Selly Oak at the time of the shooting last July.
The sentence will run consecutively to his current jail term which means he faces more than 30 years behind bars.
Investigating officer, Detective Constable Gareth Johnson, said: “The motive for the shooting is not exactly clear – but it was a targeted attack understood to be connected to drug dealing.
“What is for certain is that the victim had a near miraculous escape: the bullet travelled through his chest yet he managed to get out of the car and run for help.
“Despite coming close to being killed, the victim refused to co-operate with the enquiry – but just because a victim won't talk to us does not mean we can't push for a prosecution and conviction.
“We had Greatbatch in police custody just a few days after the shooting and he has now been taken out of society for a very long time and no longer poses a danger.
“Facial mapping is just one of the tools available to detectives these days and is helping us achieve convictions against dangerous offenders and make sure they can't evade justice.”
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — It's not golf weather in Iowa and most courses are closed for the season, but many lovers of the sport may already be thinking ahead to next spring and the Iowa PGA Golf Pass which went on sale this week.
Thomas Hutton, executive director of the Iowa PGA, says the pass — which benefits the American Cancer Society — offers free or big discounts at many dozens of golf courses across Iowa and western Illinois during 2018.
“It's a great way for people that want to find a great deal and play a lot of different golf courses throughout the golf season,” Hutton says. “With over 250 facilities in it, we have golf courses in all parts of Iowa, so no matter where you live, you can definitely find a nice opportunity to play.” By purchasing the golf pass, Hutton says Iowa golfers can potentially save thousands of dollars on green fees, cart rentals, range balls, merchandise, and golf lessons.
“If you buy the book and use it one or two times, you get your money back,” Hutton says. “It's a great value for the customer and it's a great opportunity to play lots of golf.” Two versions of the pass are available, one that's printed and another that you can access from your smartphone.
“The hardcopy book is $45 and the electronic version is $40 but we are constantly running promotions for $10 off,” Hutton says. “Simply enter the code when you're purchasing the book and you'll get $10 off. The hardcopy's $35 and the electronic copy goes down to $30.”
Fifteen-percent of every purchase goes to the American Cancer Society to help support the programs and services offered across Iowa, including rides to treatment, lodging when traveling for treatment and ongoing research. In the past five years, Hutton says Golf Pass sales have generated more than $85,000 for the charity.
http://www.iowapgagolfpass.com/
Images: Some of the best pictures from the New Year's weekend
hello
This weekend, Daily Herald photographers ventured out to some of the area's best local events. Here are some of the best images from our staff that you may have missed including New Year's Eve parties, Polar Bear plunges and the first baby of the year.
Gilbert R. Boucher II | Staff Photographer Cubs fan Diane Cullen of Grayslake comes out of the lake after participating in the 18th Annual Polar Bear Plunge on New Year's Day at the Waukegan Municipal Beach. The event was sponsored by the City of Waukegan and the Waukegan Park District to support the Special Recreation Services of Northern Lake County.
Gilbert R. Boucher II | Staff Photographer Recently married couple Eric Eggan and Rachel Johnson of Waukegan hold hands as they rush through the water during the 18th Annual Polar Bear Plunge on New Year's Day at the Waukegan Municipal Beach. The event was sponsored by the City of Waukegan and the Waukegan Park District to support the Special Recreation Services of Northern Lake County.
Gilbert R. Boucher II | Staff Photographer Waukegan resident D.J. Allen bundles up as he watches the 18th Annual Polar Bear Plunge on New Year's Day at the Waukegan Municipal Beach. The event was sponsored by the City of Waukegan and the Waukegan Park District to support the Special Recreation Services of Northern Lake County.
Gilbert R. Boucher II | Staff Photographer Divers from the Waukegan Fire Department greet plungers during the 18th Annual Polar Bear Plunge on New Year's Day at the Waukegan Municipal Beach. The event was sponsored by the City of Waukegan and the Waukegan Park District to support the Special Recreation Services of Northern Lake County.
Gilbert R. Boucher II | Staff Photographer Cubs fans Ellen, 27, and Aaron Dalbey, 29, of Roselle hold their newborn baby, Wrigley Rose -- named in honor of the Chicago Cubs -- at Alexian Brothers Medical Center in Elk Grove Village. Wrigley was born at 12:12 a.m. Sunday weighing in at 5 pounds, 12 ounces and 19 inches long,
Gilbert R. Boucher II | Staff Photographer Wrigley Rose Dalbey -- named in honor of the Chicago Cubs -- was born to Ellen, 27, and Aaron Dalbey, 29, of Roselle at Alexian Brothers Medical Center in Elk Grove Village. Wrigley was born at 12:12 a.m. Sunday weighing in at 5 pounds, 12 ounces and 19 inches long,
Mark Black | Staff Photographer Mark Spreyer, Executive Director of the Stillman Nature Center leads the annual New Year's Day walk along the Stillman's trails in South Barrington.
Mark Black | Staff Photographer Tony Manos of Arlington Heights uses his binoculars looking for some of the few birds that are around this time of year, during he annual New Year's Day walk at the Stillman Nature Center.
Mark Black | Staff Photographer A Chickadee was spotted during he annual New Year's Day walk along at the Stillman Nature Center.
Mark Black | Staff Photographer World Peace Day Interfaith Prayer service keynote speaker Rev. Dr. JoAnne Marie Terrell speaks Sunday at North Central College's Wentz Concert Hall.
Mark Black | Staff Photographer Women from the Sikh Coalition perform during the annual World Peace Day Interfaith Prayer service at North Central College's Wentz Concert Hall, Sunday.
Mark Black | Staff Photographer The Midwest Ismaili Choir perform "We Are the World" Sunday during the World Peace Day Interfaith Prayer service at North Central College's Wentz Concert Hall.
Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer Gabriella Chichizola sneaks up behind Juan Friguglietti and takes a spinning plate from him as he visits with children in the audience during the Noon New Year's Eve Pocket Circus at the Fremont Public Library in Mundelein Saturday.
Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer Grace Zhou, 6, of Vernon Hills spins a plate with the help of Juan Friguglietti during the Noon New Year's Eve Pocket Circus at the Fremont Public Library in Mundelein Saturday.
Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer Performer Juan Friguglietti helps Avery Gollwitzer take a bow after she cam on stage to dance during the Noon New Year's Eve Pocket Circus at the Fremont Public Library in Mundelein Saturday.
Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer Sara Cieply, 6, of Arlington Heights makes a crown to go with her dress during the Almost New Years Party at the Arlington Heights Memorial Library Saturday.
Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer Jacob Nadulbek, 3-1/2, of Buffalo Grove and his sister Lily, 5, wear paper crowns they made during the Almost New Years Party at the Arlington Heights Memorial Library Saturday.
Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer Children dance with the direction of library assistant Amy Belford during the Almost New Years Party at the Arlington Heights Memorial Library Saturday.
Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer Marissa Raymond, 5, of Schaumburg lets her younger sister, Kendall, 3, handle the driving during the Schaumburg Park District's Itsy bitsy New Year's Eve Countdown at the Sports Center Saturday.
Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer Maxwell Taylor, 4, of Roselle bowls during the Schaumburg Park District's Itsy bitsy New Year's Eve Countdown at the Sports Center Saturday.
Paul Michna | Staff Photographer Henry Muno, 4, (foreground) and his brother Ben Muno, 3, of Geneva welcome in the new year at the Noon Year's Day celebration for families at the Geneva library Saturday.
Paul Michna | Staff Photographer Will Crowley, 4, of Geneva does new year crafts at the Noon Year's Day celebration for families at the Geneva library Saturday.
Paul Michna | Staff Photographer Steve Spear celebrated his birthday by raising money for clean water in Africa by running a 1K lap for every year of his life on Saturday with friends in Wheaton.
While one's home oral hygiene routine provides defence against tooth decay and gum disease, regular professional care from the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist is also a necessity.
[LONDON, 4/7/2018] – A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist can provide the full range of oral health care. Cosmetic dentistry, urgent repairs and restorations, and regular preventive treatments are all on offer from the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist.
Different kinds of treatment
The twice-yearly visit to the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist is a crucial part of good oral health. When gum disease and tooth decay begin to take hold, the early signs are too discreet for the patient to notice at home. The skill and experience of a Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist means they can intervene with treatment before disease causes unnecessary harm. The Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist can also advise the patient on how to adjust their tooth brushing regime to maximise its effectiveness.
Aesthetic reasons often cause people to visit the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist. Chipped teeth and tooth discolouration are common occurrences that can negatively affect the way a person feels about their appearance. Treatment for these conditions is speedy and effective.
The teeth whitening process turns a funny-looking smile into one that's fresh and bright. Patients can select the particular shade of white they want for their smile, and the straightforward procedure leaves them with a fresh-feeling mouth.
Improvements
When a person has one or more teeth missing in London, they can have legitimate oral health concerns as well as cosmetic dissatisfaction. Gaps in the smile are usually not pleasant to look at. A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist has a range of tooth replacement methods including bridges and dentures. Dental implants are joined with the patient's jawbone to provide properly anchored replacement teeth that do their jobs with natural stability.
Looking ahead
A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist can enhance the alignment of a patient's teeth to improve their effectiveness as well as their appearance. Modern-day braces and aligners are designed to be nearly invisible, so the patient avoids the social discomfort associated with traditional metal braces.
A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist aims to improve a person's overall health by professionally caring for their teeth and gums.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
As the US continues to move forward on diplomatic negotiations with North Korea, assessments from US intelligence agencies and several reports from satellite imagery analysts emerged this week providing evidence that Pyongyang is continuing to expand weapons production capability, which Washington says poses a threat to the US and its allies in Asia.
Some of the reports suggested that the Kim regime was expanding weapons production facilities even as it made tentative statements promising to "denuclearize" in the run up to the June 12 summit in Singapore between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump.
Read more: Opinion: Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un's summit of friendliness
A report published recently by NBC News, citing unnamed US officials, said US intelligence agencies "believe North Korea has increased production of fuel for nuclear weapons at multiple secret sites in recent months and may try to hide these while seeking concessions in talks with the United States."
Another US official was quoted saying there is "absolutely unequivocal evidence" that North Korea was trying to "deceive" the US.
"The intelligence community assessment that North Korea is taking steps to deceive the United States would be consistent with regime behavior during all previous diplomatic negotiations," Bruce Klinger, a former CIA division chief for Korea and senior research fellow for Northeast Asia at the Heritage Foundation in Washington, told DW.
However, Klinger emphasized that expanding production of fissile material did not violate the US-North Korea joint declaration signed in Singapore. "No real denuclearization agreement has yet been reached," he said.
"As the US seeks to put meat on the meager bones of the Singapore Communique, it needs to emulate the lengthy, detailed treaty text and robust verification regimes of arms control treaties with the Soviet Union rather than the flawed North Korean agreements of the past," added Klinger.
Read more: Donald Trump-Kim Jong-un summit: North Korea commits to 'complete denuclearization'
Watch video 26:00 Now live 26:00 mins. Share Kim & Trump: Big Deal? Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2za4z Kim & Trump: Big Deal?
'Very clear' expectations from Washington
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is heading to North Korea on Thursday for the first round of talks following the June summit. According to a US State Department press briefing, the visit will center on "consultations with the North Korean government" about what Trump and Kim "agreed to" in Singapore.
State Department Spokeswoman Heather Nauert said that North Korea was "very clear" in terms of US expectations and Secretary Pompeo would be "very blunt" in what he "expects from the North Koreans."
Read more: Mike Pompeo: US ready to help make North Korea rich if it gives up nukes
Pompeo tweeted before the Singapore summit that the US remained "committed to the complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula." This is commonly referred to as "CIVD."
After the summit on June 13, he told reporters in Seoul, "I hope we'll see — you used the term 'major disarmament' — yes, we're hopeful that we can achieve that in the next two and a half years."
"Secretary of State Pompeo will need to get Pyongyang to publicly and unambiguously embrace the CVID concept and accept extensive inspections if the Trump administration is going to achieve real denuclearization," said analyst Klinger.
'Complete denuclearization?'
President Trump's statements since the Singapore summit indicate the administration wants to capitalize on the political significance of the meeting. While dialogue itself is a breakthrough, there has yet to be any indication that North Korea is diminishing its weapons program, despite concessions from the US.
Directly after the summit, Trump tweeted that "there is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea." Yesterday, the US leader declared, "If not for me, we would be at war with North Korea."
Despite Trump's assertions, a recent report released by 38 North, a North Korea research and analysis website run by the Stimson Center think tank in Washington, concluded that Pyongyang was carrying out upgrades to North Korea's Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center.
The report said that "commercial satellite imagery from June 21" indicated "improvements to the infrastructure" at Yongbyon were "continuing at a rapid pace." This included the completion of a cooling system for the plutonium production reactor.
Slowing down production?
Jenny Town, Managing Editor at 38 North, told DW that it would be incorrect to assume that Pyongyang would slow down its weapons production capability ahead of any agreements with the US. The pace of North Korea's scaling down of weapons production would depend on the content and outcome of negotiations, all of which remain uncertain.
"The only definitive take away from the imagery is that work, which had started at these sites prior to the summit, did not stop immediately. It would have been actually quite surprising if it had," said Town, adding that new unpublished imagery acquired on Tuesday by 38 North appears to show that work at the site had slowed.
"We would expect that trend to continue and no new projects to be started," she said, adding that work at the major facilities should "begin to slow or stop as negotiations progress."
Read more: From Little Rocket Man to denuclearization: A timeline of US-North Korea relations under Kim Jong-un
Trump-Kim summit: South Koreans wary of losing US defense assurance
Sieren's China: Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un choose peace
"However, until the agreement is settled, I would expect that some level of activity at these sites, even if it's just for maintenance, is likely to continue."
Another image analysis released on July 2, by the Middlebury Institute of International Studies, shows that North Korea is expanding an important missile production site at the Chemical Material Institute in Hamhung. According to the report, the facility produces essential parts for solid-fueled missiles, including the Pukgugsong series.
Watch video 12:00 Now live 12:00 mins. Share Korea: Hope for a divided country Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2zfMY Korea: Hope for a divided country
Unrealistic timelines from the US
On Sunday, President Trump's National Security Advisor John Bolton told CBS that the US could "move very quickly" and that Secretary Pompeo would discuss with the North Koreans "how to dismantle all of their weapons of mass destruction and ballistic missile programs in a year."
Experts say this assessment vastly underestimates the state of North Korea's capability.
"North Korea's nuclear program and program infrastructure is quite extensive with many unknowns," said Town, adding that technical experts with deep knowledge of North Korea's nuclear program give estimates of between five and 10 years to "engineer complete, verifiable dismantling of the nuclear and ballistic missile infrastructure."
Read more: SIPRI: Nuclear weapons are still being developed
"Politically, there is no trust between the US and North Korea. Pyongyang would therefore be reluctant to dismantle its core nuclear capabilities and become vulnerable to US (and South Korean) policy shifts in the future, especially as administrations change," she said.
"Despite Trump's claim that 'there is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea,' there has been no diminution in Pyongyang's arsenal or programs," said Klinger.
"The regime continues to have an estimated arsenal of more than 30 nuclear weapons, missiles that can already threaten South Korea and Japan with nuclear weapons and, according to then-CIA Director and current Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, is only a 'handful of months' away from having the ability to target the entire United States with nuclear weapons," he added.
"President Trump's claim that the North Korea nuclear problem is solved is premature to say the least."
FILE PHOTO: The Canary Wharf financial district is seen at dusk in London, Britain November 7, 2014. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON Britain's financial sector is drawing up proposals on how it could still serve EU clients after Brexit, even as firms begin establishing new operations on the continent to keep access to the European market.
Regulatory and banking experts working for the City of London and lobby group TheCityUK are basing their ideas on a 'mutual recognition' system. Under this, the European Union and Britain would broadly accept firms in each other's financial markets because their home regulatory systems apply similar standards.
Such a system might limit what is likely to be a flow of business and jobs from the London financial center, by far Europe's biggest, to countries that remain in the EU.
However, skeptics say mutual recognition is largely untested globally and would struggle to win approval within the EU, where there are already calls to make it harder for British financial firms to operate in the bloc, not easier, after Brexit.
Undaunted, the experts on the International Regulatory Strategy Group (IRSG) will set out their proposals in a forthcoming paper. This aims to provide ideas for British negotiators after Prime Minister Theresa May formally notified Brussels on Wednesday of her country's intention to seek a divorce from the remaining 27 EU member states.
"You are saying the outcomes from the UK and EU27 regulatory systems are broadly comparable and this is the way to go forward," IRSG Chairman Mark Hoban told Reuters.
Some British financial firms - and foreign banks using London as a European base - are already working on plans to move jobs to centers such as Frankfurt, Dublin, Paris and Luxembourg for after Britain loses its blanket "passporting" rights to sell financial services in the EU single market.
Germany, however, says they will not be offered any special exemption from regulations.
GRAPHIC - Banks' Brexit dilemma tmsnrt.rs/2mQI774
GRAPHIC - Britain's banking economy tmsnrt.rs/2nrufUG
A BETTER BASIS
Firms from outside the EU are already allowed some access to the single market under an 'equivalence' system, provided the European Commission deems their home rules and supervision to be equivalent in strictness. Britain could therefore technically qualify as a "third country" under this system after Brexit.
In practice the system is cumbersome. It operates firm-by-firm, does not cover all activities, has no fixed timetable for approvals and authorizations can be canceled at short notice, bankers say. It took four years for the EU to deem just one set of U.S. derivatives clearing rules to be equivalent as talks got bogged down over technical details.
"It's very clear that the third country model doesn't work for the UK. There has to be a new basis on which trade is done cross-border between the UK and EU27," said Hoban. "The focus on mutual recognition of regulatory outcomes is a much better basis for continuing to trade cross-border."
The hope is that a mutual recognition deal with the EU would be much more comprehensive, encompassing large numbers of firms and business areas rather than the current piecemeal approach.
May told parliament on Wednesday she wanted a "bold and ambitious" trade deal covering economic affairs with the bloc within the two-year period of negotiations.
PILOT
Hoban said mutual recognition would avoid Britain becoming a "rule taker", as equivalence in practice means cutting and pasting EU rules into domestic law without any say in their framing, as Switzerland has to do.
It would also be flexible enough to cope with two evolving regulatory systems over time, said Hoban, a former junior finance minister.
Past attempts at mutual recognition have achieved little. In 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission struck a pilot deal with its Australian counterpart ASIC, but this expired after five years and has not been renewed.
The EU opened talks on a similar Mutual Recognition Agreement (MRA) with the United States but these fizzled out without a deal after the global financial crisis.
"We started exploring the legal complexities, which were considerable," said David Wright, a senior European Commission official at the time. "Many of the problems back then would be faced by a UK-EU MRA as well."
Regulators and lawmakers in the EU say the focus should be on toughening up the equivalence system as this will need to cater for London, which will lie on its doorstep but outside its control, in contrast to smaller centers further afield.
"For the EU27, the key question will be how to deal with relevant risks from what will have to be thought of as a very large offshore financial center," said Jakob von Weizsaecker, a German Social Democrat.
"Controlling those risks will require a more robust third country equivalence regime," said von Weizsaecker, a member of the European Parliament which will have a veto on any new trade deal with Britain.
Gerard Rameix, who chairs French markets regulator AMF, wants a more demanding equivalence system with Britain, given potentially huge volumes of financial transactions. "Thus the third country regime must be carefully re-assessed within the Brexit context," Rameix said.
Hoban said there was an appetite in the EU to talk about financial services trading models like mutual recognition.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has promised the Brexit negotiations will be conducted fairly, without seeking punishment of Britain for leaving.
Dan Waters, managing director of ICI Global, a funds industry body, was optimistic Britain could get a special deal with the EU. But he said: "The worry is that the review of third country arrangements could be a smokescreen for introducing a more demanding third country regime to punish the UK."
Kay Swinburne, a British Conservative member of the European Parliament, said that while there was no appetite in the EU for the terminology of mutual recognition in financial services, there was an interest in how to find a platform that encourages future regulatory convergence.
"There is a need for a formal regulatory forum with possibly an arbitration service alongside," Swinburne said.
(editing by David Stamp)
Jerome (P-Alimony) Gails Appointed To Oversee New Record Label
VMG LOGO
Media Contact
Ron Biggs - Versitile Entertainment
info@versitilent.com Ron Biggs - Versitile Entertainment
End
-- Versitile Entertainment, full service Entertainment Company for Independent Artists has just expanded their company by launching a record label Versitile Music Group (VMG). Jerome (P-Alimony) Gails has been appointed by Versitile Entertainment to oversee the label and showcase the best in Entertainment in all Genres. Jerome who is a well respected musician originally from Harlem has worked with Ron Biggs since 2003 as an artist, producer and on air radio personality as well as VP of VE is poised to take VMG to another level with his expertise in the Entertainment Industry.Currently as an on air radio personality every Friday evening at Burlington, Vermont WBTV-LP 99.3 FM with his weekly show North Star Associates, the #1 Urban Show in Vermont, he has a very keen way of bringing the best out of artists from interviews, showcases, and teaching the correct way of succeeding in the Industry.VMG will be distributed through The Orchard / Sony Music via Versitile Entertainment.JGails@Versitilent.com
Server room (source: kewl ).
Register for the O'Reilly Velocity Conference in San Jose, June 19-22 to hear Dinesh Dutt speak. Use code ORM20 to save 20% on your conference pass (Gold, Silver, and Bronze passes).
I recently sat down with Dinesh Dutt, chief scientist at Cumulus Networks, to discuss how data centers have changed in recent years, new tools and techniques for network engineers, and what the future may hold for data center networking. Here are some highlights from our talk.
How have data centers evolved over the past few years?
Modern data centers have come a long way from when I first began working on them in 2007. Pioneers such as Google and Amazon started a trend that many others now try to emulate.
First, more people are embracing the Clos network topology and routing as the fundamental rubric of the modern data center. This is true of even conservative enterprises. The biggest impediment to making this change is having legacy applications that still assume bridging as the network interconnect, and assume broadcast and multicast as common application discovery and heartbeat mechanisms. Modern data centers have either entirely banished multicast or relegated it to a rack level service. And they charge more for these services on a larger scale.
Second, automation is more ubiquitously embraced as a mandatory requirement rather than a nice to have. While some are still unsure how to start, their desire for automation is clear and is evidenced by tools such as Ansible being enhanced to deal with automating networking equipment.
Third, disaggregated solutions or white box switching, where the hardware and software are acquired separately from different vendors, is steadily gaining ground. Traditional vendors are starting to dip their toes into this pool, like server vendors did in the late 90s world of PCs and x86.
Along with disaggregated switches, people are starting to understand the logic, benefits and simplicity of fixed-form factor switches instead of large modular chassis.
From an applications perspective, I see the rise of microservices and containers as a fast growing trend. People are pushing features such as security into the application instead of letting it be part of networking. Needless to say, some basic traffic isolation is still provided by networks, but not to the extent that older solutions prescribed.
What are some of the traditional approaches to troubleshooting networks?
Traditionally, network operators troubleshoot using tools such as ping and traceroute and open multiple terminal windows, each connected to a different node, to diagnose each box. In other words, they try to build a fabric-wide picture using a box-by-box approach. This traditional approach is still true of many modern data centers because of the dearth of tools in this area. Networking is still largely an appliance-based model rather than a platform model, preventing anybody but the vendor from developing the appropriate tools. Vendors are not operators and often lack the perspective of network operators.
A network operator's life is not easy, and trends such as SDN have not really helped. While we have started automating configuration management, we have not gone much beyond that. Don't get me wrong; the largest data centers have modernized their network operations to extend automation beyond configuration, but not many others.
When things go wrong, the network operator is typically manually running a checklist to troubleshoot the problem. We need to codify and automate network operations beyond just configuration.
What are some of the new tools and techniques that network engineers should be aware of?
Ping and traceroute have started supporting multipathing, which is the availability of multiple paths to reach a destination and is a characteristic of modern data centers. There are also newer tools such as scamper that handle the presentation of information somewhat better than ping and traceroute. And large scale network operators use tools such as Pingmesh and Norad to quickly troubleshoot problems.
But it is the rise of open networking that has the greatest potential. I say this because system administrators have many tools to help identify problems, whereas network administrators have tools limited by SNMP. With Linux powering routers and switches, networking devices now offer an open platform that allows people to treat routers and switches much like servers that have many network interface cards. The accessibility of this type of platform empowers network administrators to develop their own breed of tools. Even simple metrics gathering is becoming possible without SNMP. But this area is immature and still developing. I have been working on a tool to help validate and troubleshoot networks that I'll cover in the talk I'm giving at Velocity.
What do you see as the future of data center networking?
In a single word: consilience. I see a world where network and compute (and storage) are managed similarly, with each leveraging the tools and expertise of the other domains. With an open platform powering each, we no longer have to solve the same problem twice (once for networking, and once for compute). Often, the two solutions are vastly different for no reason other than history. Computing was opened up when Linux replaced the proprietary server OSes; this changed the application landscape as we know it. I think solutions such as clouds and the Google search would have been harder to invent if not for the widespread use of Linux. For too long people have innovated around networks, not with them. If networking can be opened up as computing has been, and if people can innovate with the network rather than around it, I think networking and computing as we know it can change dramatically.
You're speaking at the O'Reilly Velocity Conference in San Jose this month. What presentations are you looking forward to attending while there?
There are a lot of interesting titles. The ones I'm currently interested in are Lessons and best practices learned from monitoring next-generation infrastructure, Scheduling deep dive for orchestration systems, Building a skyscraper with Legos: The anatomy of a distributed system and The over-under on container networking.
Bitcoin's rollercoaster ride has taken another plunge, and India may be to blame.
The price of bitcoin dropped below $8,000 on Friday before recovering slightly. It had slumped Thursday following a new broadside against cryptocurrencies from Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
By Saturday morning, the price of the cryptocurrency had rebounded to $9,239, according to Coindesk. That's still a far cry from the near $20,000 price it reached in December.
India will "take all measures to eliminate the use of these crypto assets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payment system," Jaitley said in his annual budget speech.
While India's cryptocurrency market is still relatively small, analysts say it has the potential to grow rapidly as bigger markets such as China and South Korea enact their own crackdowns.
Related: Samsung is cashing in on bitcoin mining
The Indian government has been cautioning its citizens about digital currencies for months. In late December, the finance ministry compared them to "Ponzi schemes." India's central bank has issued multiple warnings that cryptocurrencies have no official backing and people who trade in them do so "at their own risk."
Growing signs that the government and central bank could soon unveil regulations has made the industry jittery.
Indian banks have reportedly suspended accounts of top bitcoin exchanges like Zebpay, Unocoin and Coinsecure.
Unocoin said it had not faced any banking challenges, while Zebpay and Coinsecure did not respond to requests for comment. The banks either declined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment.
But a person with knowledge of the matter confirmed that at least one of Coinsecure's accounts had been suspended, telling CNNMoney that it was done as part of a "due diligence process."
Related: $530 million cryptocurrency heist may be the biggest ever
"These negative events play deeply into the fear factor of traders," Raj Chowdhury, CEO of cryptocurrency firm HashCash Consultants, told CNNMoney. HashCash provides remittance services and payment systems to banks and companies across dozens of countries, and also operates its own cryptocurrency exchange in India.
Chowdhury says India's moves to regulate cryptocurrencies are not surprising, given last year's epic surge of interest that boosted bitcoin to nearly $20,000 in December. The price has more than halved since then.
"Last year was a wild ride," he said. "This year it's gotten big enough for governments to pay attention."
India accounts for between 2% and 3% of global cryptocurrency trade, said Sathvik Vishwanath, CEO of Unocoin.
"India is comparatively a smaller market [when] compared to countries like Japan and the U.S.," Vishwanath told CNNMoney, but he added that "interest is picking up and there is tremendous scope going forward."
Related: Davos says bitcoin is not a currency
But traders are now worried that the government could nip India's crypto boom in the bud. Vishwanath said Unocoin users have been calling to get clarity on whether their money is in danger.
Harshvardhan Singh, who works at a startup near New Delhi, began trading in ethereum -- another virtual currency increasingly popular in India -- in May last year. He said he was "a little worried in the short run" after the government's recent statements and the resulting "bloodbath."
But like many others, Singh feels virtual currencies have become too big to fail.
Related: What is bitcoin?
"Blockchain and cryptocurrencies built on top of [it] are now part of this massive ecosystem which countries can't just afford to outlaw," he said.
Some industry figures agree.
"We are not worried," said Vishwanath, adding that he doubts the government will "take a knee-jerk reaction without proper analysis."
The government, on its part, has set up a committee to study cryptocurrencies. Jaitley said Thursday that it will await its report before taking any action. He also said India would look into using the underlying blockchain technology in its own digital payment systems.
Related: Facebook bans ads promoting cryptocurrencies
HashCash CEO Chowdhury said many in the industry may even welcome regulation.
"Last year it was the year of ignoring it, this year is the year of debating it," he added. "Next year will hopefully be the year of accepting it."
-- Vinayak Dewan contributed to this report
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
April 13 JPMorgan Chase & Co
* Quarterly firm NII up $720 million YoY and up $328 million QoQ with NIM up 11 bps QoQ
* Q1 fixed income markets revenue $4.2 billion, up 17% YoY
* Expect firmwide Q2 net interest income to be up about $400 million QoQ
* Expect firmwide 2017 net interest income to be up about $4.5 billion YoY based upon the implied curve
* Sees firmwide 2017 adjusted expense to be about $58 billion
* Expect firmwide 2017 net charge-offs to be $5 billion (+/-) Source text: bit.ly/2pbKsuR Further company coverage:
NEW PROJECTS: Southern Downs Regional Council has been given almost $3 million through the Works for Queensland funding.
THE State Budget announcement this week has been received with disappointment by some, as the Southern Downs was again overlooked for essential funding.
Member for Southern Downs Lawrence Springborg said it was a politically- charged budget.
"I think that's an indication of this government and their priorities going into an election year,” Mr Springborg said.
"It's throwing billions of dollars of money it doesn't have into the Cross River Rail.”
"That's having to come from somewhere and they're bleeding a lot of regional areas.”
Mr Springborg said a lot of regional areas were feeling the pinch, as money was "sucked into some coastal areas.”
"It might be disappointing but no one should be surprised,” he said.
Mr Springborg said the budget reflected an effort to save inner city seats, particularly that of the Deputy Premier.
"It's a matter of putting priorities in the regions,” he said.
Last financial year the Southern Downs received about $34million for specific projects, but this year the figure was slashed to about $21million.
Southern Downs Mayor Tracy Dobie said it was an "infrastructure budget for Queensland”.
"For local councils in a budget such as this it is infrastructure funding that we rely on,” she said.
Cr Dobie said the council would continue to lobby the state and federal governments.
But she was optimistic about funds that may be directed towards the Southern Downs through Works for Queensland.
"While we didn't get any direct allocation there are about $200 million put into Works for Queensland, which is for regional funding,” she said.
"I'm confident some of that will come to us.”
Liberal National Party candidate James Lister also said the budget was a disappointment for the Southern Downs.
"I think Labor are more focused on the green vote in the city than on regional Queensland,” he said.
"That's why we aren't getting our share.”
There were a number of areas Mr Lister thought could have been better addressed in the budget.
"I would have liked to see a focus on our roads, reducing the costs of living, cutting red tape, and making it easier for businesses and farmers to employ people and make a profit,” he said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Descartes Systems Group Inc:
* DESCARTES ACQUIRES ALJEX
* DESCARTES SYSTEMS - ACQUIRED ALJEX FOR $32.4 MILLION IN CASH, SATISFIED FROM DESCARTES' EXISTING ACQUISITION LINE OF CREDIT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Coupa Software Inc:
* Coupa Software Inc - Co offering 91,535 shares of its common stock, selling stockholders are offering 3.6 million shares of common stock Source text: (bit.ly/2okumiC) Further company coverage:
MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Saturday urged the United States to show restraint after North Korea's latest missile test and to avoid playing into the hands of leader Kim Jong-un, who "wants to end the world".
The notoriously blunt Duterte said the Southeast Asia region was extremely worried about tensions between the United States and North Korea, and said one misstep would be a "catastrophe" and Asia would be the first victim of a nuclear war.
The United States, Japan, South Korea and China, he said, were sparring with a man who was excited about the prospect of firing missiles.
Duterte is current chairman of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) and was due to speak by telephone to U.S. President Donald Trump later on Saturday. He said he would urge Trump not to get into a confrontation with Kim.
"There seems to be two countries playing with their toys and those toys are not really to entertain," he told a news conference after the ASEAN summit in Manila, referring to Washington and Pyongyang.
"You know that they are playing with somebody who relishes letting go of missiles and everything. I would not want to go into his (Kim's) mind because I really do not know what's inside but he's putting mother earth, the planet to an edge."
North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile on Saturday shortly after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that failure to curb Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes could lead to "catastrophic consequences".
U.S. and South Korean officials said the test appeared to have failed, in what would be the North's fourth straight unsuccessful missile test since March.
Duterte said it was incumbent upon the United States as the responsible country to not rise to Kim's provocations. He said he was sure Trump had cautioned his military not to allow the situation to spiral out of control.
"Who am I to say that you should stop? But I would say 'Mr. President, please see to it that there is no war because my region will suffer immensely'," Duterte said.
"I will just communicate to (Trump), 'just let him play... do not play into his hands'."
He added: "The guy (Kim) simply wants to end the world, that is why he is very happy. He is always smiling. But he really wants to finish everything and he wants to drag us all down."
(Writing by Martin Petty; Editing by Ros Russell)
"High spirits among German businesses have evaporated," began Ifo's business climate report, released this week. Yet, German companies are riding high, with their assessment of the current business situation perky and their capacity above the long-term average. Why so gloomy, Germany?
It's hardly just Europe's biggest economy that should be worried. The gathering storm clouds on the continental economic horizon are very real. Recent projections by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank see the global growth slowing in the coming years, blaming "tightening financial conditions" and "trade tensions." The contagion will reach Europe.
The ongoing trade spat between the EU and the United States could resolve itself as soon as this week, but the uncertainty caused by the future trade relationship on top of worries over a US-China showdown, has made businesses less willing to pour their money into new or expanded projects.
DW Business Editor Daniel Winter
That trade war uncertainty will keep the European Central Bank (ECB) on the side of continuity rather than shaking things up, meaning the risk of tight financial conditions will also come from abroad. After all, Eurozone inflation currently stands at 1.3 percent far below the European Central Bank's "close to 2 percent" target. Plus, the ECB has long resisted the wishes of politicians, banks and savers alike to increase rates.
Instead, look once again to the United States. At first glance, there's a silver lining in the storm clouds. Projected rate hikes from the Fed this year will strengthen the dollar, and as such the euro will weaken, making Europe's exports more appealing. However, investors are likely to shift their positions into the dollar, meaning less capital flowing into Europe. Perhaps not enough to hurt a developed economy like the EU but enough to make businesses reconsider their current growth plans.
What will hurt is an American economic slowdown. The old aphorism 'when America sneezes, the rest of the world catches a cold' applies today as it ever did. Investors in American debt are indicating their worries about the future, as they pile into long-dated bonds and file out of short-dated Treasury notes. They're betting on increased inflation in the near term, which will eat into their profits; and the accompanying rates rises, which slow the economy.
US bonds have been extremely reliable in predicting oncoming recessions and those warning lights are now flashing amber. As the EU's biggest export partner, this slowing of America's economy will mean less demand for European goods and services.
You wouldn't know it by looking at the current, healthy 2.4 percent GDP growth rate. But if the projections are accurate, a slowdown could come as soon as 2020. Europe is making hay while the sun shines. Enjoy it while it lasts.
COMMENT:
There are three poisoned chalices in government: health, housing and education - and two of them have just converged in a rather spectacular fashion.
Put health aside for the time being, Minister David Clark's got enough on his hands squabbling with the nurses over their pay and conditions.
There was certainly no raising of the chalices of the other two in celebration, more like drowning their sorrows.
Advertisement
Phil Twyford was, in his words, opening the door to affordable home ownership, which was little more than a public relations exercise. He invited aspiring homeowners to register their interest in a ballot for a KiwiBuild home which was a bit like taking a stab in the dark.
Far from opening the door, there's still not a door to open - the first house has yet to make its appearance and over the next year just 1000 doors will beckon the ballots. And to qualify for a key to your phantom household you'll have to be earning less than $120,000 if you're a singleton and $180,000 if you have a partner.
Unfortunately it looks as though it's shaping up to be a middle class housing programme where you'd certainly need that level of income to cope with the mortgage, with the current average expected to be $650,000 and rising.
The idea of the half gallon, quarter acre, Pavlova Paradise that people of my generation expected as they scoffed and watched the kids on the trampoline in the backyard is long since gone. These days it's more like a stubby, 150 square metres and a meringue cupcake if you're lucky.
National's making hay while the building blocks are being put in place, but there's no reason for them to crow. They did little in terms of a house building programme until their final months in government but at the same time refused to acknowledge there was a housing crisis.
Still it seems they weren't averse to our country's biggest technology institute Unitec in Auckland's Mt Albert selling off 30ha of land to housing developers, until Labour got a whiff of it which is where the education chalice has been shattered.
Labour snaffled the land for its KiwiBuild programme, promising an elusive 3000-4000 apartments and Coronation Street terraced homes.
Unitec's now in dire financial straits, with the Minister Chris Hipkins likely to sack the institute's council and replace it with a commissioner. One of the main reasons cited for the polytechnic's black hole is a fall in student numbers.
It seems you can't even give away an education these days!
LONDON, April 28 British house prices fell for a second month in a row in April, suggesting households are feeling the pinch from rising inflation since last year's Brexit vote and low wage growth, data from mortgage lender Nationwide showed on Friday.
Nationwide said house prices declined by a monthly 0.4 percent following a fall of 0.3 percent in March which had been the first fall since mid-2015.
In annual terms, prices were 2.6 percent higher, the weakest increase in almost four years.
"While monthly figures can be volatile, the recent softening in price growth may be a further indication that households are starting to react to the emerging squeeze on real incomes or to affordability pressures in key parts of the country," Nationwide economist Robert Gardner said.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected house prices to rise by 0.1 percent in April from March and by 3.3 percent in annual terms.
(Writing by William Schomberg; editing by Richard Lough)
15 June, Kathmandu: The Election Commission has urged the government and the political parties to remain steadfast on the second-phase of local election scheduled for June 28.
The EC officials made this suggestion during the discussions held with leaders including Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba and CPN (UML) chairman Pushpa Kamal Dahal at the Prime Minister's Office in Singha Durbar today.
Following the discussions, Chief Election Commissioner Dr Ayodhee Prasad Yadav said that the government expressed its commitment to extend support and cooperation in the context of the Election Commission pursuing its all works focusing on the June 28 election.
“The Election Commission has urged for moving ahead committed for the June 28 election,” he added.
Stating that one or the other difficulties might occur while carrying out any election, the Chief Election Commissioner reiterated that there was no confusion regarding the election as the Ministry of Home Affairs has guaranteed full security for the election.
CEC Yadav said, “We are moving forward as regards the filing of nomination papers tomorrow and the June 28 polls, with the determination to fulfilling the election responsibility while relying on the means and resources and the guarantee of security provided by the government for election purpose.”
On the occasion, the Election Commission officials had informed the government and parties' leaders on all aspects of the preparations being made for the election, and to this, the government and the ruling partners had thanked the commission.
Nepali Congress senior leader Ram Chandra Poudel, general secretary Shashanka Koirala and leaders Bimalendra Nidhi and Krishna Prasad Sitaula, and CPN (Maoist Centre) leader Narayan Kaji Shrestha, Pampha Bhusal, Matrika Yadav and Home Minister Janardan Sharma participated in the discussions.
Election Commissioners Ila Sharma, Narendra Dahal, Ishwar Poudel and Sudhir Shah and EC secretary Gopinath Mainali were also present in the meeting. RSS
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
April 10 Miner Anglo American said on Monday it would sell its Eskom-tied domestic thermal coal operations in South Africa to a unit of Seriti Resources Holdings for 2.3 billion rand ($166.43 million).
The thermal coal operations that mainly supply coal to Eskom consist of the New Vaal, New Denmark and Kriel collieries, as well as four closed collieries , Anglo American said. ($1 = 13.8200 rand) (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru, editing by Louise Heavens)
Constructions workers are seen at a new building site in Silver Spring, Maryland, U.S. June 2, 2016. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
WASHINGTON U.S. debt held by the public will balloon to 150 percent of economic output by 2047 unless tax and spending laws are changed, the Congressional Budget Office said on Thursday, far exceeding the record level just after World War II.
The new projections show steeper 30-year debt growth than last year's long-term forecast by the non-partisan budget analysis agency, and could make it harder for some members of Congress to support a tax reform plan that is partly financed with higher deficits.
Last year, the CBO estimated U.S. public debt would grow to 141 percent of gross domestic product by 2046, while the record was 106 percent of GDP in 1946. That level would be reached in 2035, the CBO said.
Under this year's projection, CBO predicts public debt for 2017 to be about 77 percent of GDP, growing to 89 percent in 2027, and 113 percent in 2037.
The new forecasts assume that the Affordable Care Act, the healthcare law known as Obamacare that House Republicans failed to replace last week, stays in place for the long term.
The projected debt growth reflects CBO's estimates of the rising costs of caring for a growing population of people over 65, growth in interest costs, and assumptions of slower economic growth due to reduced assumptions about productivity gains.
Annual deficits are expected to average 8.6 percent of GDP in the 2038-2047 period versus 2.9 percent expected for 2017 and 4.0 percent for the 2018-2027 period.
The long-term projections extend CBO's assumptions made in its 10-year budget outlook in January, which showed falling deficits for the next two years, but growth thereafter.
Net interest costs in 2047 are expected to be 6.2 percent of GDP, compared with 1.4 percent in 2017 and about 1.2 percent in 1967, the CBO said.
But the wild card in the CBO 30-year projections are real interest rates. Real interest yields on 10-year Treasury notes are assumed to average 1.5 percent over 30 years, rising to 2.3 percent in 2047.
Much higher interest rates, coupled with different assumptions in productivity and healthcare cost growth, could produce significantly different outcomes, CBO said.
The CBO said that its debt-to-GDP ratio could range from 85 percent with low rates and strong growth, to 244 percent with weaker growth and higher rates.
(Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Bernadette Baum)
Play for day one of the ASB Classic has been suspended due to rain, meaning number one seed Serena Williams will have to wait until tomorrow to make her debut.
Poor weather has affected the tournament since 1pm today with games on the back courts postponed first before tournament organisers finally made the decision to end the day's play on centre court as well a short time ago.
Williams was supposed to play Frenchwoman Pauline Parmentier at 6.30pm this evening after rising star Naomi Osaka and Annika Beck finished their match.
Osaka won the first set 6-2 and was leading the second set 2-1 when her game against the German tennis player was suspended.
Rare encounters with 12-14 foot great white sharks happened in two different locations off the Florida coast.
Joanne Fraser of Calypso Dive Charters in Lake Park spotted one great white while on a trip 3.5 miles east of Juno Beach.
"We all descended to about 80 feet, I saw a couple of nurse sharks and a few lemons as we were dropping down, I look over to the east and see a huge shark. (Of course my camera's not ready because we only just jumped in the water). I estimate the shark to be somewhere between 12 to 14 feet and an easy 4 feet wide. All the lemon sharks disappeared, I was fumbling around with my camera trying to get it set up. The shark circled us extremely slowly about 3 times. I thought it was going to come to the crate at one point, but it turned away. That great white made the lemon sharks look like remoras!" she said.
Corey Embree, a dive instructor with Deep Six in Vero Beach, was also on the boat and in the water with his GoPro. "I'm so stoked about this. What a way to start 2017! This was a dream of mine for over 20 years of diving."
Meanwhile, in Port Canaveral, a 12 foot great white was seen swimming around a deep sea fishing charter. The 'Canaveral Princess' was about 25 miles off the port when they spotted the beast coming to the surface. It wasn't the first time either; the same fishing vessel spotted a 14 footer just a week before. (click photo below to play video)
New Delhi: A video is getting viral on social media claiming that snickers chocolate can cause cancer.Footage shows some people throwing crates chocolate into a pit and setting them on fire.The video is, reportedly, from Gaza. It also claims that in 56 countries production of this chocolate is stopped.Our investigation:In our investigation, we found that video is of 2016. In Germany, a consumer found plastic particles inside snickers. So on consumer's complaint, as a precautionary step, Mars company (which manufactures snickers) recalled the entire consignment.Hence, the video claiming that snickers chocolate can cause cancer is WRONG.
May 2 Hyster-yale Materials Handling Inc :
* Hyster-Yale Materials Handling, Inc. announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $1.10
* Q1 revenue $713.1 million versus I/B/E/S view $668.3 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.53 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Strong U.S. Dollar is expected to continue to have an unfavorable, but moderating, impact on EMEA results in 2017.
* Says Q1 bookings for Lift Truck Business were about 23,700 units, or about $550 million, compared to 23,500 units, or about $490 million last year
* Consolidated cash flow before financing activities expected to be positive,increase significantly in 2017 compared with 2016
* In 2017, global lift truck market is expected to grow modestly compared with 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OSLO, April 5 Norway's deputy oil minister will meet top executives of China's biggest offshore oil producer CNOOC on Thursday to discuss possible cooperation ahead of the first visit by a Norwegian prime minister to China in a decade, officials said.
CNOOC, which operates the 140,000 barrels per day Buzzard field offshore UK via its subsidiary Nexen, said in 2010 it would be interested to come to Norway.
The row over the Nobel Peace Prize award to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo that same year froze relations between the two countries.
Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg will be in Beijing on April 7-10 to meet President Xi Jinping, Prime Minister Li Keqiang and other Chinese officials, in the first visit by a Norwegian premier since the countries resumed full diplomatic relations in December. (Writing by Gwladys Fouche, editing by Terje Solsvik)
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore's tourism agency has hit back at lifestyle magazine Time Out for ranking the wealthy city state among the world's least exciting cities, by releasing a video that mockingly declares, “There is nothing exciting to do.”
The magazine's City Life Index 2018, published this week, ranked Singapore 31st out of 32 cities, one spot above Istanbul, based on a survey of more than 15,000 people.
Chicago topped the index, followed by Porto in Portugal and New York City, scored on factors such as food, drink, culture, friendliness, affordability, happiness and liveability.
Singapore won praise for safety and public transport, but was rated the lowest for its arts and culture scene, with just 17 percent of respondents saying, “There is always something to see and do.”
In response, the Singapore Tourism Board posted a 56-second video on its Facebook page, opening with the tongue-in-cheek claim, "Singapore is boring ... there is nothing exciting to do." (here)
The message backdrop features Universal Studios Singapore, the Formula One race, and the city's Artscience Museum, as well as a newly-opened A J Hackett bungy jump at Sentosa island.
“Yeah, Time Out London, we're pretty ‘unexciting',” it continues, turning the spotlight to Singapore's delicacies, including a S$2 ($1.52) Michelin-star soy sauce chicken meal at a Chinatown food stall with the caption, “Everything is so expensive.”
Terrence Voon, the Singapore Tourism Board's digital and content director, said, “We created this light-hearted response to let the audience have a glimpse of what Singapore can offer.”
It is not the first time the tourism board has rebuffed what it regards as misconceptions of the island.
Last April, it posted photographs debunking geographical and factual inaccuracies in an episode of CBS's “Criminal Minds”, which referred to Singapore's “red light” district of Geylang as the “dark side of paradise”.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
DAKAR Violence against civilians in the Central African Republic (CAR), including summary executions and mutilations, is reaching levels not seen since the height of its years-long conflict, Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) has said.
The country descended into chaos when a mainly Muslim Seleka rebel alliance ousted then-president Francois Bozize in 2013, sparking reprisals from Christian militias. Religion has played a waning role as splinter groups now clash over control of territory and resources.
Recent violence has been concentrated in four prefectures in the centre and east, where the government and a 13,000-strong United Nations peacekeeping mission have struggled to contain the bloodshed, the medical charity said.
"Our teams have witnessed summary executions and have found mutilated bodies left exposed to terrorise populations," Rene Colgo, the deputy head of MSF's mission in CAR, said in a statement released late on Wednesday.
Fighting has spread to parts of the country previously considered stable but where rival armed groups are now battling for control of towns and areas with gold and diamond mines.
Some 100,000 people were displaced between September 2016 and February 2017 amid the renewed clashes, according to the United Nations, and MSF is now treating trauma victims at clinics intended to provide healthcare to rural communities.
"The Central African Republic is spiralling into levels of violence that have not been seen since the peak of the conflict in 2014," said MSF representative Emmanuel Lampaert.
One in five Central Africans is currently displaced and around 2.2 million people, half the total population, need humanitarian assistance, according to the United Nations.
The United States on Wednesday imposed financial sanctions against two militia leaders - one a Muslim rebel chief and the other a Christian militia leader - accused of collaborating on plans to destabilise CAR.
(Reporting by Nellie Peyton; Editing by Joe Bavier and Tom Heneghan)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - MLP SAGLIK HIZMETLERI AS IPO BOOKRUNNER:
* SAYS ‍REVISED PRICE GUIDANCE TRY 19.00 - TRY 20.00 PER SHARE; EXTENSION OF BOOKBUILD​
* SAYS BOOKS CLOSE ON 6 FEBRUARY 2018​ Further company coverage:
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
By Dayo Adesulu
LAGOS— West African Examinations Council, WAEC, has released results of West African Senior School Certificate Examination, WASSCE, Wednesday, in Lagos with 49.98 per cent obtained five credits in English Language and Mathematics.
Waec Result 2017.Speaking at WAEC national office in Lagos, Head of Nigeria Office, Mr Olu Adenipekun, said: “786,016 candidates representing 49.98% obtained credits and above in minimum of five subjects including English Language and Mathematics.”In 2016, the total percentage of candidates that had five credits and above in English Language and Mathematics were 52.97%, while in 2017, it was 59.22% .Thought the HNO acknowledged that there are cases of examination malpractice, but declined to give the statistics, noting that it was minimal. He said: “A total of 1,578,846 candidates registered for the examination from 17,886 recognised secondary schools in Nigeria, adding, Out of the registered candidates, 1,572,396 candidates sat the examination.
According to him, out of the total number of candidates that sat for examination in Nigeria, 1,470,338 candidates, representing 93.51% have their results fully processed and released. While 102,058 candidates representing 6.49% have a few of their subjects still being processed due to errors traceable to the candidates in the course of registration or writing the examination.
“Such errors are being corrected by the Council to enable the affected candidates get their results fully processed and released subsequently, he said.
In the breakdown of the results, the HNO said: “1,213,244 candidates representing 76.84% obtained credits and above in a minimum of any five subjects (I. e with or without English Language and/or Mathematics.
“858,424 candidates representing 54.59% obtained credits and above in a minimum of five subjects including English Language but without Mathematics.
“786,016 candidates representing 49.98% obtained credits and above in minimum of five subjects including English Language and Mathematics.
“In this category were 389,655 male and 396,361 female, representing 47.32% and 52.92% respectively. ”
He added: ” Candidates who sat the examination and who have fulfilled their financial obligations to the Council are free to check the details of their performance on the Council's results website: www.waecdirect.org.”
He explained that the result checker pin and serial number needed by candidates to check results online are contained on candidate's smart identity card used during the conduct of the examination.
“Certificates of candidates whose results have been fully processed and released will be ready in 90 days from today, he said.
Lagos – Eight states and 13 teams have signed up for the maiden edition of the Late Stephen Keshi National U-17 Football tournament, the organisers said on Wednesday.
The General Secretary of the tournament, Danladi Musa, who made the disclosure in Lagos, said the tournament would hold from June 1 to June 7 in Benin, the Edo State Capital.
“The first edition of the Stephen Keshi National U-17 football tournament is set to kick off with eight states comprising of thirteen teams from Friday, June 1 to June 7 in Benin.
“The participating teams are Oceanic Stars FC (Rivers) Recovery Football Academy, Freiburgerweg Football Academy (Lagos) Rahbam Sports FC (Plateau) and Lasora Spring Soccer Academy (Kwara).
“Others are Kingdom Stars Football Academy (Bayelsa), Solo Wonders Football Club (Abia), Obazuwa FC, Cowbell Football Academy, BJ Foundation FC, Fortress Football Academy, Edo Rock Star FC and Ogunmala FC (Delta).
“The teams will arrive in Benin on May 31 to kick-start the preliminaries on June 1, and the grand finale will be on June 7, at the Crescent Club football pitch in GRA Benin,'' he said.
Musa said that the competition was in partnerships with the Nigerian professional footballers and Stephen Keshi Football and Vocational Centre.
“The tournament is part of activities organised by the National Association of Nigeria Professional Footballers (NANPF) in conjunction with the Stephen Keshi Football and Vocational Training Centre.
“The competition is to mark the second anniversary ceremony of late Stephen Keshi Keshi, former national team captain and coach of the Super Eagles who died in Benin on the 7th of June 2016.
“A technical committee has been put in place to select the best players from the tournament to play a game with the National U-17 team.
“It will give the selected players the opportunity to be part of the national team. (NAN)
(Adds details, adds prices, quotes, updates throughout)
By David Gaffen
April 5 U.S. crude stocks unexpectedly rose last week to a fresh record high, while gasoline and distillate inventories fell less than expected, the Energy Information Administration said on Wednesday, interrupting a recent string of bullish news for the oil market.
Crude inventories rose 1.6 million barrels in week ending March 31, compared with expectations for a decrease of 435,000 barrels. Stocks, which have been steadily building to record highs this year, once again were at a peak, reaching 535.5 million barrels.
The oil market pared gains after the bearish report, with U.S. West Texas crude futures up just 22 cents at $51.25 a barrel by 10:54 a.m. EDT (1554 GMT); the contract earlier touched a high of $51.88 a barrel.
Crude remains on track for its sixth day of gains in the last seven. Brent crude was up 25 cents to $54.42 a barrel, also giving up some of the day's gains.
Crude stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub for WTI, rose 1.4 million barrels to a record at 69.1 million barrels. U.S. Gulf Coast inventories also jumped, by 2.7 million barrels, to a peak of 280.9 million barrels, the EIA said.
"It was a solidly bearish report, especially in relation to expectations," said John Kilduff, partner at Again Capital in New York.
The refined product drawdowns were about half of analysts' forecasts in a Reuters poll.
Gasoline stocks fell 618,000 barrels, compared with analysts' expectations for a 1.4 million-barrel drop.
Inventories of the motor fuel have been declining, and are now at lower levels than at this time last year, but they remain seasonally high.
Gasoline futures turned negative on the news; U.S. RBOB futures fell 0.3 percent to $1.7170 a gallon.
Distillate stockpiles, which include diesel and heating oil, slipped 536,000 barrels, versus a 1.0 million-barrel drop forecast, the EIA data showed.
"The pace of decline in refined product inventories ebbed and will likely reverse with the increased refinery activity," Kilduff said.
Refinery crude runs rose 203,000 barrels per day and utilization rates climbed 1.5 percentage points to 90.8 percent of total capacity, EIA data showed, as plants restart from spring turnarounds.
U.S. crude imports were largely flat, inching up 61,000 barrels per day, while exports, which have been volatile, fell to 575,000 bpd from the previous week's 1.01 million bpd. (Additional reporting by Scott DiSavino; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
ANKARA, March 29 The arrest of a senior Turkish banker by U.S. authorities will be discussed with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson when he visits Ankara this week, Turkey's foreign minister said on Wednesday.
In an interview with broadcaster TRT Haber, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu also called for a transparent process regarding Hakan Atilla's arrest, and said the Turkish consul general was unable to receive information about Atilla until a formal statement was made.
U.S. prosecutors on Tuesday charged Mehmet Hakan Atilla, a deputy general manager at state lender Halkbank, with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate U.S. sanctions against Iran, escalating a case that has added to tensions between the United States and Turkey.
Shares in Halkbank slumped as much as 16 percent on Wednesday. (Reporting by Daren Butler and Humeyra Pamuk; Writing by Ece Toksabay; Editing by David Dolan)
Initiative receives positive interaction and stronger efforts to achieve community happiness
End
-- UAE, April 18, 2017 - The Department of Economic Development - Ajman (DED-Ajman) has successfully concluded celebrations for its 'Customer Week' initiative, which was held in line with its continuing efforts to enhance their customers experience while also aiming to achieve the highest levels of satisfaction and happiness. The weeklong celebration was held under the theme, 'Happiness Week' and offered an ideal platform to help strengthen communication channels with customers--identifying the challenges they face and developing key solutions to ensure happiness, which falls in line with the nation's unified efforts to promote and reinforce the social welfare of the community and achieve the happiness of residents in Ajman.DED-Ajman's 'Customer Week' was held between April 9 and 13, 2017 at the Al Hamidiyah Customer Service Centre. The event showcased several activities that were aimed at strengthening the direct communication with the customers and highlight the top services provided by its service centers and e-platforms. The celebrations also featured discussions on the main challenges that customers face, which was followed by a Question and Answer forum that saw the participation of the department's employees--diligently answering the questions and inquiries of the customers. DED-Ajman also conducted a survey to identify emerging trends and measure customer happiness and satisfaction for the quality of services provided. Health awareness was also a key focus during the event—offering medical examination services for employees and clients, in cooperation with Dr. Nutrition Center.Majed Nasser Al Suwaidi, Director of the Customer Relations Department, "DED-Ajman, said, Customer Week demonstrates our commitment towards further reinforcing the solid relations that we enjoy with our customers, while also enhancing the services we offer according to the highest standards of quality, efficiency and excellence. The week-long celebration represents the core values that we follow and adopt in DED-Ajman, complementing our continuous strive in achieving a prosperous economy and a happy community in Ajman.""The success of the Customer Week initiative has resulted in a strong boost to the department's efforts to enable the active participation of the local community in the improvement and enhancement of government performance, as per set international standards and guidelines on efficiency and excellence and also in line with the goals set forth in Ajman Vision 2021--primarily concentrated on establishing a happy society that contributes effectively and backed by a government that meets the requirements of both the community and the business segment. Our efforts to achieve customers' happiness are not limited with the initiative, but will continue through exploring new and innovative solutions to conduct customer transactions with speed, accuracy and efficiency,"added Al Suwaidi.The event included a special ceremony honoring active customers who have presented excellent proposals. It also paid recognition to sponsors and employees who have demonstrated excellence in serving customers and have played an active role in the success of the initiative and achievement of desired goals.
FRANKFURT, March 30 German shipping finance provider HSH Nordbank has received more than ten expressions of interest from potential buyers in the lender which seeks to be sold within a year.
HSH's owners - the German states of Schleswig-Holstein and Hamburg jointly hold 85 percent - have to privatise the bank under European state-aid rules by the end of February 2018.
Chief Executive Stefan Ermisch warned on Thursday when presenting annual results that the road to privatisation will be difficult and ask a lot from all parties involved.
According to people close to the matter fellow state-backed regional bank NordLB is planning to bid for HSH as will several private equity companies.
HSH, which had total assets of 84 billion euros ($90 billion) as of the end of 2016 and saw its pretax profit decrease 73 percent to 121 million euros last year, sought backing from its owners after risky assets turned sour in 2008.
It got hit further by the slump in global trade after the financial crisis and the core bank currently has 7 billion euros in ship loans on its books.
The European Commission, HSH and its owners negotiated for years over a plan to restore HSH to health and avoid future state aid. ($1 = 0.9316 euros) (Reporting by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Harro ten Wolde)
The foot bones of a toddler who died 3 million years ago show that baby pre-humans could both walk upright like modern humans and scamper up trees like apes, researchers said Wednesday.
The thumb-sized fossils come from a skeleton discovered in Dikika, Ethiopia in 2002 and they have delivered priceless insights into how modern humans evolved from our distant ancestors, the researchers said.
"To have a fossil this complete, and to have the fossil of a child, gives us a brand-new window into of what it was like 3 million years ago," said Jeremy DeSilva, a paleontologist at Dartmouth University whose team examined the tiny foot bones.
"Skeletons are rare and skeletons of kids are even rarer."
A 3.32 million-year-old Australopithecus afarensis foot from Dikika, Ethiopia, superimposed over researcher Jeremy DeSilva\'s toddler\'s footprint. Jeremy DeSilva
Different teams of experts have looked at various parts of the precious fossil skeleton, which belonged to an Australopithecus afarensis that would have been about 2 ½ years old when she died.
It took years to remove the foot bones from the sandstone it was embedded in, DeSilva told NBC News.
"This is done grain by grain under the microscope," he said.
More like apes or more like humans?
The bones have been dated to about 3.3 million years ago and identified as the same species as "Lucy", the most famous example of Australopithecus. The toddler bones date to about 200,000 years earlier than Lucy's, however.
Science
DeSilva's analysis of the foot shows that baby Australopithecines had features that were similar to both modern humans, and to modern apes, he reports in the journal Science Advances.
"This is a very humanlike foot," he said. "What is curious is it still retains some apelike features. The toes are slightly curved and longer than a modern human's."
To DeSilva, this suggests that juvenile Australopithecines clung to their parents much as baby apes do today, and probably could climb trees quickly.
Paleontologists who study Australopithecus argue about whether they were more like apes or more like modern humans.
"Our field has been divided into two camps, with one group saying Lucy and her kind … still climbed trees … and maybe that means they didn't walk as well as we do today," DeSilva said.
"There is another group that says, 'Look at these bones. They did walk as we do and these apelike features are just an echo of the past from when their ancestors were still in the trees'."
That's because, in part, the bones of adult Australopithecus have a heavy heel, made for slamming into the ground, just like modern humans have.
But the baby foot doesn't have such a heavy heel.
A partial skeleton of a 3.32 million-year-old fossil of an Australopithecus afarensis child. Zeray Alemseged
"What this baby's foot allows us to do is introduce a third possibility," DeSilva said.
"That is that the adults were very good walkers, but it is the kids that are climbing up into those trees," he added.
That could be for play, just as modern children clamber all over the monkey bars while their parents stay on the ground.
"But you also don't see leopards roaming around playgrounds," DeSilva pointed out. "Three million years ago, this environment was filled with predators."
"If you were living in Africa 3 million years ago without fire, without structures, and without any means of defense, you'd better be able to get up in a tree when the sun goes down."
News
Also, having infants and toddlers that could hold on tight, without having to be carried, would make it much easier for the parents to move around. "Another thing they didn't have 3 million years ago was strollers," DeSilva said.
Modern human babies are born with feet already made for walking, but Australopithecus could have developed strong walking feet in another way, DeSilva said — by using them that way.
"Bones are living tissues. They grow and respond and they change shape depending on what you do to them," he said. "Even though humans and Lucy's kind as adults have chunky heels, we developed them in completely different ways. We would never have known that without this fossil."
Science
DeSilva, who has twins who were themselves toddlers when he started studying the fossil, says he feels a special attachment to it.
"This was a toddler who died and it's really hard to think about when you have your own toddlers," he said. "And yet it is giving us this absolutely extraordinary amount of information about our past and about why we are the way we are today."
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Russian man accused of operating a network of infected computers used by cyber criminals has been extradited to the United States from Spain and will make an initial court appearance on Friday, the U.S. Department of Justice said.
U.S. prosecutors said Peter Levashov, 37, ran the Kelihos botnet, a network of more than 100,000 infected devices used by cyber criminals to distribute viruses, ransomware, phishing emails and other spam attacks.
Levashov denies the charges in an eight-count indictment handed down by a federal grand jury in Connecticut in April.
Levashov, who fought the extradition, told Spain's High Court in September that he had worked for Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party for the last 10 years, Russia's RIA news agency reported.
He told the court that investigators in the United States would torture him for information about his political work if he was sent there to face the charges, RIA said.
Levashov was charged by U.S. prosecutors with causing intentional damage to a protected computer and wire fraud, which carry a potential prison sentence of up to 52 years if he is convicted at trial.
He was arrested while on holiday in Barcelona last April and in October, Spain's High Court granted a U.S. request to extradite him. Levashov was scheduled to appear in court in Bridgeport, Connecticut, the Justice Department said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Royal Dutch Shell Plc plans to double the capacity of its liquefied natural gas import facility at Hazira on India's west coast to 10 million tonnes a year, a top company executive said on Friday.
Shell Gas B.V, a unit of Royal Dutch Shell Plc, owns a 74 percent stake in Hazira LNG Ltd, while Total Gaz Electricite France, a unit of France's Total SA, holds the rest.
"We've done all the work, now it's sort of taking a look at when is the right timing in terms of demand that's available," Nitin Prasad, chairman of Shell Companies in India, told Reuters, without giving a timeline for the expansion.
A government panel said in a report in April 2015 that Hazira LNG will look to expand the capacity of its LNG terminal in the western state of Gujarat by 50 percent to 7.5 million tonnes per annum in the fiscal year to March 2017.
Shell on Friday opened a new technology centre in Bengaluru, the capital of the southern state Karnataka. The technology hub, Shell's third in the world, is aimed at expanding the company's research and development activities in Asia.
India aims to raise the share of natural gas in its energy mix to 15 percent in the next three years from about 6.5 percent at present, as it attempts to achieve energy security while keeping pollution levels down.
India's gas imports in April 2016-February 2017 rose 16.4 percent to 22.53 billion cubic metres, according to government data. (Reporting by Arathy S Nair and Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
Mohamed Salah could feature in the World Cup group stage after the Egyptian Football Association announced his shoulder injury should keep him out for a maximum of three weeks.
The Liverpool forward suffered the injury in the first half of the Reds' defeat to Real Madrid in Saturday's Champions League final.
A statement on the EFA's Facebook page read: “Dr Mohamed Abu Ula confirmed that the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks.”
Egypt open their World Cup campaign against Uruguay on Friday, June 15. The African side also play Russia (June 19) and Saudi Arabia (June 25) in Group A.
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," she says.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, she says. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" she says.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," she says. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
The Abbey Resort invites guests to use vacation days relaxing, creating memories on historic Geneva Lake
Classic Boats in Abbey Harbor
End
-- According to Project Time Off (http://www.projecttimeoff.com/state-american-vacation-2017), American workers left a collective 662 paid vacation days on the table last year, therefore donating an average of $604 each to his or her employer. With recently renovated guest rooms, an all-new Waterfront restaurant and updates to outdoor amenities including refreshed pools, hot tubs, slides and splash pad, The Abbey Resort and Avani Spa invites hardworking individuals and their families to avoid becoming a vacation statistic by instead taking full advantage of their paid time off with a getaway to the lake where they can relax, have fun and create memories to last a lifetime."Taking time away from the office allows our brains to rest, our bodies to heal and our relationships to thrive," said Sara Schmitz, Marketing Director of The Abbey Resort. "We understand that vacation days are a prized possession for hardworking women, men and their families. We do everything we can to make our guests' vacation days as relaxing, fun and memorable as possible by offering a variety of dining options, spa specials and programming activities."Returning from last season due to popularity are guided lakeshore walks, offered weekday mornings. Guests gather in the resort lobby and proceed to enjoy either the South Lake Walk, offered Mondays and Wednesdays featuring fun facts about the lake and the many historic homes, or the North Lake Hike, offered Tuesdays and Thursdays highlighting historical and geographic facts about the area.The newly refreshed outdoor pools, slides, hot tubs and splash pad are hit among guests of all ages during the summer months and The Abbey Resort's Agents of Fun are ready to help one and all enjoy the poolside sunshine by leading games, crafts and activities such as Limbo contests, water balloon volleyball and diving contests each afternoon from 1 to 5 p.m. as part of Courtyard Escapades. The fun continues into the evening hours with bonfires, Starlight s'mores and a variety of movie showings ranging from early to late, indoor and outdoor.In addition to the scheduled programming activities, The Abbey Resort is pleased to offer a variety of complimentary on-site activities for guests to enjoy anytime of the day such as bicycle check-outs, disc golf, sand volleyball, board games, lawn games, scavenger hunts and more.New this summer, guests are invited to drink, dine and dance into summer at the all-new Waterfront restaurant. Recently renovated from top to bottom, inside and out, the harbor side restaurant now features an outdoor bar area with a waterfall and fire pit as well as a refreshed outdoor patio and seating area overlooking Abbey Harbor. Along with the new look, Waterfront is pleased to offer a new menu featuring salads, burgers, award-winning house-smoked BBQ and a custom drink menu. Specific dining specials being offered at Waterfront in the coming months include a three-course Waffle Dinner which includes a starter waffle loaded with house-smoked BBQ pork; an entrée waffle served with fried chicken, butter and syrup and; a dessert waffle featuring shaved chocolate, caramel, pecans and vanilla ice cream all for $15 on Tuesday and Sunday evenings. Mondays in Waterfront guests can enjoy Half-price Burgers and $5 Born to Rum drinks. And a seasonal favorite of many is Burnin' Down the Docks – an outdoor celebration of brews, blues and BBQ offered Sunday afternoons from 12 noon until 5 p.m. – where guests can enjoy cold drinks, live music and Waterfront's signature house-smoked BBQ. With the recent renovations, Waterfront is also enhancing its live entertainment with musical performances Wednesday through Sunday including outdoor performances in the new grotto area.Summer dining specials featured at the resort's keynote restaurant 240° West include Oysters and Bubbles Tuesdays featuring a half-dozen freshly shucked oysters served in the half shell and paired with a glass of sparkling wine for $12; Lobster Fest Fridays including clam chowder, an entire one and one half pound Maine lobster served with sweet corn, new potatoes and fresh fruit cobbler for $32 and; Bloody Mary Flight Sundays including a classic version, a Bloody Caesar with Clamato, an Asian Twist with Siracha and a Bloody Maria with Mezcal for $8 served Sundays from 9 a.m. until 1 p.m. A complete list of dining specials can be found as follows: www.theabbeyresort.com/ dining Set sail to the topics with a luscious Mango spa treatment at Avani Spa! From manicures and pedicure to the mango body scrub and tropical massage, these juicy summer treatments include Shea butter, grapeseed oil and mango providing a variety of vitamins and anti-oxidant properties to help repair and hydrate sun-soaked skin leaving the body refreshed and nourished.As part of a special "Kick-off Summer Sale," Avani Spa is offering 25 percent savings on several of its most popular treatments. The Avani Relaxation Massage, Avani Custom Facial, Aroma Retreat Wrap and Balancing Lavender Body Scrub are all available for $90 (a $120 value) Mondays through Thursdays until June 21. Additional savings are available as part of a Father's Day Spa Package and a June Rejuvenate Day Package; for complete details, please visit www.theabbeyresort.com/ spa For detailed information about dining, spa and programming or for overnight packages available please visit www.theabbeyresort.com/or call 1-800-709-1323. For more information or reservations, visit http://www.theabbeyresort.com, join Abbey Resort and Avani Spa on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/abbeyresortor follow @AbbeyResort on Twitter www.Twitter.com/abbeyresort.
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
KARACHI: TPL Maps, Pakistan's first digital mapping solution, part of TPL Trakker, joined hands with School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences (SEECS) at National University of Sciences and Technology Islamabad to launch a speech-based navigation software for TPL Maps.
This feature will enable consumers to create route via simple voice commands. Considering the in-app typing proficiencies and spelling errors, this feature will be a game changer for usage of map applications in Pakistan. The new technology is equipped to handle voice commands in various dialects of English and Urdu suited for Pakistani language speaking styles. The human speech-based navigation system will be installed as a value added service to the existing TPL Maps application.
Speaking about this latest addition to TPL's map application, Adeel Hashmi, Head of TPL Maps, stated, “Consistent innovation is integral to our philosophy of providing customers the best possible mapping solutions. Such additions to our existing products allow us to establish ourselves as a high-end technology company looking to offer convenience and ease of use to the end users.”
Speaking at the signing ceremony, Principal SEECS said, “We are delighted to be part of the innovation in Maps in Pakistan. This collaboration with TPL has given our students and faculty the opportunity to experiment and explore a domain that has never been touched upon in Pakistan. Machine learning and AI are the future of technology and we believe this is the first partnership between the two organizations which will result in fantastic tech development in the country”.
The application will ensure a smooth user interface enabling users to add their specified destination via on-screen keyboard, based on which the system will calculate the route and transit time, giving consumers the convenience to locate various locations.
The feature itself will be the first of its kind to be introduced in Pakistan, offering voice-based facility in both Urdu and Pakistani English accent, thus adding innovation to the product and perhaps giving it an edge over its competitors. PR
* JPMorgan, Citi and Wells Fargo to report results on Thursday
* Brent crude rises above $55/barrel
* Straight Path soars after deal to be bought by AT&T
* Futures up: Dow 12 pts, S&P 2.5 pts, Nasdaq 3.5 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 10 U.S. stocks looked set to open slightly higher on Monday as oil prices rose and investors awaited earnings from big banks to kick off the first-quarter earnings season later this week.
JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report quarterly earnings on Thursday and could throw light on the U.S. banking industry's performance after a strong finish in the fourth quarter.
Investors are keenly watching the quarterly results to justify lofty market valuations following a post-election rally, sparked off by bets that President Donald Trump would introduce pro-growth policies.
Earnings of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.1 percent in the first three months of the year, the most since the fourth-quarter of 2014. The index is currently trading at 17.4 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"It looks like the start of a quiet holiday week after an underwhelming Friday, where much could have happened but didn't," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey. "Unless there is a significant headline to derail what looks to be a quiet morning, I think the focus is going to be on earnings and what the companies say."
Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Dow e-minis were up 12 points, or 0.06 percent, at 8:27 a.m. ET (1227 GMT), with 19,034 contracts changing hands.
S&P 500 e-minis were up 2.5 points, or 0.11 percent, with 124,848 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 3.5 points, or 0.06 percent, on volume of 19,954 contracts.
Oil prices rose more than 1 percent on Monday, with Brent crude moving above $55 per barrel following a shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield and tension over Syria after a U.S. missile strike.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak in Michigan after markets close. Investors will be looking to clues on the central bank's plans to trim its $4.5 trillion balance sheet after recent comments from Fed officials.
Shares of Straight Path Communications surged more than two-fold to $92.99 premarket after AT&T said it would buy the company for $95.63 per share in an all-stock deal.
Swift Transportation rose 14.4 percent to $22.90 after it announced a merger with fellow trucking company Knight Transportation. Knight's shares were up 2.6 percent.
Generic drugmaker Akorn was up 11 percent at $32.99 after confirming that it was in talks to be bought by German healthcare group Fresenius.
(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Genesco Inc:
* GENESCO SAYS ON JAN 31 ENTERED INTO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT WHICH REPLACES PREVIOUS $400 MILLION REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY - SEC FILING
* GENESCO INC - ‍CREDIT FACILITY IS A REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY IN AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $400 MILLION​
* GENESCO SAYS CREDIT FACILITY HAS A FIVE-YEAR TERM Source text - bit.ly/2nD2GW2 Further company coverage:
JOHANNESBURG, Feb 2 (Reuters) - South Africa's central bank has fined China Construction Bank (CCB) 75 million rand ($6 million) for non-compliance with the country's financial intelligence act, it said on Friday.
“It should be noted that the administrative sanctions were not imposed because CCB was found to have facilitated transactions involving money laundering or the financing of terrorism but because of weaknesses in the bank's control measures,” the central bank said in a statement.
The regulator said 20 million rand of the fine would be suspended pending the Chinese Construction Bank's compliance with conditions imposed. ($1 = 12.0685 rand) (Reporting by Joe Brock; Editing by James Macharia)
I remember the first time I heard someone use the cliche about thinking outside the box. It was the end of the 1990's, and I was in a senior level advanced technical writing class.
I had returned to school in the beginning of the decade after the unexpected but blessed arrival of my oldest son. I was trying to bring some respectability to my whole unwed, single bartender mom storyline.
Not really knowing what I wanted to do with my life besides be a good mom and get a couple initials to complement my high school diploma, I decided an English degree would be the path of the least resistance to that end. I'd always had a knack for reading, writing, communication, etc.
And pursuit of that degree had provided a path of relatively little resistance until that fateful class. My mastery of BS'ing my way through endless Shakespeare essays was useless when it came to writing technical manuals.
I felt like I was trapped in an advanced mathematic or engineering class disguised as an upper level English course, and I was floundering.
So the professor had just handed out the paperwork related to our major project for the semester and was going over them as the class lecture. I was scanning and feeling immediately overwhelmed — the kind of overwhelmed that makes it hard to pay attention when you really need to be paying attention the most.
Suddenly I hear the professor say that we need to remember to think outside the box with this assignment. My immediate thought was quite literal: What box?! I didn't see anything about boxes in the paperwork … what is she talking about and what did I miss?!
As I forced myself to hang on her every word for a few minutes, I began to realize she was speaking figuratively, which led to my next thought not that different from the first: What box?! Who the hell started a cliche comparing the human thought process to a box?
And why a box? Why not a sphere or any other shape since the shape in the cliche doesn't particular matter to its meaning? (Obviously my distracted thought process during her lectures may have contributed to my floundering, but as usual I digress …)
Why tell this story of epic fumbling through part of my life? Because not too many years later I had the same epiphany concerning our our left/right framework for politics and promptly withdrew from the Democratic party.
Why do two diametrically opposed ideologies control our political process and policy? Why is the left/right debate more important than just solving our problems?
Does anyone really believe that either ideology, left to its own devices, is sufficient enough to solve the world's problems? I know I don't.
Citizens can't afford to enable that counterproductive ideology war anymore, and the news cycle is rich with evidence of such.
Like the Katadhin Woods and Waters Monument debacle. Supporters pushed hard for the designation in the waning months of the Obama administration. Now opponents are pushing hard for the designation to be rescinded in the opening days of the Trump administration.
Now we've got federal officials spending tax dollars flying around doing reviews of Obama designations, and we've got our attorney general threatening to sue if the designation is rescinded — all of which amounts to a ginormous waste of time and a reopening of wounds created by the left/right tug-of-war.
The same script applies to the handling of health care. Under the Obama administration congressional Democrats crafted the Affordable Care Act behind closed doors with little Republican support. This act created the inevitable backlash fueling congressional Republicans to do the same thing now that they are in power.
Neither side has produced a health care plan that ensures health care coverage for all citizens, something 60 percent of Americans support.
Legislating by ideological pendulum swings isn't sustainable regardless of the issue at hand, nor does such legislating lead to the kind of progress citizens desperately need. It's time we started to think outside that box.
May 2 Granite Construction Inc:
* Granite reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 loss per share $0.60
* Q1 revenue $468.4 million versus I/B/E/S view $458.7 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.21 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Granite Construction Inc total contract backlog at $3.4 billion at the end of Q1, up 1.5 percent year-over-year
* Granite Construction Inc - maintaining our growth and guidance expectations for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
TIMMINS -
After finishing in third place in the regular season, Rehab Plus continued an impressive playoff run by stunning the Dunrite Rubber Wolfpack in Game 1 of the best-of-three Timmins Women's Soccer Club championship series Sunday night.
And Rehab Plus has yet to yield a goal in three playoff matches following their 2-0 victory over the Wolfpack at Timmins High & Vocational School.
To be fair, the Wolfpack — who finished in top spot in the regular season standings with a record of 13-3-2 — started the contest with just seven players on the field.
And the home squad was still shorthanded when Véronic Delage struck for the first of her two goals on the night at the 17-minute mark of the opening half.
“I saw one of my teammates kick the ball and their keeper (Sophie Carbonneau) went to get it, but it dropped out of her hands,” Delage said.
“I just kicked it in the net.”
Delage was credited with the second Rehab Plus strike about 18 minutes later, although it was the Wolfpack who put the ball into their own net when a clearing attempt from just outside the goal line struck a teammate and bounced off the crossbar and into the cage.
“When things are going well, you get breaks like that,” Delage said.
By that time, the Wolfpack were at full strength but they could not put any sustained pressure on the Rehab Plus defence.
Rehab Plus keepers Robyn Armstrong (first half) and Cynthia Sullivan (second half) were up to any challenge the Wolfpack were able to mount in the contest.
Delage realizes how important it was for Rehab Plus to draw first blood in the series.
“We know if we don't play quite as well in Game 2, we will still have a chance to win the championship,” she said.
“They (the Wolfpack) know now we are capable of challenging them. It would be nice now to finish them off in Game 2 and not let them back into the series. It would really be nice to defeat last year's championship team. That would be awesome.”
With the Wolfpack starting the game four players short, Rehab Plus enjoyed an early territorial advantage and that seemed to boost their confidence as the contest progressed.
“We were able to crash the net a lot,” Delage said.
“That's how we got both of our goals. Our possession of the ball and our communication was really good, as well.
“And we made sure we were always first to the ball. We didn't let them get there first tonight.”
With TWSC leading scorer Adriana Pacitto (20 goals in 17 regular-season games) away and not available for the series, the Wolfpack clearly looked out of sorts Sunday night.
Still, Wolfpack was not about to use that as an excuse following the defeat.
“We weren't dominated while we were playing shorthanded, but we definitely didn't excel,” he said.
“The girls did what they could to compete and we fell down a goal. Despite that, the girls still competed right up until the end. About 25 minutes into the contest we got to full strength and we played a decent defensive game.
“They didn't get a lot of shots, but they capitalized.”
Giving up an own goal certainly did not help the Wolfpack's cause Sunday night.
“You take them when you can get them and you get upset when the other team gets them,” Garito said.
“At the end of the day, we still had to score to win and we didn't. Rehab Plus played a pretty good game and we just didn't have it tonight.”
Garito feels having more players available will be the key to the Wolfpack winning Game 2 and extending the series.
“We need to have a couple of subs,” he said.
“Playing shorthanded doesn't help. Your players get exhausted early. You try to pick up the slack as your team shows up, but without at least one sub, it's hard.
“It doesn't help when you are missing two of your main players including the leading scorer in the league. That really takes our scoring punch away from us and that's what we didn't have tonight.”
Pacitto is away on a work placement for the entire week and there is no chance she will be available for Game 2 or Game 3 unless bad weather should force a delay in the series.
“She will be back for the banquet at the end of the week,” Garito said.
“It is unfortunate, but that's life.”
Even without Pacitto, Garito is confident the Wolfpack can rebound to win the series if everyone plays up to their potential.
Rehab Plus opened the TWSC playoffs with a 1-0 win over Tisdale Plumbing & Heating/Eclipse Financial in the quarter-finals and followed that up with a 5-0 win over the Investors Group in semifinal action.
The Wolfpack, meanwhile, had an opening-round bye and then edged the Restore Physiotherapy Pandas 2-1 in the other semifinal.
Game 2 in the best-of-three series will be played Tuesday at the Timmins Regional Athletics and Soccer Complex (upper field), starting at 6 p.m.
If necessary, Game 3 is scheduled to be played at the Timmins Regional Athletics and Soccer Complex (upper field) on Wednesday, starting at 6 p.m.
TEL AVIV British private equity fund Apax Partners [APAX.UL] will seek to take Israel's largest investment house Psagot public in 2018 at a company valuation of 3.7 billion shekels ($1 billion), a financial source familiar with the matter said on Monday.
"The amount to be floated has not been decided yet. A prospectus has not yet been prepared," the source, who asked not to be identified, told Reuters. The source said the listing would likely take place on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.
The value is about 1 billion shekels more than what Apax paid when it acquired Psagot in 2010.
Psagot manages 186 billion shekels on behalf of nearly 1 million clients.
A spokesman for Apax declined to comment. A spokesman for Psagot said it was an issue for the owners.
Two years ago Apax sold control of Tnuva, Israel's largest food company, to China's Bright Food [SHMNGA.UL].
On Sunday, Israeli media reported that Apax is close to finalising a deal to buy Israel-based Syneron Medical (ELOS.O), an aesthetic device company, for about $500 million. [L8N1HA030]
($1 = 3.6312 shekels)
(Reporting by Tova Cohen; editing by Luke Baker and Jason Neely)
ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Jordanian-Palestinian writer Ibrahim Nasrallah has won the International Prize for Arabic Fiction with a novel about humanity's capacity for savagery.
"The Second War of the Dog" was named winner at a ceremony Tuesday in the Emirates capital, Abu Dhabi.
Set in a dystopian future society, the book centers on an opponent of the regime who descends into brutal nihilism. The author has called it "a warning of what we could become in the future."
Ibrahim Al Saafin, who chaired the judging panel, said the book used "humor and insight" to expose society's tendency toward brutality.
Advertisement
Nasrallah's book was chosen from among 124 entries from 14 countries for the award, which is affiliated with Britain's prestigious Man Booker Prize.
He wins $50,000 and funding for an English translation of his novel.
May 3 Midea Group Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 1 yuan(before tax)/share for 2016 to shareholders of record on May 9
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on May 10 and the dividend will be paid on May 10
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/0Onq6X
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
MANCHESTER, England, April 29 Sunderland's 10-year stay in the Premier League ended on Saturday when they lost 1-0 at home to Bournemouth, leaving them 13 points adrift with four games remaining after Hull City held on for a goalless draw at Southampton.
Sunderland's fate looked set when Bournemouth's Josh King side-footed in the winner at the Stadium of Light in the 88th minute after a swift counter-attack.
A Hull defeat would have given Sunderland a stay of execution and when Southampton were awarded a penalty at St. Mary's in the final minute there was a glimmer of hope for David Moyes's team.
But Hull keeper Eldin Jakupovic dived low to save Dusan Tadic's penalty in the final minute and earn the 17th-placed Tigers a vital point in their own battle against the drop.
Sunderland had some chances but top scorer Jermain Defoe was not at his sharpest and, not for the first time this season, the home supporters flooded out of the ground before the final whistle.
"My feeling at the start of the season was it was going to be a hard graft," Moyes told BBC Radio.
"But ultimately today I feel for the supporters. They pay their hard-earned cash to come to the stadium and we have not given them enough this season," he said.
Middlesbrough, who play on Sunday at home to Manchester City, are in 19th place on 27 points while Swansea, who are at Manchester United on Sunday, are on 31 points and Hull are on 34.
The only other goal on a low-key Saturday, with none of the top seven teams playing, came at the Hawthorns where Jamie Vardy struck the winner for Leicester against West Brom in the 43rd minute.
Vardy finished with confidence after Shinji Okazaki latched on to a poor back pass from Salomon Rondon.
Stoke City were held to a goalless draw at home to West Ham while Crystal Palace were hosting Burnley later on Saturday.
On Sunday, leaders Chelsea are away to Everton while second-placed Tottenham are at home to North London rivals Arsenal. (Editing by Clare Fallon)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa. Matt Slocum AP Photo
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
The B.C. government is changing real estate laws in an effort to prevent flipping of condos from one buyer to another before they are built.
Finance Minister Carole James presented legislation Tuesday to require real estate developers to collect and report information on pre-sale condo assignments, to enforce the collection of property transfer tax on buyers.
“For too long, people who resell condos before they have been built have been inflating real estate prices, without necessarily paying taxes on their gains,” James said. “We are making it fairer for people who want to buy a condo, by making sure those who flip pre-sale condos pay their fair share.”
James said the information will not be publicly available, but will be shared with the Canada Revenue Agency, to make sure that capital gains tax as well as provincial property taxes are paid.
Franchise Directory is a leading online directory that brings franchisors and prospective franchisees together. The services have earned the trust of all concerned.
Franchise Directory
Contact
Franchise Directory
***@gmail.com Franchise Directory
End
-- Looking for a business opportunity that will not tax you? Are you a retired professional who is not about to spend his time doing nothing? A stay at mom, maybe? Well, if you happen to be any of these or are spending your days wondering what to do with a modest amount to invest, you have come to the right place. Franchise Directory offers you not one or two but multiple opportunities to live your dreams as an entrepreneur par excellence.The online directory allows looking at selected companies that are eager to franchise their businesses. You do not have to be apprehensive about getting cheated though. The franchise resource is committed to you and only showcases the companies that have a reputation for running clean operations with no mark to taint their years of service.Sure, you have to make an investment. Do not be scared at the thought though. You need not be a millionaire or have thousands of pounds that have been lying about gathering dust, oops, interest. Simply proceed to search with the range that you have in mind and you will find an astounding list chock-a-block with the names of companies that are looking for a franchisee.Now choose the industry that you are most interested in. It would help to pick the one you have had experience working for but a 0 experience does not matter in the least. Selecting one that is close to your heart helps! It would be best to learn a little about the company before agreeing to meet the business owners. It would also help you to draw up a list of queries that you need answered.The support that would be provided to you is likely to be detailed as well, within the directory itself so that you do not have to go flitting from one resource to another trying to wean information where there are none. Not having run a business before is no excuse for forgoing the chance of becoming a franchisee. Not only do you get the required impetus from your franchisor but you will also be pleased to receive both operational and management assistance along with invaluable training that will help you to earn profits in future.Visit http://franchise- directory.co.uk for more information
Britain Boxing - Anthony Joshua v Wladimir Klitschko IBF, IBO & WBA Super World Heavyweight Title's - Wembley Stadium, London, England - 29/4/17 Anthony Joshua celebrates with trainer Robert McCracken, promoter Eddie Hearn and his corner after winning the fight Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Couldridge
LONDON Anthony Joshua was hailed as "the biggest star in British sport and the biggest star in world boxing" after his exhilarating world heavyweight title triumph over Wladimir Klitschko on Saturday sky-rocketed him into the global sporting elite.
After the Briton's 11th round stoppage of Ukraine's rejuvenated former champion at Wembley Stadium in a heavyweight title fight for the ages, Joshua's handlers outlined ambitious plans to turn him into a global phenomenon.
Promoter Eddie Hearn envisages the charismatic, 27-year-old, who unified the IBF and WBA titles in front of a record-equalling 90,000 crowds, emulating his idol, Muhammad Ali, by taking his special talent around the world.
Just as Ali won the 'Rumble in the Jungle' with George Foreman in Zaire and the 'Thrilla in Manila' against Joe Frazier, Hearn has plans for Joshua to light up new venues in China, the Middle East and Africa.
"In terms of worldwide stardom, I said 'you win this fight and you become the biggest star in British sport and the biggest star in world boxing'," Hearn told reporters.
"The way he won confirmed it to me," added the promoter, after revealing that the British pay-per-view take up for the fight had been more than the record 1.15 million for the Manny Pacquaio-Floyd Mayweather 2015 'fight of the century'.
Joshua, the 2012 Olympic super-heavyweight champion, again made for scintillating TV, having to show considerable heart to go with his concussive power to recover from a sixth round knock-down -- the first of his unbeaten professional career.
He got up, took time to recover his senses and find a second wind before twice knocking down Klitschko in the 11th round before the referee came to the stricken Ukrainian's rescue. It was Joshua's 19th straight win inside the distance.
"Yet there's so much more improvement to come. By unifying the title, I think we completed phase two of the four phases in AJ's career," said Hearn.
Phase three, he said, would be the big-money defences around the globe. "The plan, rather than just keep going in the UK, is to explore and break new markets and boundaries," explained Hearn.
"Like the Middle East, China -- I could see him fighting in the Bird's Nest Stadium -- and Africa. I want to go worldwide with him. Ali was one of AJ's inspirations. He knows everything he did."
British boxing had rarely seen a night like this, so thrilling indeed that even the 'Terminator' himself, Arnold Schwarzenegger, was beside himself at ringside, tweeting that it was "one of the most exciting fights I have ever seen."
Even Klitschko, who said he would take time to decide whether to continue boxing at 41, reckoned: "It was a great night for boxing and the fans. You will probably be surprised by my statement, but I don't feel like I lost. Tonight, we all won."
On a heady night, the most unaffected figure of all seemed to be Joshua himself.
When asked about his new place in the global sporting pantheon, he just shrugged: "I'll let you guys enjoy it. How do I feel at the minute? Like I did before I won this fight.
"I'm a champion outside the ring, first and foremost. I'm a good man, a family man and I love life. Fighting is fun. I don't box for the belts or the money: I just enjoy it.
"I'm just happy that, after a lot of hype and expectation around this fight, it lived up to it all."
(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
HONG KONG: Asian markets moved cautiously Monday even as Chinese economic growth data beat expectations, with geopolitical concerns weighing on sentiment.
China's economy grew 6.9 percent in the first quarter of 2017, government data showed, marking the second quarterly improvement since the final three months of 2014.
The reading was better than the median analyst expectation of 6.8 percent in an AFP poll, and up on the fourth quarter figure.
But tensions on the Korean peninsula continued to affect markets Monday as US Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea not to test President Trump's resolve during a visit to the heavily militarised border between the two Koreas.
Relations between Pyongyang and Washington have reached new lows in recent weeks as a series of North Korean weapons tests have prompted warnings from Trump's administration.
Trump last week ordered a naval strike group led by the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier to the region, though the vessels remain a long way from the peninsula.
Shanghai fell 0.7 percent, Singapore dropped 0.8 percent while Manila and Jakarta were also down.
“China's financial regulation coupled with geopolitical risks surrounding North Korea have heightened risk aversion and put pressure on stocks,” Ken Chen, an analyst at KGI Securities Co. in Shanghai, told Bloomberg News.
But he added that “the downside should be limited as first-quarter figures showed economic fundamentals remained sound.”
Monday's figures also showed China's industrial output growth rose to 7.6 percent year-on-year in March, beating a Bloomberg estimate of 6.3.
The readings follow data showing robust foreign trade and a further expansion in factory activity driven by a pickup in production and demand last month.
Elsewhere, Hong Kong and Sydney were closed for a holiday, but Seoul rose 0.5 percent.
Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei 225 index — which closed at a 2017 low on Friday — also snapped a four day losing streak to gain 0.1 percent.
Shoichiro Yamauchi, an equity market strategist at Nomura Securities, told Bloomberg that bargain buying helped drag the Japanese market out of the red.
“Japanese shares already declined over the possibility of military action over North Korea last week, and they're fairly cheap,” Yamauchi said.
“Technical indicators are signalling shares are in oversold territory, and some investors appear to be short-covering.”
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week, dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015, the trade group sai
TORONTO — It's the final straw for plastic at Recipe Unlimited Corporation.
The restaurant giant, formerly known as Cara Operations, will start to ditch plastic straws at its 19 brands in August and replace them with compostable and biodegradable paper straws by the end of March 2019.
The company, which owns brands such as Harvey's, Swiss Chalet, Kelsey's and New York Fries, joins a growing group of Canadian restaurants and international food corporations that are phasing out the plastic drinking implements.
Recipe Unlimited, which has 1,382 restaurants, says compostable and biodegradable straws will automatically be provided with drink orders at its quick serve brands, including the Burgers Priest and St-Hubert. Paper straws will be available on request at its full-service restaurants like the Pickle Barrel, The Keg and Milestones.
"Straws are just one component of the work we're undertaking to eliminate single use plastics from our supply chain and shift to recyclable or compostable materials wherever possible," Frank Hennessey, Recipe Unlimited's chief executive officer, said in a statement.
A&W Canada said last month it would soon switch to paper straws, while Ikea Canada promised to phase out plastic straws by 2020. Plenty of local bars and dining establishments have made similar declarations.
McDonald's announced in June that it will switch to paper straws at all its locations in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and test an alternative to plastic ones in some of its U.S. restaurants later this year. However, a McDonald's Canada spokesman said it would monitor the trials in those countries before taking steps in Canada.
The shift comes amid global pressure from environmentalists demanding restaurants switch to compostable options in an effort to stop wildlife from getting stuck and injured by plastic and to prevent the material from littering coastlines and green spaces.
Experts say Canadians use about 57 million straws a day, but less than 20 per cent are recycled. They often recommend paper, metal or wood straws as alternatives.
However, plastic straw bans have also generated concerns among some people with disabilities who say they need them and worry that sweeping bans will have unintended consequences.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: A Union Jack flag flutters next to European Union flags at the EU Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium February 16, 2016. REUTERS/Yves Herman/File photo
BERLIN German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble told a German newspaper the European Union should take a tough stance in negotiations with Britain over its exit from the bloc after more than 40 years of membership.
British Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday formally notified Brussels of Britain's intention to quit the EU, triggering two years of talks to negotiate the terms of the divorce.
"We want to keep the Brits close but there are no rights without obligations," Schaeuble told the Friday edition of regional newspaper Osnabruecker Zeitung.
Schaeuble said the key task in Brexit talks was to minimise damage to both parties but he added that would be tough due to the many complicated issues involved and the two-year timeframe.
Britain will not maintain its current access to the European single market if it does not accept the rules associated with it, he said.
Schaeuble said the aim was not to punish Britain and Brexit would hurt Britain and all other countries in Europe anyway.
"But it is of course important that we keep the rest of the EU together," he said.
Schaeuble said EU member states should be prepared for Britain to try to play them off each other but warned that they needed to be united in talks with the London government.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Editing by Alison Williams)
SAN FRANCISCO: Neuroscientists at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), have discovered that the animal brain reinforces motor skills during deep sleep.
In the study published in Nature Neuroscience, the researchers found that during non-rapid eye movement, or non-REM, sleep, slow brain waves bolster neural touchpoints that are directly related to a task that was newly learned while awake.
Led by Karunesh Ganguly, associate professor of neurology at UCSF, the team implanted electrodes in the motor region of rats' brains to send electrical signals to a computer, which then drove movement of a detached mechanical device, in a system known as a brain-machine interface (BMI).
Tanuj Gulati, a postdoctoral scholar and lead author of the study, explained in a news release that a particular neuron may normally be devoted to controlling a limb, but a new relationship of that neuron could be created with an external device. The redirected neuron, in this case, will contribute to controlling the external device, and the researchers can track the activity of this neuron to see how the brain integrates this new association.
Gulati and colleagues connected neurons in rat brains to implanted electrodes, which controlled a mechanical waterspout. The source of water was behind a tiny door facing away from the mice. Because the spout faced away, the rats had to learn to use a computer-driven mechanism to move it toward them. As the rats explored several strategies to control the spout, they sometimes activated neurons adjacent to the electrodes. When the proper neurons were activated, the computer moved the waterspout.
“Eventually the rats learn to delink actual movements from the spout – they know they don't really need to flinch their arm or do anything to make it move,” Gulati was quoted as saying. “All they have to do is volitionally control the pipe and it will come to them.”
The researchers noticed that once rats got the hang of the task while awake, certain neural patterns kept “replaying” during sleep. And these same patterns persisted after the rats woke up, which led over time to improvements in the rats' performance on the task.
To reveal sleep's contribution to successful learning, the team used optogenetics, a tool that uses light to turn neurons on or off, to suppress neural activity in a small region of the brain while the rats were sleeping deeply. Because optogenetic manipulations are precisely targeted, there was no change in the structure or amount of sleep, only a relatively small tweak in the firing patterns of the targeted brain cells.
The study confirms that truly task-relevant neural patterns are reviewed during sleep, which enables them to survive after sleep to sharpen motor performance. It is the first evidence to show that neural reactivation and rescaling, namely strengthening and weakening, both happen together during deep sleep.
The findings could lead to new medical stimulation devices, and consumer-driven wearable devices, or “electroceuticals,” which stimulate brain cells and improve learning as people snooze.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Labour bosses fear Port Talbot could cost German jobs
* To be informed about steel restructuring plans on Friday
* European steel business currently profitable (Adds comment on Port Talbot, details on steel business)
ESSEN, Germany, April 5 Thyssenkrupp's works council chief said on Wednesday he would oppose any further restructuring of the German industrial group's European steel business until there was clarity over a possible merger with Tata Steel Europe.
Labour bosses fear that cuts could be made at Thyssenkrupp's German steel sites, which employ 25,000, to make room to absorb Tata's ailing steel plant in Port Talbot, Wales where a deal has been struck to protect jobs and investments.
Thyssenkrupp's chief executive Heinrich Hiesinger has signalled there would be more restructuring, with or without a merger. Labour representatives expect to be informed about the latest plans at a meeting on Friday.
"We told Hiesinger: 'Talbot never ever'," works council chief Wilhelm Segerath told reporters after a works council conference. He declined to say ahead of Friday's meeting what workers might be prepared to do if their demands were not met.
Thyssenkrupp's European steel business, which accounts for around a fifth of group sales, has been through repeated restructurings. It is currently profitable thanks partly to new anti-dumping tariffs that have limited cheap imports to Europe.
Thyssenkrupp - which also makes lifts, submarines and car parts - exited its American steel business this year with a deal to sell its money-losing Brazilian steel mill to Ternium for 1.26 billion euros ($1.3 billion). (Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
WASHINGTON — The White House says that U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Kelly Knight Craft as the next U.S. ambassador to Canada.
Knight Craft is a big-money political donor and philanthropist with personal ties to the coal industry and professional connections to the White House and the U.S. Senate.
The Kentucky woman was appointed by President George W. Bush to serve as a United States delegate to the United Nations in 2007 and she also co-founded a charity to provide food, shelter and clothing to Sri Lankan children left homeless or orphaned following the devastating Asian tsunami of 2004.
Knight Craft's nomination to become the American ambassador to Canada needs to be approved by the U.S. Senate.
Her husband is coal billionaire Joe Craft, who is considered Kentucky's most powerful non-elected individual.
He was a critic of the Obama administration's climate policies and drove an SUV with a licence plate stamped with the slogan, “Friends of Coal.”
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
April 10 Harland Clarke Holdings Corp:
* Retailmenot to be acquired by harland clarke holdings for $11.60 per share in cash
* Retailmenot Inc - transaction, which has been unanimously approved by Retailmenot's board of directors, has an equity value of approximately $630 million
* Retailmenot-Deal to be effected through tender offer by a wholly-owned unit of HCH for all of outstanding shares of series 1 common stock of retailmenot
* Retailmenot Inc - upon completion of transaction, Retailmenot will become a privately held company
* Retailmenot Inc says in light of transition, Retailmenot will not provide earnings guidance going forward Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Annie Reuter
Selena Gomez may have found a new career. The singer recently unveiled a hilarious clip with Coach where she plays the role of a news anchor alongside Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers. The 40-second snippet has Gomez perfecting her fake television laugh, discussing breaking news, reading traffic reports and much more.
Related: Selena Gomez Cast in Woody Allen's Next Project
Gomez first announced her partnership with Coach in December. In addition to filming parodies, the singer has collaborated with the brand to help design several bags, wristlets and leather accessories. For more on her collection at Coach, visit the designer's website and watch her hilarious parody below.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
In a letter first reported Sunday by the Wall Street Journal, 45 US trade groups representing everything from the high-tech industry to apparel vendors and auto parts importers said planned tariffs on China shipments would backfire sooner or later.
"The imposition of sweeping tariffs would trigger a chain reaction of negative consequences for the US economy, provoking retaliation," the letter said.
"It would stifle US agriculture, goods and services exports and raise costs for businesses and consumers," feared the groups and companies that had signed the letter, including Apple, Alphabet, Walmart and Nike.
Watch video 01:01 Share China promises economic opening Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2tiOC China promises economic opening
Think twice
They added "the Trump administration should not respond to unfair Chinese practices and policies by imposing tariffs or other measures that will harm US companies … and investors."
Rather, the US "should work with like-minded partners to address common concerns with China's trade and investment policies."
Among other things, the US administration had accused Beijing of forcing US companies to turn over proprietary commercial information and intellectual property as a condition of operating in the Asian nation.
US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer recently proposed a package of tariffs on China, with the trade deficit with Beijing running to a record $375 billion (€306 billion) last year.
With US tariffs announced on major imports including steel and aluminum, trade war fears have left markets jittery and US trading partners torn between conciliation and retaliation.
Watch video 01:39 Share Trump tariffs threaten trade Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uKz8 Trump tariffs threaten trade
hg/jd (AFP, Reuters)
April 6 Teamsters:
* Teamsters, Southwest Airlines reach tentative agreement for material specialists
* Agreement is a result of bargaining that led to an agreement-in-principle on March 3, 2017
* Teamsters says over 300 members to receive pay increases and signing bonuses
* Teamsters says new agreement with southwest also eliminates the two-tier pay scale and the 21-year maximum salary cap by creating a new 11-year scale
* Agreement covers members of Teamsters Locals 19, 986, 455,104, 781, 769 and 210 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
On a mission to create awareness about the benefits of Miracle Fruit for those in need.
1 2 3 4 5 Erik and Kris Tietig at Miracle Fruit Farm booth Newly released Miracle Fruit Tablets Kris and wife,MJ Tietig at the NutraIngredients Awards Tietigs at the Miracle Fruit Farm Fresh picked Miracle Fruit berries at the Miracle Fruit Farm in Miami, FL.
End
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Friday, Trump told reporters that the United States will not rule out taking military action against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government amid ongoing deadly protests in Venezuela. At the same time, Pentagon spokesperson Eric Pahon said that the US Department of Defense had not been ordered to take military action against the Latin American state.
“The Armed Forces of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela reiterate their peaceful intentions, but confirm their sacramental oath to sacrifice themselves protecting the homeland and its institutions if required,” Lopez said.
The Venezuelan official said that that his ministry condemned the statements of Trump and considered them as “one of the most significant threats” in regards to Caracas.
Venezuela has been facing mass deadly protests since spring. In late July, the election of delegates to the National Constituent Assembly, which would be in charge of rewriting the country's Constitution, took place at the initiative of Maduro. The election of the body criticized by the opposition has resulted in the escalation of protests and more victims.
The United States has also criticized the move to elect the National Constituent Assembly, urging Maduro to respect the country's constitution and human rights.
© Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Latin America
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Pharmaceutical company Sanofi has slapped back at Roseanne Barr after she blamed sleep aid Ambien for an offensive tweet, saying "racism is not a known side effect" of its products.
The tweet led the ABC network to cancel its hit revival of the Roseanne sitcom, whose popularity President Donald Trump has cited as evidence his supporters, who include Barr, want shows that speak to their concerns.
Barr sparked widespread anger, including at ABC, with a since-deleted tweet comparing Valerie Jarrett, an adviser to President Barack Obama, to an ape. Barr wrote that if the Islamist political movement "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj."
Late Tuesday and into Wednesday morning Barr called that message "unforgiveable."
"It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible," she wrote in a message that has since been deleted. "I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but...don't defend it please."
Sanofi responded Wednesday morning.
"People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world," its US arm said on Twitter. "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
The original Roseanne ran from 1988 to 1997, featuring a blue-collar family, the Conners, with overweight parents struggling to get by. It was praised for its realistic portrayal of working-class life.
The current incarnation was ABC's biggest hit of the 2017-2018 season, drawing an average 18.7 million viewers, second only to The Big Bang Theory.
Trump himself weighed in on the cancellation on Wednesday, noting Disney CEO Bob Iger had called Jarrett but did not contact him when ABC aired controversial statements about his presidency.
May 3 Seaboard Corp
* Seaboard Corp says earnings per common share $ 71.84 for three months ended april 1, 2017
* Seaboard Corp says board of directors has authorized and declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.50 per share of its common stock
* Seaboard Corp says qtrly net sales $1,399 million versus. $1,319 million last year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ALMATY, April 6 Kazakhstan's biggest lender, Kazkommertsbank (KKB), needs to come up with a plan how to create 908 billion tenges ($2.9 billion) in loan loss provisions by April 10, the bank said on Thursday citing a central bank order.
The Central Asian nation's central bank said last month a state-run "bad bank" would buy 2.4 trillion tenge ($7.5 billion) of bad loans from Kazkommertsbank, paving the way for a takeover by its closest rival, Halyk Bank.
This month, the central bank instructed KKB to implement a number of corrective measures, including limitations on payments of dividends and bonuses, as well as asset disposals, KKB said in a statement on Thursday.
By April 17 KKB must also submit to the central bank an action plan aimed at strengthening its internal controls and risk management systems as well as outlining how it will implement the corrective measures.
KKB did not say what penalties it could face for missing the deadlines set by the regulator. (Reporting by Olzhas Auyezov; Editing by Jon Boyle)
Staff Reports
TROY — The Miami County Bombers club rugby team will play for a Division II state championship at 1 p.m. Saturday at Fortress Obetz Athletic Field near Columbus.
The Bombers are a club team comprised primarily of players from Miami County high schools, as well as several players from the surrounding area. The Bombers will take on Highland, a team from the Medina area, in Saturday's championship match.
The Bombers are undefeated this season. In the state semifinal match, the Bombers defeated the Columbus Crusaders 34-5 to reach the state title match.
Local players for the Bombers include: freshman Carter Andrews (Troy High School), senior Kameron Block (Troy High School), senior Joel Blount (Troy High School), sophomore Nathaniel Cospey (Piqua High School), junior Brandon Cox (Piqua High School), senior Luke Earhart (Lehman High School), junior Aidan Hicks (Troy Christian High School), sophomore Evan Hicks (Piqua High School), freshman Noah Leach (Troy High School), junior Arturo Mendoza (Piqua High School), sophomore Trevor Nicholas (Piqua High School), senior James Partin (Troy High School), freshman Michael Pfefferle (Troy Christian High School), junior Kyler Pleasant (Upper Valley Career Center), sophomore Carlos Quintero (Troy High School), freshman Ramon Quintero (Troy High School), sophomore Elijah Reynolds (Troy High School), sophomore Jacob Schneider (Piqua High School), freshman Logan Wilson (Troy High School) and sophomore Caleb Hundley (Troy Christian High School).
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
How to get your Christmas tree home by car
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Christmas is over and we go back to work, that tree in the corner beigins to look a bit sad.
It's probably lost most of its needles and is more of an annoyance, taking up space rather than brightening up the room.
So when should you be thinking of taking down your tree and decorations?
The tradition, since Victorian times, is to do it on Twelfth Night.
That's January 5, with January 6, aka the Feast of the Epiphany, as the very last day on which you can take them down.
Leaving decorations up any longer is supposed to bring bad luck. But you want them out of the way by then anyway, don't you?
Goodness knows how they coped until the 19th century, when people would keep their decorations up until Candlemas Day on February 2.
Even the Birmingham Hippodrome pantomime doesn't last that long.
What to do with your Christmas tree
Birmingham City Council is offering free tree recycling for all its citizens from January 6 to January 31.
Just take your tree to the visitor centre at any of its four country parks between 7.30am and 3.30pm.
That's Woodgate Valley Country Park, Lickey Hills Country Park, Sheldon Country Park and Sutton Park.
If you have trouble getting to a park or centre, or can't get the tree back in the car now it's out of his netting sleeve, then you could try a scheme which also helps a charity.
St Mary's Hospice will come and collect your real tree in return for a suggested donation of £10 or more on the weekend of Saturday and Sunday, January 14-15.
Volunteers are operating the Treecycling in these postcode areas – B13 Moseley, B14 Kings Heath, B15 Edgbaston, B17 Harborne, B26 Yardley, B27 Acocks Green, B28 Hall Green, B29 Selly Oak/Selly Park, B30 Bournville, B31 Northfield, B38 Kings Norton, B91 and B92 Solihull.
Click here to register for the collection.
Recycling your Christmas cards and wrapping paper
The UK is estimated to use almost 300,000 tonnes of card packaging at Christmas, enough to make a cardboard motorway stretching from Birmingham to Lapland and back 110 times.
Recycle Now is urging consumers to recycle this material rather than bin it.
Shiny and metallic varieties of wrapping paper are not recyclable, so the campaign advises people to use the ‘scrunch test' to check. If you scrunch the paper in your hand and it stays in a ball then it can by recycled but it can't if the paper springs back.
If you're recycling bin is full, several shops such as Marks and Spencer run card recycling schemes to raise funds for charity.
The Woodland Trust's scheme with M&S is backed by stars including Dermot O'Leary and Julia Bradbury.
For every 1,000 cards dropped in to M&S stores in January, a tree is planted by the Woodland Trust. Last year 32 million cards were collected and 32,000 trees planted.
In the 19 years since the scheme started, half a billion cards have been donated and 245,000 trees planted.
Limestone Market: Overview
Limestone is a naturally occurring sedimentary rock. It consists of calcium carbonate (CaCO3) in its extremely pure form. Limestone is created by the accumulation of fossils of various marine organisms such as coral, algae, and molluscs and also by the precipitation of calcium carbonate from oceans, lakes, and other water bodies. It is available in various forms such as stones, aggregates, crushed, and also powders of different dimensions.
The shape, dimension, and size of limestone depends on the purpose of its use. For example, in agriculture, the limestone used is coarse or medium ground, whereas in building & construction, it is preferred to be utilized in its crushed stone form.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/limestone-market.html
Limestone is employed as a raw material for manufacturing cement, steel, as well as lime, which are of commercial importance in a number of applications. The different variants of limestone based on its application include chemical lime, industrial lime, refractory lime, and construction-based lime.
Limestone Market: Trends
Limestone is used in applications such as construction & construction materials, water treatment, food & beverages, agriculture, plastic, and paper making. The market for limestone is predicted to be driven by the wide range of applications offered by the mineral. There has been a rise in the use of limestone in applications such as metal & paper manufacturing, steel production, and cement & glass manufacturing.
With rapid urbanization and industrialization, demand for cement has increased widely, which is expected to drive the limestone market during the forecast period. Another upcoming application of limestone is its usage in water treatment and agriculture as a fertilizer, since it is capable of neutralizing the acidity of soil and supplying sufficient calcium for plant nutrition.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24791
Limestone is also used as a substitute for lime in biochemical assays and construction activities to a certain extent. The market for limestone is likely to expand rapidly during the forecast period due to the wide range of properties it possesses.
Limestone reacts with acid rain and is known to wear away. Special care needs to be taken of buildings consisting limestone during adverse climatic conditions. This could prove to be a major restraint for the global market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
RPT-COLUMN-OPEC and U.S. shale drillers are on collision course: Kemp
LONDON, June 14 The oil market is on an unsustainable course with output from U.S. shale and other non-OPEC sources 010increasing rapidly, while OPEC and its allies trim production to reduce inventories and prop up prices.
Guyana to host ICAO Air Transport conference for the first time
Guyana will for the first time host the 2018 International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) Air Transport Conference; a significant responsibility it has earned following the improvement in its compliance with ICAO.
The five-day conference, which will be held in November later this year, was officially launched today at the Umana Yana, Kingston Georgetown.
Director General of the Guyana Civil Aviation Authority (GCAA) retired Lieutenant Colonel Egbert Field said that ICAO has recognised the transformation in Guyana's aviation sector, particularly the tremendous support it has received from the government over the past few years through the Ministry of Public Infrastructure.
It was as a result of this, approval was granted by the international air regulatory body for Guyana to host the much-anticipated event.
“Guyana has been moving very, very strongly upward in the ladder of compliance with ICAO, and ICAO has recognised this. ICAO is looking at Guyana as one of the model countries,” the Director-General was quoted by government's Department of Public Information as telling the packed auditorium which included Ministers of Government and members of the Diplomatic Corps.
It was in November of 2017, that Guyana was awarded the ICAO presidential certificate for being one of the 12 most improved states in the world in the sector of aviation. “This is what the Council and President have seen. They see the promise, they see that there are a number of priorities that the government is placing emphasis on. They said it is time for Guyana to be taken up the ladder and be held for the world to see,” Fields said.
Meanwhile, delivering featured remarks at the media launch, Junior Minister of Public Infrastructure Annette Ferguson stressed the integral role air transport plays in the aviation industry. She noted that more than 80 percent of persons navigate between Guyana and the rest of the world by air; hence its importance should not be undervalued.
According to Minister Ferguson, air transport supports a variety of sectors and activities including agriculture, forestry mining, tourism and social services and therefore contributes significantly towards the development of nations.
“Air transport is vital to global development. ICAO estimates that the aviation sector has directly and indirectly supported over 67.3 million jobs worldwide and contributes approximately US$2.7 trillion to the global economy. So, the magnitude of the impact tells you how critical such an industry is toward economic development.”
The matters that will be discussed at the conference fall under the broad themes of Tourism and Trade and Investment. These will include national aviation issues, investment to bolster the aviation sector, stimulating investment to finance the aviation sector and promoting air links between African states and the African diaspora.
Detroit Film Company shoots ‘Nain Rouge' with Orion extras
By Jim Newell
Review Editor
Keep telling yourself, “It's only a movie, it's only a movie.”
Anyone in Lake Orion on Friday afternoon may have seen the angry mob descending on Village Hall; heard the cries for help and demands for answers; and witnessed the “mayor” assure a colorful group of characters that “all their concerns would be addressed.”
Remember, it's only a movie.
The Detroit Film Company was in town to shoot a scene for “Devil's Night: Dawn of the Nain Rouge,” using local extras and locales as a backdrop for the film.
The film, based on a Detroit legend, is a horror/police thriller set in Detroit and a fictional Lake Orion.
Lake Orion Police Chief Jerry Narsh has been serving as a consultant on the film. Lead actor Jesi Jensen has trained with Narsh and members of the LOPD to bring authenticity to her role as a Lake Orion police officer.
About 50 people answered the call for extras to play angry townsfolk in the film, many of them Orion residents. The scene calls for residents to carry signs and demand answers from the mayor, played by Amy Andrews of Fox 2 News Detroit fame, after a series of grisly deaths in the fictional Lake Orion.
Tiffany Edwards and Alyson Anderson, both of Lake Orion, played two of the angry townspeople. Neither had been in a movie before but thought it would be fun to participate as extras.
“It was awesome. And I'm right by the camera, so I hope that I will be in it a lot,” Edwards said. “It was harder than I expected, to make sure that I was doing everything right and when they wanted it. I think the shoot is going to look really cool.”
“It felt different. It was interesting. I've never done this before,” Anderson said. “It was longer than I expected. It' interesting to really see how much goes on behind the scenes.”
The shoot took about four hours and multiple takes to get the placement, crowd reactions and dialogue matched.
Anderson said she likes that she is going to be in a movie and thinks Lake Orion residents will like seeing other residents in the film and Orion-area locations.
Narsh, who plays Police Chief Anthony Romano, and about 13 Lake Orion police officers also appear in the film.
“I like what the filmmakers are doing. They're committed to sharing a lot of positive things in Lake Orion,” Narsh said.
“Nain Rouge” is directed/produced by Sam Logan Khaleghi, an Emmy-nominated producer. Istvan Lettang is the film's cinematographer.
Khaleghi was raised in Detroit and graduated from West Bloomfield High School, and has a bachelor's degree from the University of Michigan-Dearborn and master's degree from Northwestern University.
In 2013, Khaleghi directed and starred in the feature length art house drama, Approaching Midnight.
The Nain Rouge, French for “red dwarf,” is a local legend about a mythical creature said to haunt the Detroit area. The Ottawa tribe originally believed it was a protector of the area; later it was feared by the inhabitants of the city as a “harbinger of doom.”
Jesi Jensen plays Billy Jean Finnick, an LOPD officer who investigates the strange occurrences. Actors Nate Kane and Ammar Nemo play undercover Lake Orion police officers who help investigate the case.
Jensen said she's enjoyed training with LOPD and that the shoot has been going “Amazing. Everyone's really excited. The Lake Orion Police Department has been so accommodating and welcoming. Chief Narsh has done everything in his power to make sure I'm accurate (as a police officer).
“It's an honor to wear the uniform and I don't want to misrepresent the LOPD. I told the chief that I want to make sure that no one thinks I'm misrepresenting the police.”
The film will continue shooting for another month or so, and is expected to be released next spring in Imagine Theaters nationwide.
On the web: www.facebook.com/NainRougeFilm.
FILE PHOTO: New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg greets Gilbert Baker as they take part in the annual Gay Pride parade in New York City, June 30, 2002. REUTERS/Jeff Christensen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg greets Gilbert Baker as they take part in the annual Gay Pride parade in New York City, June 30, 2002. REUTERS/Jeff Christensen/File Photo
Gilbert Baker, a San Francisco-based activist and artist best known for creating the rainbow flag representing gay rights, has died at the age of 65, his longtime friend announced on social media on Friday.
"My dearest friend in the world is gone. Clive Baker gave the world the rainbow flag, he gave me forty years of love and friendship," Cleve Jones said on Twitter.
No details were immediately available on the cause of Baker's death or where he died. According to the biography posted on his official website, he had been living in New York City.
Jones also tweeted a photo of Baker with former President Barack Obama, inviting mourners to meet him under a rainbow flag in the Castro district of San Francisco on Friday evening to remember his friend.
Baker, who was born in Kansas in 1951, was stationed in San Francisco in the early 1970s while serving in the U.S. Army, at the start of the gay rights movement.
According to the website biography Baker began making banners for gay rights and anti-war protests, often at the request of Harvey Milk, who would become the first openly gay man elected to public office in California when he won the 1977 race for a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
Milk rode under the first rainbow flags made by Baker at the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Parade in June 1978, just months before the politician was murdered by a former city supervisor, the biography says.
(Reporting by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by James Dalgleish)
April 29 Highlights from week 10 of Super Rugby:
CHIEFS 27 SUNWOLVES 20
Livewire fullback Damian McKenzie scored a brace of tries as the Waikato Chiefs held off a dogged Sunwolves in Hamilton on Saturday.
The pint-sized playmaker touched down in the 40th and 60th minutes and also slotted two conversions and a penalty to rack up 17 points for the hosts on a drizzly night at Waikato Stadium.
In their second season, the Tokyo-based Sunwolves showed their improvement against the dominant New Zealanders and despite having two players sent off after the final siren, they defended stoutly on their try-line to deny the hosts a bonus point.
Fumiaki Tanaka and Derek Carpenter crossed in the second half for the Sunwolves, with Hika Elliot and Solomona Alaimalo scoring early tries for the Chiefs, who notched their eighth win of the season.
READ MORE
Red-hot Highlanders rack up record win over Stormers
Concussion forces All Blacks lock Broadhurst into retirement
All Blacks enforcer Kaino out for up to six weeks
Brumbies give short shrift to Rebels merger proposal
Six match ban for Sharks centre Esterhuizen
Super Rugby Fixtures
HIGHLANDERS 57 STORMERS 14
The Otago Highlanders ran in nine tries in Dunedin to hand South Africa's Stormers a thumping at the hands of New Zealand opposition for the second straight week.
Fijian winger Patrick Osborne scored two tries and created another for centre Rob Thompson as the home side crossed five times in the first half on their way to their fifth straight win and a record points tally against the Stormers.
Winger Waisake Naholo and number eight Liam Squire also crossed before the break with Naholo adding his second and flanker Dillon Hunt, replacement hooker Greg Pleasants-Tate and replacement back Matt Faddes also scoring in the second half.
The Stormers, who lost 57-24 to the Canterbury Crusaders last week, scored the first and penultimate tries of the match through loose forward Nizaam Carr and replacement scrumhalf Dewaldt Duvenage but fell to their third successive defeat.
(Compiled by Nick Mulvenney; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Egyptian Small- and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs) Association and World Association for Small and Medium Enterprises (WASME) will sign a cooperation protocol before the end of January to support the owners of SMEs in Egypt, according to Khaled Nagaty, head of the Egyptian SMEs Association and vice president of WASME.
Nagaty said that the cooperation between both parties aims to benefit from the training academy affiliated to WASME to serve the owners and those responsible for operating these businesses.
The Egyptian SMEs Association held a press conference last week to announce reviving its activities after it stopped working for a number of years, and its working plan in the next period. The announcement came after its board was reformed.
During the conference, Nagaty said that the Egyptian SMEs Association aims to support the owners of the medium, small, very small, and micro enterprises, as well as young graduates.
Merging the informal economy with the formal one comes as one of the association's major goals which it is seeking to achieve in the next period, according to Nagaty, saying that he asked to hold a meeting with the minister of finance to discuss how to achieve that and the role of the Egyptian SMEs Association in that regard.
A tax exemption of at least three years has to be granted to the owners of these businesses, and financing programmes at low interest rates have to be allocated to any programme switching from the informal economy to the formal one, in order to encourage them to make that move, said Nagaty.
He added that the Egyptian SMEs Association also seeks to train youth and university graduates who want to start small enterprises, saying that the training includes administrative training for the owners and technical training for the workers.
According to Nagaty, the Egyptian SMEs Association is currently involved in talks with the Leadership and Management Development Center, other associations, and international bodies with representation in Egypt to carry out the training.
In another context, Galal Khamis, general secretary of the Egyptian SMEs Association, announced the launch of a contest to choose 10 new projects that are able to be applied, saying that all the projects that will be presented will be reviewed by a specialised committee.
Khamis said that the Egyptian SMEs Association will showcase the winning projects in front of the financing bodies after completing all the procedures and preparing the studies and documents needed for the financing. He also said that Metropolitan Egypt for consulting, the credit consultant of the Egyptian SMEs Association, in conducting feasibility studies for the winning projects.
He added that the Egyptian SMEs Association will receive applications from 10 to 30 January through its website.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
ILOILO City – Police seized 10 sachets of shabu in a buy-bust operation in Barangay Poblacion Ilaya, Calinog, Iloilo.
Antonio Panza, 38, and Wilbert Entiliso, 33 – both from Barangay Lampaya, Calinog – were arrested.
They sold a sachet of shabu to undercover police officers for P300 around 8:30 p.m. on Thursday, a police report showed.
Nine more plastic packs of the same substance were seized from them, the police report stated.
The suspects were detained at the Calinog police station lockup cell.
They faced charges for violation of the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002./PN
April 6 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
* Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council role. on.ft.com/2oDqv32
* Trump signals tougher stance on Syria. on.ft.com/2oDuE79
* Pepsi withdraws Kendall Jenner ad after social media backlash. on.ft.com/2oDqmN1
Overview
* U.S. President Donald Trump removed his chief strategist Steve Bannon from the National Security Council on Wednesday, reversing his controversial decision early this year to give a political adviser an unprecedented role in security discussions.
* U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government of going "beyond a red line" with a poison gas attack on civilians, but he declined to spell out how or whether his administration would respond.
* PepsiCo pulled a commercial featuring model Kendall Jenner on Wednesday after the ad prompted outrage and ridicule from those who said it trivialized rights protests and public unrest in the United States.
(Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Actor Harvey Keitel attends the 2016 amfAR New York Gala at Cipriani Wall Street in Manhattan, New York February 10, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
NEW YORK Harvey Keitel, the Oscar-nominated actor whose movies include "Taxi Driver" and "Pulp Fiction," has lost a lawsuit he brought over a starring role he did not get in E*Trade commercials.
A New York state judge in Manhattan this week dismissed Keitel's lawsuit accusing E*Trade Financial Corp of reneging on a January 2014 contract for the online brokerage to feature him in three commercials for $1.5 million.
Keitel, 77, said E*Trade agreed to have him do the commercials, after the actor Christopher Walken had declined to participate, only to decide unexpectedly to move "in a different direction" and instead offer only a $150,000 termination fee.
Justice Charles Ramos of state supreme court, however, said a written "term sheet" for hiring Keitel merely lay the groundwork for a contract, and that there was no "meeting of the minds" about what the contract should say.
He said it did not matter that employees of E*Trade's ad agency and a marketing firm it hired were exchanging emails, which Keitel did not see at the time, calling the offer firm.
Ramos also noted that Keitel's agent was still negotiating, including in an email in which she said Keitel "really wants a director who knows his work. Maybe someone like Ridley Scott, etc," on the day before E*Trade changed course.
Ramos' decision was dated Monday and filed with the court clerk the following evening. E*Trade's headquarters are in midtown Manhattan.
Victor Bushell, a lawyer for Keitel, did not immediately respond on Thursday to requests for comment.
Marc Greenwald, a lawyer for E*Trade, said: "E*Trade is pleased that the court recognized that its advertising agent's expression of interest wasn't an enforceable agreement, and that the court properly dismissed this case with prejudice."
The case is Keitel v. E*Trade Financial Corp, New York State Supreme Court, New York County, No. 652220/2015.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
A man claimed he was discriminated against. While he didn't fight the management at the time, he's now suing.
Black veteran kicked out of a Cracker Barrel after manager lies about him cursing at a waitress: lawsuit https://t.co/1XQOQozXmO pic.twitter.com/XfAhHvE5IL — #Resist ?? (@ZaibatsuNews) April 24, 2018
Randy Freeman, a black veteran and business owner, has filed a lawsuit against Cracker Barrel, claiming that he was kicked out of the restaurant after the manager lied about his behavior.
The 57-year-old man, who owns a motor coach company, was having dinner with his passengers in Cross Lanes, West Virginia, when the manager at the restaurant accused him of cursing at a waitress.
But according to at least three witnesses who saw how Freeman ordered and what happened afterward, the man acted in a “normal manner.”
The official complaint, which is filed on his behalf by Philadelphia-based discrimination attorney Sekou Campbell, claimed that after trying to reach out to the company, it failed to answer.
Cracker Barrel, the suit added, has “a history of discrimination in its stores.” As such, the company's racist behavior ended up “leading to a nine-year consent decree to remedy customer and employee-based discrimination with the United States Department of Justice.”
The suit claimed that the company is guilty of defamation, outrageous treatment, and racial discrimination.
“I was embarrassed and worried about the consequences of resisting my ejectment because I owed my ultimate responsibility to my motor coach passengers who would've been stranded had I been arrested for refusing to leave,” Freeman said, recalling just how he put his responsibility before his own feelings at the time. “So, I left without raising my voice or otherwise resisting the managers' commands.”
It's a terrible day in America when anyone is discriminated against because of the color of their skin. But worse than simply being discriminated against, this man appears to have been mistreated and then lied about, because of his skin color.
We hope this case helps shed some light on what exactly happened. If it turns out the manager's actions were discriminatory, we can only hope the justice system makes sure that this company, as well as others, learn that there are consequences for this type of behavior.
Banner/Thumbnail Credit: Flickr, Amy the Nurse
On a dusty highway in northern India, a 32-year-old woman draws her scarf tightly around her face to protect it from the searing wind. It's only late morning, but already 45 degrees Celsius (113 Fahrenheit) outside.
Rajeshwari Singh is on a mission. She's doing a gruelling 1,100-kilometer (683-mile) walk from western India's Vadodara City to the country's capital New Delhi.
All in the name of fighting India's plastic "menace," she says.
"This journey is about going and reaching out to grassroots people, because the plastic problem issue prevails everywhere in India," explains Singh, who has donned a white t-shirt with the slogans "let's walk for awareness" and "my waste, my responsibility."
While Indians use considerably less plastic per capita than the global average (11 kilograms compared to 28 kilograms, or 24 to 61 pounds), the country still generates 15,000 tons of plastic waste every day.
The government says 9,000 tons is collected and recycled, although civil society groups believe the real figure is lower. The rest ends up in landfills or littering the landscape. The extent of the problem is apparent on Singh's route.
Burning trash and toothbrush twigs
As she walks along a national highway, she passes a landfill piled high with plastic waste.
Child waste-pickers holding a sack
Waste-pickers, of whom there are estimated to be more than 1.5 million across the country, scour the site for recyclable refuse, including plastic.
Read more: Fighting for clean beaches in Mumbai
Some of it has been set alight in an effort to reduce the size of the heap, and Singh pulls her scarf over her mouth and nose even tighter to mask the toxic smell and dark black smoke.
Around 12 years ago, Singh — who runs a nonprofit mobile school initiative in Vadodara to impart basic knowledge to waste-pickers — vowed to avoid plastic after becoming aware of just how polluting it was.
As she walks, she encourages the crowd of local government officials, nearby villagers and activists that have joined her for part of her journey to "become responsible citizens" and follow her lead.
A group of young girls has also come to greet the anti-plastic crusader with fresh rose buds. Eighteen-year-old Sarita Devi is inspired by the message.
Read more:India's polluted Ganges River threatens people's livelihoods
"It's really remarkable to see a woman walking all alone from Vadodara to New Delhi. Plastics are an integral part of our life, but if we try, we can refrain from using them," Devi told DW.
Toothbrushes don't have to be made from plastic, which takes centuries to break down, but can be made from wood. In some cases, special twigs do the job
Singh distributes plastic alternatives, which activists en-route help to organize. Devi and some other women and young children become the happy recipients of cloth bags.
In return, two elderly ladies gift the crusader a bundle of teeth-cleaning neem twigs as an alternative to more conventional toothbrushes, which make up a major contribution to plastic waste.
Some estimates suggest as many as 150 million toothbrushes are tossed into the garbage in India every month.
Destination New Delhi
Forty-five days after she set out, Singh arrives at the United Nations' office in New Delhi, where India is hosting World Environment Day. The theme is "Beat Plastic Pollution."
UN officials, celebrities such as Bollywood actress Diya Mirza, environmental activists and school students have gathered to greet her.
Among them is 12-year-old Aditya Mukherjee, a New Delhi schoolboy who is pushing for an end to the use of plastic straws, which are another major contributor to plastic pollution in India.
"My campaign is to go to hospitality institutions, with a simple two-step process: Stop using plastic straws, and if the customer absolutely insists, then give him or her an alternative paper straw," said Mukherjee, adding that he has a lot of positive response so far.
Read more: Environmental protest in India turns deadly
Rajeshwari Singh was welcomed in Bollywood star Diya Mirza
At the national level, India has pledged to eliminate all single-use plastic by 2022. Speaking in New Delhi, the country's Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the world has a choice to make that would "define our collective future."
"The choice may not be easy — but through awareness, technology, and a genuine global partnership, I am sure we can make the right choices," Modi said, adding that he would also be banning single-use plastics from his own life.
India has a long way to go before it reaches its plastic-free goals. For Singh, that's all the more reason to continue her mission.
She's already planning another walk covering the 2,856 kilometers from Kashmir in the country's far north, to Kanyakumari at its southern tip.
"My war against plastic has just commenced, and there are miles to go ... Let's fight collectively against the plastic menace."
Unlike last year, there's a great deal of hype surrounding the Los Angeles Rams entering this season. Coming off their first playoff appearance since 2004, the Rams have Super Bowl aspirations.
According to Bovada, they have the third-best odds in the NFL to win Super Bowl LIII, tied with the Steelers and only trailing the Patriots and Eagles – the two Super Bowl teams from last season. So how will the Rams handle these unfamiliar expectations heading into the 2018 season?
Michael Brockers says they have to ignore the media hype.
“We have to be careful not to buy into what the media is saying about us. A lot of people are picking us, but we have to focus on us,” Brockers said on SiriusXM NFL Radio. “Do our due diligence, and like Coach [Sean McVay] says, ‘every day we have to be better.'”
McVay has done a great job of keeping the Rams focused on the task at hand, and that's simply improving on the practice field this offseason. It's easy to get excited about their chances of winning it all after adding Marcus Peters, Aqib Talib, Ndamukong Suh and Brandin Cooks, but games aren't played on paper.
Los Angeles still has to go out and take care of business against a schedule that's loaded with great teams. From Week 1 until the season finale, the Rams can't afford to get complacent and take opponents lightly.
Fortunately, McVay won't let that happen as one of the best motivators in the NFL.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Marston's Bar and Grill, at 673 Higuera St, in downtown San Luis Obispo is closing after changing ownership. The new bar will be called The Mark, a cantina-style restaurant. David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp@thetribunenews.com
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
* Soft euro zone inflation data pressures euro
* ECB's Coeure says too early to review policy stance
* S. African rand slumps as fin min replaced
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Jemima Kelly
LONDON, March 31 The euro hit a two-week low on Friday after data showed inflation in the currency bloc slowed by far more than expected in March, giving the European Central Bank room to scale back monetary stimulus only gradually.
The single currency has fallen over 1 percent against the dollar - its worst showing in seven weeks - since Monday, as investors have revised their expectations for when the ECB will begin to normalise monetary policy.
That repricing has been driven by a series of comments from ECB rate-setters and sources at the central bank, who suggested policymakers are wary of making any new changes to their message after small tweaks upset investors and raised the spectre of surging borrowing costs for the bloc's indebted periphery.
ECB board member Benoit Coeure said on Friday it would be "legitimate" for the central bank to review its current stance that rates will stay at record low levels or may even be cut, but it was too early for now to have that conversation.
"It's important to note that they are actually talking about normalisation, so it is moving in the right direction. But as they also emphasise, they want to be slow and gradualist about that, and the inflation data supports that," said Société Générale currency strategist Alvin Tan, in London.
The euro edged down another 0.1 percent to $1.0670, its lowest since March 15, after data showed inflation at 1.5 percent year-on-year, down from a four-year high of 2 percent in February and lagging forecasts in a Reuters poll of a 1.8 percent rise in consumer prices.
Analysts said the reaction to the data was muted because German and Spanish inflation data on Thursday had already come in well below forecasts, which had meant investors were expecting a lower number on Friday.
"The combination of inflation disappointments as well as a consistent press of ECB rhetoric on market pricing has shifted people out of this very short term but long euro view," said Citi's head of FX strategy in London, Richard Cochinos.
"We also have the French elections at the end of the month (of April), so I think it's going to be difficult for the market to go and buy a bunch of euros until we get through that."
The dollar, which has benefited from the euro's weakness this week as well as solid U.S. economic data, climbed 0.2 percent against a basket of currencies to 100.55.
Over the quarter, though, the greenback has fallen 1.7 percent, its worst showing in a year, on doubts that U.S. President Donald Trump was not prioritising - and did not have the necessary power - to push through Congress the economic reforms that had driven the dollar to 14-year highs at the start of the year.
The dollar rallied as much as 2.3 percent against South Africa's rand to 13.470, its highest since early February, after President Jacob Zuma sacked finance minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle following days of speculation that has rocked the country's markets and currency.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Editing by Keith Weir)
DEPOE BAY, Ore. (Reuters) - Oregon's Depoe Bay is preparing for the first total eclipse to traverse the continental United States in a century as if a natural disaster was bearing down on the small coastal city.
The town, home to 1,500 residents and a single traffic light, is near the spot of land where the total eclipse will first appear on Aug. 21 as it begins cutting a path through 14 states to the Atlantic.
That distinction has raised fears that a tidal wave of visitors will descend on Depoe Bay to get a first glimpse at "totality" a week from Monday.
"Totality" is when the moon passes in front of the sun, blotting out its light and exposing the glowing "corona" around its perimeter. After a little more than two minutes, the phenomenon will end in any given location as the eclipse moves to the east on its coast-to-coast journey.
“We're a double ground zero,” said Pat O'Connell, who owns a small gallery and gift store facing the rocky sea wall, where thousands are expected to gather when the sky darkens and the eclipse comes in to view.
Given Depoe Bay's proximity to a major geological fault line, Mayor Barbara Leff says earthquake and tsunami preparation is second nature to the town's residents.
“This community has been practicing for a major catastrophe for years and years, and a lot of the eclipse preparations in some ways mirror those disaster preparations," she said. "We've been doing what we're used to doing and hopefully we are all prepared."
One of the major challenges, Leff says, is anticipating how many people will show up.
The spectacle is the first in 99 years to span the entire continental United States, the world's third most populous nation. It will also be the first total solar eclipse visible from any of the lower 48 states since 1979.
The city's handful of hotels and campgrounds have been sold out for months and crowd estimates range from thousands to hundreds of thousands.
In preparation for the Solar Eclipse, t-shirts commemorating the day are shown in Depoe Bay, Oregon, U.S. August 9, 2017. Picture taken August 9, 2017. Jane Ross
The city held its first eclipse meeting four years ago at its tiny two-room City Hall, a former wooden schoolhouse.
Since serious planning began eight months ago, the city has rented portable restrooms, bought a hundred additional garbage cans, and ordered thousands of protective glasses to be distributed free at the local fire station.
It also has handed out leaflets advising residents to stock up on food, medicine, cash and gas, and prepare for traffic gridlock.
The only way into and out of Depoe Bay is Highway 101, which has only one lane in each direction in the area. Even a minor traffic accident can completely stop traffic, said Depoe Bay Fire Chief Joshua Williams.
Slideshow (5 Images)
“Our worst case scenario is everybody on the road, stopping, parking on side of roads and not having enough access for a fire engine or an ambulance to get down the road to somebody's emergency,” Williams said.
Normally, only one fire station in the area is staffed, but for the four days surrounding the eclipse, firefighters will staff three stations. Williams says he is working with state authorities to keep traffic lanes clear for emergency vehicles.
And it's not just congestion on the roads the city has to worry about. With what it calls “the world's smallest harbor,” Depoe Bay is also preparing for hundreds of boaters trying to use the town's lone boat launch.
The Coast Guard will monitor boating traffic and will have a vessel stationed at the entrance to the harbor, Coast Guard spokesman Andrew Port said. Guardsmen will board boats to make sure boaters are prepared.
At Dockside Charters, Loren Goddard has rented out most of his boats for fishing trips, but there's still space on a three-hour cruise for visitors with $100 who are hankering to see the eclipse from the ocean.
"You're first on the scene. It's going to happen there before it makes landfall," said Goddard, who plans to be 30 miles (48 km) offshore fishing for tuna when the time comes.
(This version of the story corrects price in penultimate paragraph to $100, instead of $1,000)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
Eric Standop
Dubai: Six billion people on the planet and every face different and offering a new insight into human potential. That was the message Eric Standop, a professional face reader, as he spoke on the advantages of face reading on the second day of the World Government Summit.
In a session titled ‘Wake-Up Call: The Universal Language We All Speak', Standop offered interesting insights on how face reading not only helps us connect with one another beyond language and cultural barriers, but can also be used in the workplace to help understand someone better.
“Whatever you eat, whatever you drink, whatever you experience, whatever you go through — changes your face,” Standop said.
Face reading, he said, is the science and art of interpreting the different facets of who we are and how we feel, and is a powerful tool we can use in our daily life and in the work environment. Opposed to language as a means of communication, which has its downside, face reading can be a more effective tool of understanding, he said.
The 43 muscles in every human's face can tell a strong story of how we feel. The eyes and mouth are the most important and revealing of our features — and are directly connected to our brain via the facial nerves, which reveal how we think and feel. Faces can tell stories of malnutrition and disease as much as they can talk of talent, thoughts and emotions.
“The face is a book [in which] one writes [about a] lifetime. Look more closely into the faces of others to learn more about them,” Standop said
DETROIT May 2 General Motors Co, Ford Motor Co and Toyota Motor Corp, the top three automakers in the United States, on Tuesday all posted lower new vehicle sales in April in a fresh sign the long boom cycle for the auto industry is losing steam.
GM shares fell 3.5 percent while Ford was off 4.5 percent.
No. 1 U.S. automaker GM reported a 6 percent decline in April sales to 244,406 vehicles, but said the month continued to see strong growth for crossovers and trucks.
Over the past couple of years, U.S. consumers have increasingly shunned cars in favor of larger crossovers, SUVs and trucks.
New vehicle sales have risen ever since the end of the Great Recession, hitting a record of 17.55 million units in 2016. But as consumer appetite for new cars has waned, automakers have raised discounts to get vehicles off dealer lots.
GM said the average transaction price for its vehicles rose in the first quarter and that its consumer discounts were equivalent to 11.7 percent of the transaction price. The automaker also said its inventory level had risen to 100 days of supply at the end of April versus around 70 days at the end of 2016.
GM has said it will bring inventories down by the end of 2017, but the most recent level has created concern among analysts.
Ford, the No. 2 U.S. automaker, said sales were down 7.2 percent in April, with sales to consumers down 10.5 percent. Car sales dropped 21 percent and trucks declined 4.2 percent, while SUV sales rose 1.2 percent.
Toyota said sales fell 4.4 percent in April, with its luxury Lexus brand posting an 11.1 percent drop. U.S. car sales at the Japanese automaker were down 10.4 percent, while truck sales were up 2.1 percent. (Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
JERUSALEM (AP) — A former Mossad chief has told an Israeli television program that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave the order in 2011 for the military to prepare to attack Iran within 15 days.
Tamir Pardo told Keshet TV's show Uvda in an interview that aired Thursday that the order was not given "for the sake of a drill."
There was no immediate comment from Netanyahu's office.
Ex-premier Ehud Barak, who was Netanyahu's defense minister in 2011, previously claimed Netanyahu sought to bomb Iran in 2010 and 2011, but was opposed by senior Israeli officials.
Advertisement
Pardo says he consulted the Mossad's legal advisers following the order but didn't explain what happened after that.
The Israeli leader has been a strident critic of Iran, and has accused Tehran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Officials from Lebanon's Shi‘ite parties Amal and Hezbollah visited a mainly Christian district of Beirut on Friday to help defuse tensions ignited this week by a row involving the country's president and the parliamentary speaker.
Lebanon's Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, the son-in-law of President Michel Aoun, enraged supporters of Shi‘ite Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri, when he was heard in a leaked video calling Berri “a thug”. Bassil and Aoun are Maronite Christians.
Demanding an apology, supporters of Berri and his Amal movement staged protests in various parts of the country.
The standoff threatened to inflame sectarian violence and paralyse the government in the run-up to legislative elections in May, the first since 2009 after parliament extended its own term three times.
But Aoun spoke by telephone with Berri on Thursday, and the standoff eased further on Friday with a meeting between the Shi‘ite officials and members of Aoun's Free Patriotic Movement (FPM) in the mainly Christian district of Hadath, on the southern outskirts of Beirut.
“The situation has returned to normal after lessons were learned from recent events,” Aoun said on his official Twitter account on Friday.
Commenting on the talks in Hadath, FPM lawmaker Alain Aoun, a nephew of the president, said: “Our meeting today is a message countering all that happened in recent days. It is also a message to (Speaker Berri) that his dignity and ours are one.”
CALL FOR UNITY
George Aoun, Head of Hadat Municipality, Ali Bazzi, an Amal lawmaker, and Hezbollah parliament member Ali Ammar are seen in Hadat, on the southern outskirts of Beirut, Lebanon February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Mohamed Azakir
At a joint news conference, lawmakers from Amal, Hezbollah, and the FPM called for national unity and religious tolerance.
Amal distanced itself from the protests of the past few days, which saw some supporters set tyres ablaze, block roads and fire guns into the air, leading to the deployment of troops in Hadath on Wednesday to prevent violence.
“Everybody knows the Amal movement has nothing at all to do with what has happened,” Ali Bazzi, an Amal lawmaker, said.
“And we have the courage the morality... to apologise publicly for any offence that affected the Lebanese on the ground,” he added.
The FPM says Bassil has already expressed regret over his remarks, and that it regards the issue as over. Berri has previously said Bassil should apologise “to the Lebanese people” for his remarks.
Berri has accused Aoun of exceeding his powers at the expense of other sects.
The latest standoff has again exposed the fragility of Lebanon's faction-based politics.
Lebanon's system of government aims to maintain a balance between the country's many religious sects, who fought a 1975-1990 civil war. Berri and Aoun, both now in their 80s, were civil war enemies.
Iran-backed Hezbollah's links to Berri and Amal run much deeper than its political alliance with the FPM.
(Reuters Health) - Workers exposed to chemicals like deodorizers, sanitizers, disinfectants and sterilizers on the job may be more likely than other people to develop thyroid cancer, a recent study suggests.
Occupational exposure to these chemicals, known as biocides, was associated with a 65 percent higher risk of thyroid cancer, the study found. For people whose jobs might have led to the most cumulative exposure to biocides over time, the odds of thyroid cancer was more than doubled.
The study also looked at pesticides, and didn't find an increased risk of thyroid cancer linked to these agricultural chemicals.
“Limited studies have investigated occupational exposure to pesticides in relation to thyroid cancer and have reached inconsistent results,” said lead study author Dr. Yawei Zhang, an environmental health researcher at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.
“Our study did not support an association between occupational exposure to pesticides and risk of thyroid cancer, but suggested that occupational exposure to other biocides might be associated with an increased risk of thyroid cancer,” Zhang said by email.
Scientists aren't certain what causes thyroid cancer, though the odds of these malignancies are higher with certain genetic disorders and with exposure to high amounts of radiation, especially during childhood.
Women are much more likely to get thyroid tumors than men, and this type of cancer is more common in white people than in other racial or ethnic groups.
For the current study, researchers compared data on 462 adults with thyroid cancer in 2010 and 2011 to 498 people who didn't get these tumors but who were otherwise similar and around the same age.
Researchers asked study participants to report all jobs held for at least one year during their lifetimes and to provide detailed information on their job title, duties, company name, type of industry and dates of employment.
Then, researchers calculated potential exposure to biocides and pesticides based on a state database of occupational contact with specific chemicals and pollutants.
Pesticides included primarily agricultural chemicals like insecticides, herbicides and rodenticides. The jobs most often linked to these chemicals were farmer, rancher and other agricultural managers; postal worker; and supervisor of landscaping, lawn services and grounds keeping workers.
Biocides in the study were typically used in medicine or cleaning. Jobs most often tied to these chemicals included healthcare providers involved in diagnosing or treating patients; psychiatric and home health aides; and building cleaning workers.
Women with any occupational exposure to biocides were 48 percent more likely to develop thyroid cancer, while men had more than tripled odds, the study found.
Although the underlying mechanisms linking biocides to thyroid cancer are unclear, it's possible that these chemicals alter thyroid hormones, researchers note. Triclosan, for example, a chemical widely used in cleaning products, has been shown to decrease levels of two thyroid hormones involved in growth and metabolism.
Another chemical, the wood preservative pentachlorophenol, has been show to lower thyroid hormone levels in rats, the authors also point out.
The study wasn't a controlled experiment designed to prove biocides or pesticides directly cause thyroid cancer.
Other limitations include the five-year age bands researchers used to compare people with thyroid tumors to similar healthy individuals. It's also possible the state data on occupational chemical exposure might not always reflect the level of exposure to certain biocides or pesticides by individual people in the study.
But the findings suggest it makes sense for people to be cautious about biocide and pesticide exposure, researchers conclude.
“People should take caution when they apply pesticides or other biocides in work place or at home by wearing protective clothes or mask and washing hands afterwards,” Zhang said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2lmoJQV Occupational and Environmental Medicine, online February 15, 2017.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Yaris will be available with a petrol engine only unlike its competition
Toyota is going to launch the Yaris in India in the month of April. The Japanese manufacturer's Honda City-rival will also take on other popular sedans in this segment like the Hyundai Verna, the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz, Volkswagen Vento and the Skoda Rapid. If you have already finalised on buying the Yaris, well, you can click here to know more about its bookings that are already underway.
But if you're still wondering how it fares against its rivals on paper, we have got the answer.
Dimensions:
Toyota Yaris*
Hyundai Verna
Honda City
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Volkswagen Vento
Skoda Rapid
Length
4425mm
4440mm
4440mm
4490mm
4390mm
4413mm
Width
1730mm
1695mm
1729mm
1730mm
1699mm
1699mm
Height
1475mm
1495mm
1475mm
1485mm
1467mm
1466mm
Wheelbase
2550mm
2600mm
2600mm
2650mm
2553mm
2552mm
*Singapore-spec Yaris used for reference. We expect no major changes in dimensions of the India-spec Yaris
The Toyota Yaris won't set any new standards when it comes to exterior dimensions. It's neither expected to be the longest nor the tallest car in its segment, but will be at par with the widest car in the segment, the Ciaz.That said, it might have the shortest wheelbase amongst competition. While that might result in the least legroom inside the cabin, we'll save the judgement until we test it.
We saw the India-spec Yaris first at the Auto Expo 2018, and here's what we feel about its looks and design.
Engine:
Petrol
Toyota Yaris
Hyundai Verna
Honda City
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Volkswagen Vento
Skoda Rapid
Engine
1.5-litre
1.6/1.4-litre
1.5-litre
1.4-litre
1.6/1.2-litre
1.6-litre
Power
108PS
123PS/100PS
119PS
92PS
105PS/105PS
105PS
Torque
140Nm
151Nm/132Nm
145Nm
130Nm
153Nm/175Nm
153Nm
Transmission
6-speed MT/CVT with paddle shifters
6-speed MT/ AT (only with 1.6-litre)
5-speed MT/ CVT with paddle shifters
5-speed MT/ 4-speed AT
5-speed MT/ 7-speed DSG
5-speed MT/ 6-speed Tiptronic
Toyota will offer the Yaris with a petrol engine only. It will be a 1.5-litre unit that is more powerful than that of the Ciaz, Rapid and the Vento. However, the Yaris will not be the most powerful car in its class as the Verna's 1.6-litre and the City's 1.5-litre petrol engines make significantly more power. The Vento is the only sedan in this comparison to feature a turbocharged petrol engine, although it's not the most powerful unit here.
Transmission duties on the Yaris will be handled by a 6-speed manual or a CVT with paddle shifters. Other cars in this comparison are also offered with both manual and automatic transmission options.
Both the Yaris and the City get CVT with paddle shifters, while the Verna, Ciaz and the Rapid are available with a torque converter unit. CVTs are more fuel efficient than torque converters, in general. The Honda City, equipped with a CVT, returns 18kmpl, which is more than its manual version by 0.6kmpl. Hence, we expect the Yaris to deliver manual-like fuel efficiency figures in its automatic avatar.
The Vento is the only petrol-powered automatic car in this segment that gets a dual-clutch automatic transmission. Its 7-speed DSG gearbox is mated to the 1.2L TSI engine. A dual-clutch transmission is widely regarded as more technologically advanced compared to CVTs and torque-converters. Having two clutches not only quickens the gear shifts but also makes the transition from one gear to another smoother. Related: Volkswagen Vento Gets A Sportier Variant To Compete With The Ciaz S
Features:
Even though the entire feature list isn't out yet, Toyota has revealed a few goodies the Yaris will get. The Yaris will pack some segment-first features like front parking sensors, power-adjustable front seats, 7 airbags, tyre pressure monitoring system and roof mounted rear AC vents.
All cars in this comparison get features like touchscreen infotainment system, climate control, rear parking sensors, and alloy wheels in the top variants. The Yaris will also follow suit as suggested by the VX variant showcased at the Auto Expo. The City and the Verna are currently equipped with 6 airbags in their top variants, but the Yaris will trump that by offering 7. Sunroof, a feature that might not be the most practical but is still sought-after in India, might not be on offer on the Yaris. So, the City and the Verna will continue to be the only cars in this segment to get a sunroof.
Prices (ex-showroom Delhi):
Toyota Yaris
Hyundai Verna
Honda City
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Volkswagen Vento
Skoda Rapid
Price Range
Rs 9 lakh to Rs 14 lakh (expected)
Rs 7.79 lakh to Rs 12.94 lakh
Rs 8.71 lakh to Rs 13.77 lakh
Rs 7.83 lakh and Rs 11.51 lakh
Rs 8.19 lakh to Rs 13.87 lakh
Rs 8.35 lakh to Rs 13.92 lakh
We expect Toyota to price the Yaris in the range of Rs 9 lakh to Rs 14 lakh. At that price, the Yaris might be the most expensive car of the lot but it is expected to pack a long list of features to justify the premium.
Also Read: Hyundai Verna vs Honda City: Comparison Review
Read More on : Maruti Ciaz diesel
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, right, talks with quarterback Tom Brady (12), wide receiver Phillip Dorsett (13) and wide receiver Brandin Cooks (14) before the team photo is made at U.S. Bank Stadium on Feb. 3, 2018, in Minneapolis. Mark Humphrey The Associated Press
* Polling stations open at 0600 GMT; last close at 1800 GMT
* Vote is the most unpredictable in living memory
* Macron and Le Pen favourites to qualify for May 7 run-off
* Election is key for fate of euro zone and EU
By Ingrid Melander
PARIS, April 23 France goes to the polls on Sunday for the first round of a bitterly fought presidential election, crucial to the future of Europe and a closely-watched test of voters' anger with the political establishment.
Nearly 47 million voters will decide, under tight security, whether to back a pro-EU centrist newcomer, a scandal-ridden veteran conservative who wants to slash public spending, a far-left eurosceptic admirer of Fidel Castro or appoint France's first woman president, to shut borders and ditch the euro.
The outcome will be anxiously monitored around the world as a sign of whether the populist tide that saw Britain vote to leave the EU and Donald Trump's election in the United States is still rising, or starting to ebb.
Emmanuel Macron, 39, a centrist ex-banker who set up his party just a year ago, is the opinion polls' favourite to win the first round and beat far-right National Front chief Marine Le Pen in the two-person run-off on May 7.
For them to win the top two qualifying positions on Sunday would represent a seismic shift in the political landscape, as the second round would feature neither of the mainstream parties that have governed France for decades.
"It wouldn't be the classic left vs right divide but two views of the world clashing," said Ifop pollsters' Jerome Fourquet. "Macron bills himself as the progressist versus conservatives, Le Pen as the patriot versus the globalists."
But conservative Francois Fillon is making a bit of a comeback after being plagued for months by a fake jobs scandal, and leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon's ratings have surged in recent weeks. Any two of the four is seen as having a chance to qualify for the run-off.
The seven other candidates, including the ruling Socialist party's Benoit Hamon, two Trotskyists, three fringe nationalists and a former shepherd-turned-centrist lawmaker are lagging very far behind in opinion polls.
Months of campaigning has been dominated by scandals which have left many voters agonising over their choice. Some 20-30 percent might not vote and about 30 percent of those who plan to show up at the polling stations are unsure whom to vote for.
Adding uncertainty to France's most unpredictable election in decades, pollsters say they might not be able to give precise estimates of the outcome at 8 p.m. (1800 GMT) as usual, because small and medium-sized polling stations will be open one hour longer than in past elections.
"CHEERING MADLY"?
Bankers and brokers in Paris and far beyond are expected to be glued to their screens all evening. The possibility of a Le Pen-Melenchon run-off is not the most likely scenario but is one which alarms them.
While Macron wants to further beef up the euro zone, Le Pen has told supporters "the EU will die." She wants to return to the Franc, re-denominate the country's debt stock, tax imports and reject international treaties.
Melenchon also wants to radically overhaul the European Union and hold a referendum on whether to leave the bloc.
Le Pen or Melenchon would struggle, in parliamentary elections in June, to win a majority to carry out such radical moves, but their growing popularity worries both investors and France's EU partners.
"It is no secret that we will not be cheering madly should Sunday's result produce a second round between Le Pen and Melenchon," German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said, adding that the election posed a risk to the global economy.
Both U.S. President Donald Trump and his predecessor Barack Obama have shown interest in the vote.
Obama spoke with Macron over the phone on Thursday, and Trump said the following day he expected the killing of a policeman by a suspected Islamist in Paris to boost Le Pen's chances.
Previous militant attacks, such as the November 2015 killings in Paris ahead of regional polls, did not appear to boost the votes of those espousing tougher national security.
If either Macron or Fillon were victorious, each would face challenges.
For Macron, a big question would be whether he could win a majority in parliament in June. Fillon, though likely to struggle less to get a majority, would likely be dogged by an embezzlement scandal, in which he denies wrongdoing.
Some 67,000 polling stations will open at 8 a.m., monitored by more than 50,000 police officers.
(Writing by Ingrid Melander; editing by Andrew Roche)
By Tracy Wang
Currently performing at McCaw Hall, ‘Emeralds', ‘Rubies', and ‘Diamonds' in ‘Jewels' take the audiences on a journey to middle age France, jazz-filled United States and the elegance of Balanchine's home country, Russia.
Premiered in 1967 and choreographed by George Balanchine, co-founder of New York City Ballet, ‘Jewels' pays tribute to three countries, France, United States and Russia. In celebration of the fiftieth birthday of ‘Jewels', Peter Boal, artistic director of Pacific Northwest Ballet (PNB), commissioned new costumes and scene designs from Jérôme Kaplan, French costume and set designer. First brought into PNB's repertory in 2006 by Boal, ‘Jewels' shows PNB as one of the largest ballet company in the nation; along with Kaplan's new designs of costumes and scene, PNB's ‘Jewels' is certainly a crowning jewel of its various programs.
‘Emeralds'
To evoke Balanchine's sense of a romantic France and the long and rich history of French school of dancing, ‘Emeralds' is set to the soft and gentle score of Gabriel Fauré, and exudes the sweet perfume of a Middle Age France. Rich in chivalry and courtly love, this ballet is perhaps one of those ballets that requires its dancers to be able to gently occupy the stage with their fluid movements.
Saturday Matinee had PNB's principal dancers, Noelani Pantastico and Lucien Postlewaite, in the main roles of two lovers looking for each other under the star-filled night sky, while Saturday's evening performance had principal dancer, Elizabeth Murphy, and corps member, Steven Loch, taking the stage.
After five years away with Les Ballets de Monte-Carlo, Postlewaite returned to PNB as a principal dancer; a long time ballet partner of Pantastico, Postlewaite and Pantastico partnered with an ease only long-term partners can have. A dancer who is known for her musicality and acting skill, Pantastico swept us all into her romance with a twist of her hand and a movement of her arm. Notably, Loch, though a member of the corps, took up the role with his quiet chivalry.
‘Rubies'
The Central ballet of ‘Jewels', ‘Rubies' is Balanchine's attempt to capture the jazz and wit of America. Set to Igor Stravinsky's equally sassy score, ‘Rubies' emits power and play with its constantly-competing couple and a siren-like ballerina. Perhaps influenced by horseplay, Balanchine included many movements, kicking legs, running down stage with knees up high, that remind us of horses galloping and trying to outrun each other.
Both of Saturday's matinee and evening performance welcomed James Moore, principal dancer, as the male character in the couple. Famous for his acting skill as well as his ability to capture the attention of audiences, Moore danced with humor and sass. His partners, Leta Biasucci (matinee) and Angelica Generosa (night), both soloists, danced with wit, though Biasucci's movement was much sharper. Mirroring the competitive horseplay, Moore and Biasucci were able to bring out a competitive playfulness with just an eye contact and a smile. The siren-like ballerina is danced by Elle Macy (matinee) and Sarah Pasch (night), both members of corps, and their sassy takes of that role certainly signal their rise in the company.
‘Diamonds'
Paying tribute to his home country, Russia, Balanchine created ‘Diamonds' to show the magnificence of old St. Petersburg; with Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky's score, ‘Diamonds' has essence of Petipa's Swan Lake, and the music certainly reminds us of Tchaikovsky's other scores used in ballets. As the final piece of ‘Jewels', it sums up the whole performance with grandeur with a full-cast polonaise.
Though all curtain rises for these three ballets generated pleasant gasps from audiences, the exclamation for the jewelry-bound bodices, light pink tutus, as well as the scenic design of a frame at the back in ‘Diamonds' is perhaps the strongest. With all the corps members dancing the first part, the ballet seems to bring us all into the world of a grand Russian court dance. When the ballerina, Murphy (matinee), Pantastico (night), and her cavalier, Jerome Tisserand (matinee), Seth Orza (night), walked out facing each other, and began the intimate pas de deux, we were further transferred to the glittering court in Russia.
‘Diamonds' is clearly a ballet that requires strong partnership skill, and Tisserand shows himself as an experienced partner who is always ready to lift or catch Murphy. Seemingly effortless in his high jumps, Tisserand is one of the male dancers in PNB who lands like a cat.
Pantastico debuted ‘Diamonds' on Saturday night, and she once again ate up a role, and performed it as if she has done this for numerous times already. Rich in her musicality, she managed to become one with the music, and watching her dance allows us to enjoy the music and dance as one whole experience.
‘Jewels' will close on October 1st. For more information, visit https://www.pnb.org/season/17-18/jewels/ .
The Richmond County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help identifying a woman wanted for questioning in regard to a forgery case. The forgery happened on November 9 at Conn's on Bobby Jones Expressway.
If you have any information, you are asked to contact Inv. William Hornsby or any Financial Crimes Investigator at the Richmond County Sheriff's Office at (706) 821-1023 or (706) 821-1020.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's rand fell more than 2 percent on Monday to its weakest in almost three months after S&P Global Ratings cut the country's credit score to sub-investment grade with a negative outlook after last week's dismissal of the South African finance minister.
Stocks were higher on the day, led by gold shares, as demand for the safe-haven asset rose globally in response to worries U.S. President Donald Trump will use trade to pressure China in security talks.
At 1640 GMT, the rand ZAR=D3 traded at 13.6800 per dollar, 1.92 percent weaker from its New York close on Friday but up from the day's low of 13.7500, a level last reached on Jan. 16.
The increased likelihood of further credit downgrades by Moody's and Fitch is set to put pressure on the rand this week, analysts said.
"Any chance of avoiding this result evaporated last week when President Jacob Zuma sacked his respected finance minister," John Ashbourne, an analyst at Capital Economics, said in a note. "Officials from several agencies had stressed the need to maintain the current team at the treasury."
S&P cut the credit rating to BB+ from BBB- and assigned a negative outlook, citing fiscal policy risk following Pravin Gordhan's sacking as finance minister.
Before President Zuma's last Thursday to fire Gordhan, the rand was the best-performing emerging market currency year-to-date. It has now shed 11.5 percent since last Monday's best of 12.3125 per dollar.
Bonds weakened in response to the downgrade, with the yield on the benchmark bond due in 2026 adding 14.5 basis points to 9.125 percent. Yields on South Africa's sovereign dollar bonds rose across the curve. ZAR186=.
Some traders, however, are betting the rand will recoup losses if Zuma is pushed out of office as anger grows over the controversial sacking inside the ruling African National Congress.
"The narrative is just so overwhelmingly negative against Zuma. The pushback has been so strong that it actually gives one a sense of confidence, and I think a lot of people are trading on this," said ETM Analytics director and economist George Glynos.
Gold stocks benefited from the weaker rand, lifting the broader All-share .JALSH index 0.77 percent to 52,457 points. The Top-40 .JTOPI index gained 0.87 percent to 45,561 points, while
Leading the gainers, Sibanye Gold (SGLJ.J) surged 7.07 percent to 30.73 rand. AngloGold Ashanti (ANGJ.J) rose 4.16 percent to 149.21 rand and Harmony Gold (HARJ.J) strengthened 3.53 percent to 34.01 rand.
(Reporting by Olwethu Boso, Nqobile Dludla and Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Larry Kiong)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Customers can gain quick access to cash by borrowing against the equity in their car
Automotive finance company ACT Finance of Santa Barbara recently launched a new title loan division to better serve the public.
To help alleviate immediate financial emergencies, ACT Finance, 3905 State St., No. 7, now provides short-term cash loans directly to consumers based on the equity in their car.
Even in the best of times, families and individuals can experience cash flow challenges because of unforeseen circumstances, such as medical expenses or necessary home repairs. As many Americans are forced to tighten their belts in the current economic climate because of layoffs and increases in everyday expenses, making ends meet can be difficult.
Seeing a growing need, ACT Finance sought to create a way for consumers to quickly and easily obtain money against the equity in their car. ACT Finance can provide short-term cash loans to help people stay on top of their finances.
“Our goal is to provide a financial alternative for people without access to traditional sources of cash,” an ACT Finance representative said. “People with bad credit, no credit or prior bankruptcy need a place to go when they need financial help and reasonable terms.”
Unlike many financial institutions, the process is quick and with funding generally within 24 hours or less.
“ACT Finance is a local company, and its car loan division has helped a significant number of residents in the tri-counties to obtain financing for cars purchased at dealerships,” the representative said. “Already requests have come in from these same customers to now obtain a title loan. We are happy to serve them again.”
ACT Finance gives title loan consumers an easy way to apply online at www.actfinance.net. An ACT Finance representative will help with the process if needed by calling 805.434.8008, or meet in person if requested. After filling out the application form, the representative of ACT Finance will evaluate the vehicle's value, which determines the maximum loan potential.
ACT Finance has a host of creative financial options, and recipients are assured that they can retain the use of their vehicles during the life of the loan. ACT Finance makes sure it's a win-win situation, and offers customers service seven days per week to satisfy any account queries.
— Richard Salzberg is president of ACT Finance.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
The robber was after oxycondone and wanted it badly enough to risk entering a Walgreens wearing a black ski mask to get it.
Douglas Wayne Diemer, 51, of the 1200 block of Fairfield Avenue, is charged with robbery and resisting law enforcement.
Several people called police to report the robbery and pointed the first responding officer in the direction of Diemer's green 2000 Chevy Impala making an escape near Cass Street and West State Boulevard. The witnesses were yelling, “that's him!” court documents said.
Diemer confronted the female pharmacist while keeping one hand in his pocket, as though he had a weapon. The pharmacist said she was afraid for her safety and handed over three bottles of oxycodone with acetaminophen, the documents said.
The detective who answered the call tried to pull Diemer's car over, but he continued to flee. While in pursuit with several police cars, Diemer's car had a flat tire and he stopped in the 1200 block of Fairfield Avenue near his home. He threw a white prescription bottle from the passenger compartment, later picked up by another officer. The bottle was oxycodone with acetaminophen, the documents said.
Diemer appeared to have chewed or eaten several of the white pills because there was a white powdery substance stuck to his lips and mouth, court records said. He was being held in lieu of $12,500 bail.
jduffy@jg.net
Looks like Azealia Banks has put the social media drama behind her and is back to the entertainment world. According to XXL, Banks recently signed a $1 million deal with Entertainment One. In a post on social media she made it known that she was going to celebrate her new deal.
Follow @TheRSMS
Banks said, “I'm now officially signed to E1 Entertainment!! I HAVE A HOME AGAIN… I'm crying . The Industry left me out on the street like a stray dog and now I have shelter again. This is really making me cry I'm so happy and grateful and thankful for all of this and I promise I'm going to make the KUNTS so proud. Thank you guys so freaking much you don't know how much this means to me @eone_music@williamrobillardcole “ Moments later she thanked her fans for always being supportive.
She said, “I come from a very broken household and When I was a little girl all I wanted was to be loved. I've been all around the world but I swear I've never felt more understood, cared for and welcome than I have with you all. YOU are the loves of my life. I don't need anyone else but my kunts. Thank you for everything.” Banks has some new music in store and is ready to release it she hopes to work with Mel B and possibly Nicki Minaj.
RELATED: How Remy Ma Dismissed Azealia Banks' Disrespect [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: Why It's Out Of Line For Azealia Banks To Say Cardi B Bought The #1 Spot [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: Why Jess Hilarious Dragged Azealia Banks [EXCLUSIVE]
The Latest:
An Airbus A400M military transport plane is parked at the Airbus assembly plant during an event in the Andalusian capital of Seville, southern Spain, December 1, 2016. REUTERS/Marcelo del Pozo
An Airbus A400m military aircraft participates in a flying display during the 51st Paris Air Show at Le Bourget airport near Paris, June 15, 2015. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
PARIS/BERLIN Airbus (AIR.PA) faces a cash squeeze and months of uncertainty over its troubled A400M troop plane after buyer nations upheld penalty clauses for delays to Europe's largest defense project.
The Toulouse-based group has called for help on the 20 billion-euro ($21.4 billion) program as it continues to encounter technical problems, seven years after winning a 3.5 billion-euro bailout from seven NATO nations.
On Thursday Airbus defense boss Dirk Hoke met European buyers and a source with knowledge of the talks said nations maintained penalties, but agreed to keep talking.
Airbus has hinted at a broad shopping list of demands including a better share of liabilities on the A400M's engines, whose development has faced a series of problems.
However, people familiar with the project say Airbus's campaign chiefly boils down to concerns over a shortfall in cash payments, especially from the largest customer Germany. It is not this time asking for an injection of new public funds, they add.
Insiders say Germany is withholding some 15 percent of cash payments under financial retention clauses in the contract because some A400M systems are not working as planned.
That hurts Airbus when it faces volatility in cash planning due in part to choppy commercial markets.
It also risks inflaming prickly relations between Airbus and one of its government shareholders. Berlin owns 11 percent of Airbus and is the biggest A400M buyer with 53 planes on order.
Airbus declined to comment on the talks.
TECHNICAL PROBLEMS
Technical problems have put the A400M years behind schedule, with Germany's share of the costs having risen to 9.6 billion euros from an initial estimate of 8.1 billion.
Problems range from genuine shortfalls in its ability to wage war to apparently minor discrepancies.
In one example that some describe as splitting hairs, one of the fuel tanks is supposed to hold 64,000 liters but only holds 63,500 and has been marked as "contract not fulfilled".
But in an example of deeper issues, a defensive system for the German air force does not meet specifications, though Airbus insists it is still ahead of many rivals.For now, buyers are standing their ground and forcing Airbus to provide what was agreed, though some have not ruled out short-term relief.
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen has indicated she plans to make full use of clauses that allow Berlin to withhold payments. German officials say none of the eight aircraft delivered to Germany so far fully met specifications.
Germany has also asked for 39.4 million euros as compensation for delays on the first five aircraft.
Defence sources say the hard-nosed approach reflects a shift away from cozy relationships when arms firms would freely commit to unrealistic assignments and then strike a compromise.
Buyers, on the other hand, would order over-ambitious kit to secure extra work for their own factories. Such over-reach was typically worked out in negotiations, but cash-strapped European governments are nowadays playing by tougher rules.
Analysts say the A400M was one of the first major defense projects to contain a fixed price but failed to get rid of bloated requirements, putting Airbus repeatedly on collision course with buyers over the bill for sorting out problems.
Buyers insist mismanagement inside Airbus is largely to blame for billions of euros of cost overruns.
Although all sides have agreed to meet in June, little progress is expected until German elections in September.
That echoes the pattern of previous bailout negotiations when Airbus called for a new deal in early 2009, which was also a German election year. Talks only began in earnest after that year's September polls and a final deal was struck in 2010.
(This story corrects name of Airbus representative in third paragraph from CEO Tom Enders to defence boss Dirk Hoke)
(Editing by Keith Weir)
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – It maybe Augusta most popular picture spot, the James Brown statute. And what do you do when you take a picture?
“You smile,” said Denise Jenkins.
Of course, right.
“Yes,” she said.
The Godfather statue has a nice smile, and that's appropriate because did you know today is ‘World Smile Day'?
“No I didn't,” said Denise.
“That's awesome know I was not aware,” said Shishir Chokshi.
Don't worry, be happy, Augusta. What makes you smile?
“There's a statue of James Brown in downtown Augusta, I think that's a great,” said Bill Cody a filmmaker from L.A in town for the Westobou Festival
“It makes you smile.”
“It makes me smile,” said Bill.
“Candy,” said Taylor Byrd.
“My friend my family and candy,” said Kennedy Wilson.
‘Family. Being with family,” said Denise.
Family makes you smile?
“Yes.”
“Not mine.”
After a big laugh Denise says yes.
“What makes you smile?”
“I don't know,” said Gregory Pollock, with a big smile.
“You're doing a good job of it.”
“Doing a good job,” said Gregory.
“It's a great day you guys are putting me on television you got the happy what more could you ask for,” said Shishir.
How about the road to happiness or at least happy Road how do you get there take a right off Happy Circle.
You know what makes people smile over here on the happy roads, funny looking water birds look at that face it's all red he's embarrassed don't worry about it just smile.
So on this day frowning is for the birds.
“I think there are more smiles coming every day,” said Calvin Hubbard
“You going to smile today?”
“Yeah I think I'm going to smile, he said.
I feel good.
Out there somewhere in Augusta George Eskola WJBF NewsChannel 6.
The Sláintecare report was produced by a cross-party committee of TDs last year and adopted by the Dáil without a vote.
In contains a 10-year plan for the reform of the health service, transforming it from a mix of public and private care into “an affordable, universal, single-tier healthcare system, in which patients are treated promptly on the basis of need, rather than ability to pay”.
It recommended the separation of the public and private systems, and a greatly expanded public health service, underpinned by long-term commitments for substantial increases in funding. It promises increased efficiency, but acknowledged that the reforms would cost significantly more money.
Unlike other reports for health reform, it contained a clear path for implementation, with a specialist office to drive the programme and a chief executive supported by staff drawn mostly from outside the existing health system.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
DRESSED UP: LifeFlight is joining with Rowers on the River to host a luncheon for Melbourne Cup.
DRESSED UP: LifeFlight is joining with Rowers on the River to host a luncheon for Melbourne Cup. Craig Warhurst
IT'S not life and death but it does stop the nation.
This Melbourne Cup LifeFlight is joining with riverside destination Rowers on the River to host a luncheon on Tuesday, November 7.
On arrival, guests will be greeted with a complimentary glass of champagne and will later enjoy a three-course meal while watching the Cup on a large-screen TV.
The day includes sweepstakes, raffles, fashion on the fields and an exclusive fashion show by Avanti Fashion.
Tickets are $50 and are limited. All proceeds go towards supporting the LifeFlight Foundation in support of the RACQ LifeFlight Rescue helicopters in Bundaberg. To book your ticket phone 04154 4589.
LifeFlight is a community-based charity that relies on public support.
Hatters boss Nathan Jones doesn't believe there will any extra motivation for his side this weekend when they face an Exeter City team containing defender Dean Moxey tomorrow.
After Luton convincingly won 4-1 at St James' Park back in October Moxey, 32, used his newspaper column with Devon Live, to say: “To add insult to injury, I didn't much care for the way Luton went about things.
“Take it from me, they're a cocky bunch who, rather than let their football do the talking, did everything they could to wind us up.
“I guess they might argue the end justified the means, but it's not the way we like to play the game and, truth be told, I'd love to see them come unstuck!
Jones himself responded to those comments by calling Moxey a ‘keyboard warrior' as he told the Luton News: “So to Dean Moxey, and I'm not worried about him calling us cocky and stuff, what I took liberty with or what he's taken liberty is, is that he hopes we come unstuck.
“Well, that's not right, that's not good.
““We don't care who else does well or who does badly, we don't look at it, what we do is concentrate on ourselves.
“So very, very brave in the old media Dean Moxey it seems. The old keyboard warrior.”
However, three months on, when asked if he thought it would act as a spur for his players for the return match at Kenilworth Road, Jones said: “I don't know, but it won't be a big thing.
“I know Dean, he's a good lad, a good pro, I think it was just afterwards, some naive comments, I've obviously commented as well, so there's an element of naivety all round.
“I don't think we need any more motivation, I don't think Exeter do.
“The stakes are as high as they possible can be, so if you need any extra motivation then okay, but I don't think so.
“We want to bounce back and win a football game at home, so I don't think we need any more motivation.”
One thing Jones wants his side to handle better this time is the threat of Grecians forward Jayden Stockley, who terrorised the Luton defence for the first half.
He has netted 15 goals this season, including eight in his his last 11 games, as Jones continued: “We knew about just how he would play, we gave them information.
“We're as thorough a team as you will find in all of the lands of football, we can't watch any more games, we can't put any more clips and sort those out into a seven, eight, nine-minute video, and say how teams play.
“So we knew about it, it's just when you give people information, they have to handle that.
“Now we didn't handle him well enough for the first 45 minutes, second half we did, and we nullified that threat, our threats came to the fore and we won the football game.
“That's what we have to try and do, that's what we try and do every game, we try and nullify those by using the structure we have and then imposing ourselves on teams and it's been reasonably successful so far.
“So that's what we've got to try and get to, not worry about anyone else, but concentrate on what we do, because we have wonderful players and we've added even more."
(Adds response from Sousa) By Andrea Hopkins and Matt Scuffham OTTAWA/TORONTO, April 6 Canadian Finance Minister Bill Morneau and Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa will meet to discuss housing affordability in Toronto amid fears that a real estate bubble has developed in the nation's largest city. A date was not set for the meeting to discuss ways to rein in speculation and soaring prices in Toronto, but the two policymakers exchanged letters agreeing on the urgency of the situation and the need to address it. While Sousa has urged the federal government to consider options to improve housing affordability, including increased taxes to discourage speculation or house "flipping," he stressed that policies must be planned carefully. "It is key that any future actions must ensure the stability of the market and do not negatively impact Ontario homeowners or the province's economy," Sousa said in a letter to Morneau on Thursday. Sousa's office provided the letter. Toronto prices have more than doubled since 2009, even after housing has moderated in other parts of the country, and the two levels of government have been jockeying for weeks about which is best placed to respond to what economists have called a bubble. A report released on Wednesday showed the average home price in Toronto was up 33.2 percent in March from a year earlier. Morneau wrote to Sousa late on Wednesday to request the meeting, and Sousa responded on Thursday, offering to host it at his office in Toronto "as soon as possible." "I believe we must take a closer look at these evolving market conditions and take stock of its implications for our largest urban area," Morneau said in his letter. Morneau also invited Toronto Mayor John Tory to the meeting. Spokesman Don Peat said Tory was looking forward to attending. Warnings about the overheated housing market in Canada's largest city have reached a fever pitch, with the country's biggest banks and lenders expressing concern. Royal Bank of Canada Chief Executive Officer Dave McKay said on Thursday that overheating housing markets could inhibit Canada's economic growth and urged the federal and provincial governments to work together to address the issue. "Any single solution is unlikely to be successful on its own," McKay said at the bank's annual meeting. "A complex problem like this requires a multi-faceted solution, which addresses supply constraints and speculative forces and is mindful of the rate environment, which can be a moderating force," McKay said at the bank's annual meeting. (Reporting by Andrea Hopkins in Ottawa and Matt Scuffham in Toronto; Editing by Andrea Ricci and Lisa Von Ahn)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - EUROPACORP SA:
* CONFIRMS AGAIN THAT IT HAS INITIATED DISCUSSIONS WITH VARIOUS POTENTIAL FINANCIAL AND/OR INDUSTRIAL PARTNERS IN ORDER TO REINFORCE ITS FINANCIAL CAPACITY.
* ALL OF THESE DISCUSSIONS ARE STILL AT A PRELIMINARY STAGE
* WILL INFORM THE MARKET ONCE A PROJECT WILL BE CONCRETE
* SAYS "AT THIS STAGE ANY “ANNOUNCEMENT” CONCERNING THE NAME OF ANY FUTURE PARTNER WHATSOEVER IS NOT AN INFORMATION BUT A SPECULATION. " Source text: bit.ly/2GIJ0Jl Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
MOSCOW, October 6 (Sputnik) — US Special Representative for Ukraine Negotiations Kurt Volker believes that the Minsk agreements on the de-escalation of the Ukrainian crisis are not efficient.
Volker told Gazeta.Ru news outlet that the Minsk accords had failed to put an end to armed clashes in Donbass, where people still die every week. The parties have not made any sufficient progress in enforcing the ceasefire and making concrete political steps, including holding elections in the region, Washington's representative said.
Volker also said in the interview that Washington was hopeful that US-Russia consultations would help overcome the stall, implement the Minsk accords and halt the conflict, the media reported.
He also praised Ukraine extending the law on special status of Donbass, saying that it shows that Kiev is taking steps to achieve peace in the region, Volker said as the Ukrainian parliament approved extension of the region's special status by a year, proposed by President Petro Poroshenko. The parliament also approved the bill on reintegration of the region.
Special status extension shows #Ukraine 🇺🇦 taking tough steps for peace. Hope #Russia 🇷🇺now acts to make peace — time to end conflict. — Kurt Volker (@SpecRepUkraine) 6 октября 2017 г.
In 2014, within the framework of the Minsk peace accords, Ukraine pledged to provide certain areas of the Donetsk and Lugansk regions with a special status. The law was adopted, but not enforced. According to the law, certain areas of Donbass currently uncontrolled by Kiev would only get special status after local elections held under Ukrainian legislation and under control of international observers. Such elections were not held, therefore the special status did not come into effect. The law, adopted for a three-year period, was due to expire on October 18.
On Thursday, Volker confirmed that he would meet Russian presidential aide Vladislav Surkov in Belgrade on October 7 to discuss “how to catalyze Minsk implementation and restore Ukraine's territorial integrity.”
Kiev launched a military operation in the east of Ukraine in 2014, after local residents refused to recognize the new government that came to power in what they considered a coup. Despite the 2015 ceasefire deal signed between the conflicting parties in Minsk and brokered by the leaders of Russia, France, Germany and Ukraine, the so-called Normandy Format, the situation in the region remains tense.
Kiev has been reluctant to implement a number of Minsk deal provisions. Russia has repeatedly said that it is not a party to Ukraine's internal conflict and called on the West to influence Kiev in order to ensure Minsk agreements' implementation.
© Photo: Ukrainian Defence Ministry
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – United States
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Emma Thompson has admitted she still has dreams of being a “rock and roll chick” and wants to hold on to those ambitions.
The British actress, who will next be seen starring opposite Dustin Hoffman, Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller in Noah Baumbach's Netflix films The Meyerowitz Stories (New And Selected), said she still has ideas about herself that she has not let go of.
Arriving at the premiere of the movie at the BFI London Film Festival, in which her character says ‘We all have an idea of ourselves and we want to hold on to that', she told the Press Association: “I want to hold on to being a funky, slightly out there rock and roll chick, not that I ever was that, I just want to hold on to it.”
“She's unique… She's so involved” – Dustin Hoffman on The Meyerowitz Stories co-star Emma Thompson pic.twitter.com/zyklZeOss0 — BFI (@BFI) October 6, 2017
She continued: “It is very honest of her and I suppose she's sobered up, that is the thing, because she was and is an alcoholic, she is a person who has got serious issues, but Noah's writing is so good, because it sounds as though everyone is making it up as they go along because it's so particular and it's not.
“Everyone had to learn it absolutely religiously and that is what makes him such a specific and clever auteur.
She added: “I can relate to drinking too much and having difficulty negotiating different parts of your house, I can relate to that.
“I loved playing someone who just constantly made really dreadful food for everyone but really pushed the boat out and tried terrible obscure fowl and left the beaks on.”
In the film she plays the alcoholic third wife of Hoffman's patriarch, while Stiller and Sandler play his sons, and she said: “I did enjoy her very much because she was a foreigner. You know I felt very foreign, I am very foreign in America, which is the way I like it, so I was playing an outsider.
“I was very honoured to be part of what is, after all, a very American piece. I don't make films in America very much, although through choice, but I really couldn't resist this one.”
Actress Emma Thompson, left, poses with her daughter Gaia Romilly Wise, for photographers upon arrival at the premiere of the film The Meyerowitz Stories during the London Film Festival (Vianney Le Caer/AP/PA)
The movie marks her third time starring alongside Hoffman, and she said: “I would walk over broken glass to work with him.”
Hoffman did not quite return the compliment, saying: “I wouldn't walk over broken glass. Ice cream sundaes I would walk over.
“It's great to work with her, she's unique in the sense that she's the only actor I've ever worked with who doesn't care where the camera is, she turns her back, she's so involved in the scene.
Sandler added: “She is a force and as an actress she is incredibly risk-taking and just as a human being she never plays it safe.
“I've never seen anybody like Emma, she is a strong, funny, great person and makes everybody feel comfortable, and sharp as hell and tells you what she's feeling, she's a 10.”
The Meyerowitz Stories (New And Selected) will be available on Netflix on October 13.
© Press Association 2017
The Morristown Apt. market is the hottest West of Hoboken, and Morristown Gateway is offering free on-site parking and for a limited time, half commission for qualified renters. Tours available by appointment.
Morristown Gateway Apts at 12 Ridgedale Ave, Morristown, NJ
Contact
Pamela Golgolab
***@cbmoves.com Pamela Golgolab
End
-- Renters, who want to live in popular Morristown, but don't want the hassle of finding parking or parking a distance from their home, should make an appointment to tour Morristown Gateway (http://morristowngateway.com/), the new upscale, mid-rise pet friendly apartment building at 12 Ridgedale Avenue within steps of Midtown NYC direct trains, the famous Green and Route 287. According to Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage in Mendham (https://www.coldwellbankerhomes.com/nj/mendham/agent/jacqueline-rossi/aid_8857/listings/), these immediate occupancy two-bedrooms, two full bath apts. are the most spacious new choices in the area and includeon-site parking, a walk-in closet and in-unit washer and dryer.What's more, select apts. start from only $2,700 per month. For a limited time, the owner will pay half the broker's commission for qualified renters. Tours available by appointment."This is the place to be," states Broker / Sales Associate Jacqueline "Jackie" Rossi Greene of Coldwell Banker in Mendham. "Renters know Morristown is the hottest address west of Hoboken and for good reason. Residents here enjoy a chic city-style neighborhood with everything you need just steps away including grocery stores, specialty shops, bars, yoga, theaters, a wonderful variety of dining, spas, banks, dry cleaners and just about every convenience within walking distance of the famous Morristown Green."She adds, "Commuters, too, enjoy the ease of trains direct to NYC and Routes 287 with quick access to Routes 80 and 78 to bring them to just about anywhere in the tri-state area and airports."Rossi Greene further explains, "For a limited time, JMOC Builders, one of northern NJ's most respected luxury home builders, is paying half of the commission which can translate into more than $1,300 in savings. The security deposit is only $750, too. Among the available apts., there are light and bright corner units. Now is the time to make the move to Morristown Gateway."Sales Associate Pamela "Principe" Golgolab of Coldwell Banker in Mendham describes, "These apartments have that wow factor like those you find in NYC and Hudson County, but with more square footage, top notch construction and all at a fraction of the cost. Residents enjoy a beautiful entry lobby and common area with elevator to all three floors. Each unit is adorned with today's latest design trends including open living concept with hardwood floors, a stylish kitchen with granite countertops, plenty of espresso colored maple wood cabinetry, and stainless steel appliances. Depending on the apt., some kitchens offer a breakfast bar."Two soothing tiled baths (one with a tub and one with a shower stall), nine-foot ceilings, in-unit washer/dryer, carpeted bedrooms with large or walk-in closets and plenty of windows complete each unit.JMOC Builders is no stranger to the creation of high-end luxury homes, apartments and commercial properties. The team of professionals developed the highly successful Bay Street Commons apartments in Montclair. For Morristown Gateway, the firm chose Studio g2 Architects of Bernardsville to create the comfortable, suburban feel in this one-of-a-kind urban setting.Tours are available by appointment. Please contact Broker / Sales Associate Jacqueline Rossi Greene of Coldwell Banker in Mendham on cell at (732) 887-8538, direct at (973) 543-3912, or jackiegreene1@ gmail.com , or Sales Associate Pamela Golgolab also of Coldwell Banker in Mendham on cell at (908) 625-1929 or pamela.golgolab@ cbmoves.com and in the Office at (973) 543-2552. Like us on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/morristowngateway/)or visit MorristownGateway.com or Coldwellbankerhomes.com.Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage in New Jersey and Rockland County, New York, a leading residential real estate brokerage company, operates 55 offices with more than 3,100 affiliated sales associates serving all communities from Rockland County, N.Y. to Monmouth County, New Jersey. Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage in New Jersey and Rockland County, N.Y. is part of NRT LLC, the nation's largest residential real estate brokerage company. Visit www.coldwellbankerhomes.com for more information.
PHILADELPHIA The Federal Reserve could begin shrinking its portfolio of bonds as soon as this year, Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker said on Monday, adding his voice to a growing number of colleagues warning they could promptly wind down a crisis-era policy.
"Possibly by the end of this year or the beginning of next year would be an appropriate time to stop reinvesting (maturing assets), but that's all dependent on how the economy evolves between now and then," Harker told reporters in Philadelphia.
The comments added another voice to at least four other U.S. central bankers, including New York Fed President William Dudley, who on Friday flagged 2017 as a possible timeframe to start trimming the $4.5 trillion portfolio of mortgage and Treasury bonds.
"We have to balance this off the path of the fed funds rate. As we cease reinvestment it will remove some accommodation. These two things are related," Harker added, reinforcing the similarly growing view that the Fed could temporarily pause interest rate hikes when it starts the portfolio process.
The Fed amassed the record amount of assets to spur investment, hiring and economic growth following the 2007-09 recession. Only in recent weeks have officials spoke out about when they expect to stop topping up the portfolio when assets mature, as the Fed does now.
Prior to that, economists polled by Reuters and by the Fed itself generally expected the process to start some time next year, a move anticipated to raise market yields as the world's largest holder of U.S. government debt edges back from the market.
Harker said it was unclear how much the Fed should shrink the portfolio. But he supports a "Treasury-heavy" portfolio in the future, adding that the Fed may not dump all of its nearly $2 trillion in mortgage-backed securities.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
A rubber dinghy is burnt and sunk after the migrants on board were rescued by the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) in the central Mediterranean in international waters some 15 nautical miles off the coast of Zawiya in Libya, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) rescue migrants from a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean in international waters some 15 nautical miles off the coast of Zawiya in Libya, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) rescue migrants from a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean in international waters some 15 nautical miles off the coast of Zawiya in Libya, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants rescued from a rubber dinghy are brought to the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix at dawn in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants rest on the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix after being rescued from a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants on a rubber dinghy await rescue by the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) rescue migrants from a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) rescue migrants from a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) rescue migrants from a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) rescue migrants from a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean in international waters some 15 nautical miles off the coast of Zawiya in Libya, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
A rescue swimmer holds onto migrants frantically trying to stay afloat after falling off their rubber dinghy during a rescue operation by the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship in the central Mediterranean in international waters some 15 nautical miles off the coast of Zawiya in Libya, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants rest on the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix after being rescued from a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
A migrant rests on the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix after being rescued from a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants react after being rescued by the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) from a wooden boat in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) rescue a child migrant from a wooden boat in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants on a rubber dinghy await rescue by the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) at dawn in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants on a wooden boat await rescue by the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
A migrant hands a baby from a wooden boat to a rescuer of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) during a rescue operation in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) rescue a child migrant from a wooden boat in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) rescue a child migrant from a wooden boat in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Sabratha in Libya, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
ROME More than 2,000 migrants trying to reach Europe were plucked from the Mediterranean on Friday in a series of dramatic rescues and one person was found dead, officials and witnesses said.
An Italian coast guard spokesman said 19 rescue operations by the coast guard or ships operated by non-governmental organisations had saved a total of 2,074 migrants on 16 rubber dinghies and three small wooden boats.
The medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) said in a tweet that one teenager was found dead in a rubber boat whose passengers were rescued by its ship Aquarius.
"The sea continues to be a graveyard," MSF said in a Tweet.
The coast guard spokesman confirmed that one person had died but gave no details.
MSF said two of their ships, Aquarius and Prudence, had rescued about 1,000 people in nine boats.
Desperate refugees struggled to stay afloat after they slid off their rubber boat during a rescue operation by the Phoenix, a ship of the rescue group Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS).
Video footage showed rescuers jumping into the water off the coast of Libya to help them.
"In 19 years of covering the migration story, I have never experienced anything like today," said Reuters photographer Darrin Zammit Lupi, who was aboard the Phoenix.
In one operation, the Phoenix rescued 134 people, all from sub-Saharan counties, he said.
Those rescued by the MOAS and MSF ships were transferred to Italian coast guard ships, which had rescued other migrants, to be taken to Italian ports.
According to the International Organisation for Migration, nearly 32,000 migrants have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year. More than 650 have died or are missing.
(Reporting By Philip Pullella; Editing by Gareth Jones)
- Above is a bonus clip from this week's Total Bellas episode with the family getting a laugh at Daniel Bryan while he does yoga.
- Former WWE talent Barry Darsow (Smash of Demolition, The Repo Man) turns 58 years old today while WWE Hall of Famer Bruno Sammartino turns 82, former TNA President Dixie Carter turns 53 and Afa Anoa'i Jr. (Manu) turns 33.
- WWE Cruiserweight Champion Enzo Amore tweeted this workout clip from Los Angeles yesterday. The Wrestling Observer Newsletter noted this week that Enzo has been seen walking around LA with the title on.
Every damn day ???? #RealestChamp A post shared by Enzo Amore (@real1) on Oct 5, 2017 at 12:10pm PDT
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
The jury in the Taylor Swift groping trial ruled in favor of the singer and her mother Monday, rejecting a radio DJ's claims that they unjustly had him fired from his job after allegedly groping the singer during a 2013 backstage meet-and-greet.
In addition to siding against David Mueller's $3 million
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Jury Sides With Taylor Swift in Groping Trial, Orders DJ to Pay $1
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
MUMBAI, April 3 Sugar output in Tamil Nadu, one of India's main sugar producing states, is likely to fall by more than a third in the new season beginning October, hit by the worst drought in more than a century.
Tamil Nadu, India's fourth biggest sugar producer, is likely produce 600,000 tonnes in the 2017/18 season, down from around 1 million tonnes in the current season to September 2017, M. Manickam, executive chairman of Sakthi Sugars, said.
Tamil Nadu's sugar mills produced 1.36 million tonnes of sugar in 2015/16.
The overall situation is very grim, Manickam said. Sakthi Sugars is one of India's largest sugar producers with three plants in Tamil Nadu, according to its website.
The drought has also hit other parts of southern India, forcing hundreds of farmers to travel to New Delhi to protest and seek government help.
Sugar producers from Tamil Nadu, hit by the drought and saddled with big debts, put live rats in their mouths and carried the skulls of farmers believed to have committed suicide at a New Delhi protest last week, calling on Prime Minister Narendra Modi to save them from starvation.
The farmers, protesting near parliament in New Delhi, suffered crop losses last year, and they had to take on more loans to survive.
India as a whole will produce 20.3 million tonnes of sugar in the year to September 2017, the Indian Sugar Mills Association said last month, 5 percent lower than a previous forecast. In the last two years, back-to-back droughts have ravaged the cane crop in the western state of Maharashtra, the country's top sugar producer.
Although India received average monsoon rains last year, rainfall distribution was uneven, leaving parts of southern India parched.
The monsoon, which delivers 70 percent of India's annual rainfall, is critical for the country's farmers and their rice, cane, corn, cotton and soybean crops because nearly half of its farmland lacks irrigation.
The Indian government's weather office is due to issue its monsoon forecast this month but India could emerge unscathed from the El Nino weather pattern, K. J. Ramesh, director general of the India Meteorological Department, said.
Other than sugar, Tamil Nadu's cotton production in 2016/17 is likely to fall by 21 percent to 550,000 bales, according to the Cotton Association of India. (Editing by Mayank Bhardwaj and Jane Merriman)
* Plan will bring the number of free trade zones to 11
* Each new zone will have a different priority (Adds details, quotes)
BEIJING, March 31 China's cabinet has approved the establishment of seven new free trade zones to prepare for further opening up its economy, the commerce ministry said on Friday.
The new free trade zones (FTZs) will be in Liaoning, Zhejiang, Henan, Hubei, Chongqing, Sichuan and Shaanxi, a document issued in Beijing showed.
"We are building free trade zones with the aim of creating reform experiences that can be replicated throughout the country and conducting risk testing for openness throughout the country," vice commerce minister Wang Shouwen told a news conference.
Chinese leaders have pledged to open the world's second-largest economy wider to foreign investors.
The latest approvals brought the total number of Chinese free trade zones to 11.
China set up its first FTZ in Shanghai in 2013, and opened them in Guangdong, Fujian and Tianjin in 2014.
The new FTZs will learn from the reform experiences in Shanghai and other existing zones but have different priorities, Wang said.
Zhejiang's FTZ will focus on international maritime services and international oil storage, while Liaoning will focus on deepening state firm reform, he said.
He said Chongqing's FTZ will aim to promote the development of China's "One Belt, One Road" initiative while Henan will focus on international logistics and transportation, he said. (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk and Kevin Yao; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
go300
Media Contact
RL Ganguli
1800870758
info@gowebdardy.com RL Ganguli1800870758
End
-- GoWebDardy, the fastest growing IT company, has announced that the adoption of the latest technologies regarding the design of the eCommerce websites has helped the organization to grow faster and to keep themselves updated.The convenience of using the online shopping system has evolute the requirements of developing & designing eCommerce websites. The dexterous developers & designers of GoWebDardy has comprehended the significance of the latest tools & trends to put up an eCommerce website.Months of the survey have resulted in the conclusion that the look & feel does matter a lot in the. Integration of relevant images rather text helps in convincing the viewers to subscribe to the website more quickly & frequently. The frame of the retail sites should be simply designed with the search bar, header, web banner and product lists, and should facilitate the purpose of the vendors & the needs of the clients.Pop-ups, query list & feedback forms can be highly effective if integrated properly. The implementation and management of the latest frameworks such as the Magento, ZenCart, Drupal Commerce, simpleCart, Shopify, Bigcommerce, OpenCart, Volusion, Wix, PrestaShop, Weebly and so on have helped the employers of GoWebDardy to create and design optimized, volatile and effective eCommerce websites that satisfy the customers' requirements.GoWebDardy is a developing web, app & software development & designing company with expertise in designing dynamic eCommerce websites in India and across the world. Apart from designing & developing sites that are both webs & app responsive, we evaluate the ranks on the search engines with the help of SEO & Digital Marketing facilities which has helped us in coming forth on the top pages of the search engines with the generation of the high rated potential traffic to our websites.Contact us and let us assist you in creating your own eCommerce website visit http://www.gowebdardy.com/
Aeropodium, Q4 Aviation Solutions and CA Aviation Management Systems are delighted to announce the Cyprus Aviation Symposium to be held on May 17, 2018 in Larnaca, Cyprus.
End
-- The keynote address speaker will be Mrs Vassiliki Anastassiadou, Minister of Transport, Communications and Works of the Republic of Cyprus.This international event will explore the latest developments in the business and commercial aviation sectors of Cyprus as a regional hub. The conference sessions will provide the platform for high level debate, exchange of ideas and information as well as extensive networking opportunities for aviation executives from Cyprus and around the world.Global growing traffic and aircraft demand present a challenge for the industry. This event will explore the latest developments in the aviation sector of Cyprus and new business opportunities and challenges for operators and manufacturers. It is a unique opportunity for all participants to debate the future of aviation in Cyprus, discuss different business models, enhance their knowledge about the regional market, learn about the regional infrastructure developments, and network with leading experts.Participating companies will represent airlines, business aircraft operators and manufacturers, FBO operators, safety and security experts, financing companies, and sectors such as insurance, software technology, airport infrastructure, aircraft registration and other areas that contribute to the development of aviation in Cyprus.Swiftair and Christodoulos G. Vassiliades & Co are supporting the symposium as silver sponsors and Christodoulou & Mavrikis Inc is also participating as an associate sponsor.Expert speakers will contribute with their knowledge and experience. The agenda includes presentations from Anna Anatolitou of Ince & Co, Mark Byrne of Martyn Fiddler Aviation, Chris Christodoulou of Christodoulou & fsbdt Mavrikis, Christos S. Christodoulou of CSC Christodoulou, Matthew Delamere of Eyelevel, Jay Faria of Airtrade Aviation, Vladislav Filev of Cyprus Airways, Anthony Frances of Gateley, Capt. Tilmann Gabriel of City University London, Nick Godwin of Commsoft, Jan Hascher of JSSI, Jordan Karatzas of InterVISTAS Consulting, Joanna Kolatsis of Hill Dickinson, Roland McKay of kayway.aero, James O'Shea of Seefin Aviation, Gregory Olympios of JSSI, Marios Panteli of Cyprus Department of Civil Aviation, and Rob Watts of Aerotask.Panagiotis Panagopoulos, CEO and Founder of Aeropodium pointed out that "the first Cyprus aviation symposium offers a unique opportunity for aviation delegates from around the world to enhance their knowledge about aviation in Cyprus, participate in high level debates, and meet the experts".Antonis Theodorides, CEO and Founder of Q4 Aviation Ltd, an aviation solutions provider in Cyprus, said that "this event aims to demonstrate how Cyprus could become an aviation hub. It has all the potential and infrastructure to contribute to the further development of aviation in the area and beyond with modern airport facilities, MROs and any other requirements"The conference agenda will cover themes such as Cyprus at the crossroads of Europe, Asia and Africa as a new aviation hub, the operators' panel, aircraft financing and leasing, aircraft purchase and sale, aircraft management, maintenance and operations as well as pilots' training and shortage.For more information about the Cyprus Aviation Symposium, please visit http://www.aeropodium.com/ cyprus.html or contact mail@aeropodium.com
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday it was a scandal that the United Nations Security Council did not pass a resolution condemning a suspected chemical attack in Syria this week which killed at least 70 people.
"It was a barbaric attack that must be cleared up. The use of chemical weapons is a war crime," Merkel told a news conference in eastern Germany, adding there were some indications it was carried out by President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
"It is a scandal that no U.N. Security Council resolution materialised and those who opposed it must consider what responsibility they bear," she said. She declined to interpret U.S. President Donald Trump's comments that the attack went "beyond a red line".
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers and Paul Carrel)
Puff pastry, punched into large rounds and rolled out slightly with a rolling pin
Frangipane (recipe follows)
2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced into ¼-inch thick wedges, placed in acidulated water
3 tablespoons granulate sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
Butter, for dotting
Mix together the cinnamon and sugar.
Place the pastry on a non-stick baking sheet and prick all over with a fork. Cover with a generous amount of frangipane and arrange the slices of apples on top, pressing them into the frangipane, so they stick in place. Top with a sprinkle of cinnamon/sugar and bits of butter.
Bake in a 400˚F oven until the pastry is golden brown and puffed and the apples and tender, about 20-25 minutes. Serve with vanilla ice cream, if desired.
Frangipane
8 ounces marzipan
½ stick butter, room temperature
3 tablespoons sugar
¼ teaspoon almond extract
2 eggs
3 tablespoons flour
½ teaspoon salt
Beat together the marzipan, butter, sugar and extract with an electric mixer at medium speed until creamy. Reduce speed to low and add the eggs; 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in the flour and salt.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
GENEVA/TRIPOLI (Reuters) - An estimated 90 migrants are feared to have drowned off the coast of Libya after a smuggler's boat capsized early on Friday, leaving three known survivors and 10 bodies washed up on shore, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said.
Survivors told aid workers that most of the migrants on board were Pakistanis, who make up a growing number of those attempting the hazardous voyage across the Mediterranean to Italy from North Africa, IOM spokeswoman Olivia Headon said.
“They have given an estimate of 90 people who drowned during to capsize, but we still need to verify the exact number of people who lost their lives during the tragedy,” Headon, speaking from Tunis, told a Geneva news briefing.
“What has been reported to us is that it's mostly Pakistanis who were on board the boat, but we still need to verify the nationalities and how many from what country,” she said.
Ten bodies have washed up on Libyan shores so far, two of them Libyans and the rest Pakistanis, she said.
“I believe the Libyan coastguard is looking for other survivors off the coast,” Headon added.
Another IOM spokesman, Leonard Doyle, told Reuters Television that the boat was believed to have left shore on Thursday before capsizing early on Friday morning.
LURE OF “EL DORADO”
The tragedy demonstrates the continued allure of Europe for desperate migrants fleeing conflicts and poverty, Doyle said, despite tighter surveillance of the main smuggling routes by the Libyan coastguard, backed up by European cash and know-how.
“They (the migrants) are lured there by social media. They get onto a phone, they are promised El Dorado, they think life is going to be great. And before they know it, they are getting into the hands of awful criminal, extorting people - smugglers, traffickers, this dreadful, shocking torture,” he said.
Earlier on Friday security officials in the western Libyan town of Zuwara said two Libyans and one Pakistani had been rescued from the boat. They also confirmed the recovery of 10 bodies, mostly Pakistani, but gave no further information.
Zuwara, located near Libya's border with Tunisia, was a favoured site for migrant boat departures over the past two years but of late has seen only occasional departures. A statement from the Zuwara coastguard said their initial information suggested there were some 90 people on board.
Libya is the main gateway for migrants trying to cross to Europe by sea, though numbers have dropped sharply since July as Libyan factions and authorities - under pressure from Italy and the European Union - have begun to block departures.
More than 600,000 people are believed to have made the journey from Libya to Italy over the past four years.
Prior to Friday's incident, some 6,624 migrants are believed to have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year and a further 246 have died, according to IOM figures.
The Libyan coastguard, which receives EU funding and training, has become more assertive in recent months in intercepting migrants and bringing them back to Libya.
Activists have criticised the policy, saying migrants often face extreme hardship and abuse in Libya, including forced labour, according to Human Rights Watch and other rights groups.
Migrants who are caught trying to cross to Italy are put in severely overcrowded detention centres authorised by the interior ministry.
* BHP vs peers over two and 15 years: reut.rs/2oQXpNR reut.rs/2oQXCR9)
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 12 When activist shareholder Elliott Advisors went public with its call to restructure BHP Billiton, it was most likely aware that the world's largest mining company would reject the plan.
Elliott, which manages more than $32.7 billion and holds about 4.1 percent of BHP's London-listed shares, wants the company to end its dual London-Sydney listing, hive off its petroleum assets in a separate listing in New York, and return more cash to shareholders.
By going public with the letter it wrote to BHP directors, Elliott should have known it had no chance of its proposal succeeding. Indeed, BHP soon shot down the plan, saying the costs would outweigh the benefits.
So why bother going to all the rigmarole of working out a restructuring plan, engaging the directors and then going public if there was little chance of success?
Elliott may have been looking for a short-term bounce in the share price, which was duly delivered with the Sydney stock rising 4.6 percent to a close of A$25.73 ($19.30) on April 10, the day the proposal was released to the public.
But more likely is that Elliott wanted to kickstart a debate on how best to unlock value in BHP, and put pressure on management to return more of the benefits of the recent rise in commodity prices to shareholders.
A valid criticism of BHP, and indeed other resource peers such as Rio Tinto, Anglo American and Glencore , is that shareholders largely missed out on the benefits of the massive China-led boom in commodity demand since the end of the 2008 global recession.
This is because the miners chose to expand operations at a cost of billions of dollars rather than return cash to shareholders.
In iron ore and coal, the massive surge in supply led to prices falling for five years from 2011-15, before supply and demand returned to a better balance last year, resulting in strong gains for many commodities.
If an investor has bought BHP shares in Sydney at the height of the post-2008 boom in commodities, they would still be underwater.
BHP's Sydney shares reached a closing peak of A$44.89 on April 11, 2011, before slumping to a trough of A$14.21 in January last year. They have since recovered to A$25.57 at the close on Tuesday.
BHP has underperformed its peers on a two-year view, but outperformed on a 15-year basis, according to Thomson Reuters data.
MANAGING THE CYCLE
The bigger question is how should the management and shareholders of a company like BHP deal with the inherent cyclical nature of commodities.
Certainly, most commodity booms are ended when too much supply is commissioned as the miners all expand operations at more or less the same time in order to chase the higher prices.
But equally there is a risk to not investing to boost production when competitors are - you may end up with a smaller market share and lower prices anyway.
It's worth noting that since the recovery in commodity prices in 2016, when spot iron ore rose 81 percent and Australian thermal coal by 87 percent, major mining companies have been extremely cautious.
BHP, Rio and others have all committed in recent financial statements to maintaining strict cost discipline and limiting the amount of capital spending on new projects.
But it's almost inevitable that the tables will turn and resource companies will be tempted to once again seek to ramp up exploration and develop new projects.
In some ways, they have to, merely to replace reserves that are being depleted, but whether this can be done sensibly remains to be seen.
Certainly the track record of resource companies is patchy in this regard. Witness the simultaneous construction of eight liquefied natural gas plants in Australia, the main effect of which was to drive up costs as companies competed for labour while at the same time causing the price of the fuel to slump.
This dynamic was mirrored in iron ore and coal, and to some extent in crude oil as well, with the emergence of U.S. shale producers in the past few years.
What Elliott may be trying to achieve is to keep pressure on BHP's board and management to increase returns to shareholders while the company is generating strong cash flows off the back of higher prices for iron ore, coal and crude oil.
There may well be some merit in BHP spinning off its petroleum arm, much as it did with the aluminium and other non-core operations when it created South 32 in 2015.
But the irony is that by saying BHP should do this, Elliott has probably ensured they won't, as BHP's board and management wouldn't want to be seen doing something that they had earlier rejected.
The real test of whether Elliott's intervention has had any impact will be how much more cash BHP decides to return to shareholders when it announces its next results, due in August this year.
Disclosure: At the time of publication, Clyde Russell owned shares in BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto as an investor in a fund. (Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA, June 15 A $12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said on Thursday, adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha.
Addressing the current political climate of the world, Beatrice Fihn said "a moment of panic" could lead to the "destruction of cities and the deaths of millions of civilians" from nuclear weapons.
Nuclear annihilation of the world is just a "tiny tantrum" away, warned this year's Nobel Peace Prize winner, Beatrice Fihn, executive director of the International campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (Ican).
Although, Fihn didn't call out anyone specifically, she left little room for doubt as to whom she was referring when she said, "A moment of panic or carelessness, a misconstrued comment or bruised ego could easily lead us unavoidably to the destruction of entire cities.”
She was obviously addressing the escalating war rhetoric between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, which also descended into personal insults several times this year. For example, Trump called Kim “short and fat” and Kim billed Trump a "dotard."
While the insults made for viral headlines, the spat, as childish as it may have seemed, was disconcerting, nevertheless, for one simple reason: grown-up men, that too leaders of nuclear-armed nations, should not be throwing such temper tantrums since there are lives of people at stake.
Read More North Korea's Relentless Pursuit Of Nukes Is Causing Birth Defects
Eventually the seemingly entertaining insults spiraled into a full-fledged war threat on Sept. 19, when Trump gave his first speech to the United Nations General Assembly and threatened to obliterate 25.4 million North Koreans.
Granted, the North Korean dictator has issued multiple threats to nuke countries over the past couple of years, but when the president of the U.S., with access to nuclear codes, does the same thing, it's another matter entirely.
It's almost as if the fates of millions of people are at the mercy of a whims of petulant men - and Fihn pointed this out in her speech.
“The risk for nuclear weapons use is even greater today than at the end of the Cold War. But unlike the Cold War, today we face many more nuclear armed states, terrorists and cyber warfare,” she said. “A moment of panic or carelessness, a misconstrued comment or bruised ego, could easily lead us unavoidably to the destruction of entire cities.”
Ican is a coalition of hundreds of non-governmental organizations (NGOs). It has worked toward a treaty to ban nuclear weapons.
Read More Trump Is Provoking Kim Jong-Un Into A Nuclear War
Thumbnail Credits : Reuters
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Boardriders Inc:
* BOARDRIDERS INC STATEMENT ABOUT CEO PIERRE AGNES
* BOARDRIDERS SAYS SEARCH AND RESCUE EFFORTS HAVE NOT BEEN SUCCESSFUL IN LOCATING CO‘S CEO, PIERRE AGNES, WHO HAS BEEN LOST AT SEA SINCE TUESDAY MORNING Source text for Eikon:
Morgan County
Jacksonville Police
ACCIDENTS
• Tammy M. Dorzab, 47, of Woodson was cited on a charge of following too closely after a two-vehicle accident about 5:30 p.m. Tuesday in the 1600 block of West Morton Avenue.
Police said Dorzab's vehicle struck the rear of a vehicle being driven by Michael P. Wiggins, 60, of Glen Carbon.
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• A 17-year-old boy was arrested about 12:20 a.m. Tuesday on charges of operating a motor vehicle without a valid license, possession of a controlled substance and possession of cannabis.
• Shannan D. Miller, 40, of 605 Locust St. was booked into the Morgan County Jail at 2:42 p.m. Tuesday on a charge of driving under the influence.
• Tony C. Blue, 50, of Calumet City was arrested about 4 p.m. Tuesday on a charge of possession of drug paraphernalia.
• Keir D. Calbert, 48, of Chicago was arrested about 4 p.m. Tuesday on a charge of having no valid driver's license.
• Tony L. Henson, 29, of 1042 E. Morton Ave. was booked into the Morgan County Jail at 8 p.m. Tuesday on a charge of driving while license suspended or revoked.
Waverly Police
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• Cory L. Ellis, 20, of 358 Ayers St. was booked into the Morgan County Jail at 2:54 p.m. Tuesday on a charge of driving while license suspended.
—
Calhoun County
Sheriff
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• William P. Connell, 38, of Hardin was lodged in the Greene County Jail at 6:16 p.m. Friday on a Calhoun County arrest warrant accusing him of theft and on a Greene County warrant accusing him of failing to appear in court.
—
Greene County
Sheriff
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• Francis R. Anderson, 40, of Kane was lodged in the Greene County Jail at 11:30 a.m. Monday on a Greene County arrest warrant accusing him of unlawful delivery of methamphetamine.
• Belinda L. Batchelor, 37, of Kane was lodged in the Greene County Jail at 11:20 p.m. Monday on a charge of possession of a controlled substance and on a Pike County warrant accusing her of failing to appear in court.
• Wyatt L. Heck, 21, of Jacksonville was lodged in the Greene County Jail at 11:16 p.m. Friday on a petition to revoke probation.
Greenfield Police
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• A 17-year-old boy was lodged in the Greene County Jail at 3:45 p.m. Friday on a charge of violating a stalking/no contact order.
Roodhouse Police
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• Mercades L. Shipley, 22, of White Hall was lodged in the Greene County Jail at 7:30 p.m. Sunday on charges of driving under the influence, possession of a controlled substance and child endangerment.
• Daniel A. Brooks, 27, of Roodhouse was lodged in the Greene County Jail at 3 p.m. Saturday on a charge of possession of a controlled substance.
White Hall Police
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• Ethan B. Stiverson, 27, of Greenville was lodged in the Greene County Jail at 2:35 a.m. Sunday on a charge of driving under the influence.
Compiled by Samantha McDaniel-Ogletree, David C.L. Bauer and Greg Olson
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of nervous parents were finding out today if their child has got into a primary school of their choice.
All children born between September 1, 2012 and August 31, 2013 are eligible for a reception place this September.
Tuesday, April 18, is National Offer Day – when councils officially announce the results of applications submitted back in January.
Automated emails were being sent out informing parents throughout the day.
But it can be a stressful time – especially for those who aren't offered places at one of their preferred schools.
Last year, St Thomas' Church of England VA Primary School in Birmingham, was the toughest primary school to get a place in, with just 44 per cent of first preferences offered a place on national offer day on April 18.
In total 66 parents put the school as their first choice but only 29 were offered places, a ratio of five preferences to offers.
Thornton Primary School had the highest ratio of preferences to offers, with 195 people putting the school as one of their three choices, a ratio of 6.5 preferences to each of the 30 places offered.
Union bosses have warned a national shortage of school places is causing misery for some families who face long journeys or have to taxi siblings to separate schools.
One mum's battle to win her daughter a place at a school in Bartley Green in 2016
Kevin Courtney, General Secretary of the National Union of Teachers, said: “We are facing the worst shortage of school places for decades. It is resulting in overcrowded classrooms, often in makeshift buildings that are squeezing out space for playgrounds, for art rooms or music spaces.
“All children should have the right to go to a local school and to be taught by qualified teachers. Government policies are standing in the way of both of these fundamental rights.
“Local councils have had pupil place planning powers removed from them. They can't open new schools; they can't direct academies to expand. They don't have sufficient capital funding to help other schools expand.”
If children are not offered a place at their preferred school, parents have the right to appeal.
A Birmingham City Council spokesman said: “In the case of primary schools, where you have been refused admission to a school, you have the right to appeal to an independent appeal panel who will take into account your individual circumstances.
“The panel will consider the school's case that it cannot admit any more children, weighed against your case that your child really needs to be offered a place at that particular school.
“The appeal panel is completely independent and the decisions they make are legally binding on the local authority, the school and on you.”
Why Birmingham desperately needs THOUSANDS of extra school places by 2018
However, figures have revealed parents left unhappy with the Birmingham school their child has been offered may find they have little joy if they decide to launch an appeal.
Figures obtained last year by the Birmingham Mail from Birmingham City Council, through Freedom of Information Act request, show that 1,236 parents launched an appeal in the 2014/15 academic year after their child failed to clinch the school place they were hoping for.
Out of those appeals, 1,072 were heard by an independent appeal panel - and just 49 of those cases (4.6 per cent) saw parents winning their battle.
Parents in Birmingham had one of the lowest appeals success rate out of local authorities across the West Midlands.
• You can visit www.birmingham.gov.uk/sae to view up-to-date details of how to appeal for a particular school.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK, April 23 U.S. Treasury debt futures prices fell on Sunday after centrist Emmanuel Macron took the first round of voting in the French presidential election. Macron will face far-right leader Marine Le Pen in a May 7 runoff and opinion polls on Sunday had him easily winning the final clash. Ten-year notes futures last fell 25/32 in price, indicating the yield in the cash market is set to jump. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Chris Reese)
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Wednesday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
Rome, Economy Minister Pier Carlo Padoan attends "G7 Science Conference" (0745 GMT) and a conference (0900 GMT).
COMPANIES
ATLANTIA
Managers at Italian motorway group Atlantia and Spanish peer Abertis will meet this week in Italy to discuss plans for a tie up, two sources said on Tuesday. (*) Separately, Abertis said on Wednesday it has reached an accord to acquire 22.52 percent stake in A4 Holding for 125 million euros, leaving the company with a total stake of 85.36 percent.
(*) MONTE DEI PASCHI
The bank's board will discuss an updated draft of its business plan on Thursday, when it meets to review first quarter's result, Il Sole 24 Ore said. To respond to European Commission's request to reduce costs, the bank has proposed 5,000-6,000 layoffs in the next five years, the newspaper added.
(*) TELECOM ITALIA, MEDIASET
It is almost sure that French media company Vivendi will sell its stake in Italian broadcaster Mediaset to solve a dispute with the Italian communications watchdog AGCOM, Il Corriere said.
Telecom group Fastweb could team up with Telecom Italia's mobile unit to compete with French group Iliad, Il Giornale reported.
(*) ALITALIA
Former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is studying a rescue plan for Alitalia which would envisage the government or a state-owned company or agency taking a stake in the carrier, La Stampa reported.
(*) ENERGY, TELECOMS COMPANIES
The government is mulling the possibility to increase the fees for oil and gas concessions, Il Sole 24 Ore reported on Wednesday, adding that also lottery, telecoms and mineral water concessions could be revised up.
(*) EXOR
The holding company of the Agnelli family could become the second-biggest shareholder in Italian publisher Gedi, MF said.
FIAT CHRYSLER
Italy car sales fell 4.62 percent in April to 160,359 vehicles, the transport ministry said.
ALITALIA
Italy industry minister said the government is granting Alitalia a bridge loan of 600 million euros for 6 months.
TERNIENERGIA
The company said it posted sales of 29.9 million euros in the first quarter, 4.59 percent down on the year. Net profits fell 60 percent to 0.2 million euros.
MAIRE TECNIMONT
The company said the Calculation Agent had changed the conversion price of equity-linked bond to 2.0964 euros from 2.1509 euros.
TECHNOGYM
The company said revenues in the first quarter of 2017 amounted to 124.1 million euros, up by 7.4 pct compared to 115.57 million euros in the same period of 2016.
COIMA RES
Meeting with investors, with founder and CEO Manfredi Catella (1630 GMT).
AGATOS
Company holds board meeting on FY results.
CTI BIOPHARMA
Board meeting on Q1 results (press release after U.S. markets closing) followed by conference call (2030 GMT).
LEONARDO
Board meeting on Q1 results.
PIAGGIO
Board meeting on Q1 results, followed by conference call.
RISANAMENTO
Board meeting on Q1 results.
TELECOM ITALIA
Board meeting on Q1 results, followed by conference call (1630 GMT).
YOOX NET-A-PORTER
Board meeting on preliminary Q1 results, followed by conference call (1600 GMT).
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
Some things to know about mass shootings:
HOW IS 'MASS SHOOTING' DEFINED?
There is no concrete definition of "mass shooting." Most researchers who study mass shootings define it as four or more killed (excluding the shooter) in a public place. They do not count domestic violence cases that take place in the home nor do they include gang-related violence. That is also the definition used by the Congressional Research Service.
However, tucked into a law enacted by Congress in 2013 in the immediate aftermath of the Sandy Hook school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, to provide federal law enforcement assistance for active shooter situations was a description of mass killings as three or more killed.
Advertisement
Some other entities include cases in which four or more people are killed or injured.
ARE MASS SHOOTINGS HAPPENING MORE OFTEN?
Researchers say the number of mass shootings has remained fairly steady over the past three decades with occasional fluctuations. "Some years are worse than others and bad years tend to be followed by not so bad years," said James Alan Fox, a professor at Northeastern University in Boston who has been studying mass shootings since the early 1980s.
However, he and other researchers say it does appear that mass shootings have been deadlier in recent years. Since Sandy Hook, Americans have experienced five of the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history — two of those happening this year alone.
WHAT TYPE OF GUNS ARE USED IN MASS SHOOTINGS?
Researchers say the majority of mass shootings are carried out with handguns.
However, of the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history, half of them had a cache of firearms that included AR-style "assault weapons," one of them included an Uzi submachine gun, and the rest used standard rifles and/or handguns.
WHAT WEAPON WAS USED IN THE SANDY HOOK SHOOTING?
Adam Lanza, the gunman who killed 20 children and six adults at the school in Newtown, used a Bushmaster XM15. That firearm, made by Remington Arms, is an AR-style of firearm that was designed in a way to avoid being among the firearms prohibited by the decade-long "assault weapons" ban.
Relatives of the Sandy Hook victims allege in a lawsuit that the maker of the Bushmaster was negligent by marketing military-style weapons to young people who may be unstable and intent on inflicting mass casualties. The lawsuit against Remington Arms was dismissed because of broad immunity granted to the gun industry, but the Connecticut Supreme Court is weighing whether to reinstate it.
PORTLAND — A 43-year-old man suffered serious injuries Thursday night after he was hit by a car at the intersection of Washington Avenue and Presumpscot Street.
Police Maj. James Sweatt said the man was hit around 8:15 p.m. His name and address have not been released, pending notification of his next of kin.
Sweatt said city resident Jose Rodriguez-Arriaga, 22, was issued a criminal summons on a charge of operating without a license for driving the 2008 Saab model 92 that struck the victim.
A flag bearing the logo of Samsung Electronics is pictured at its headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, November 29, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL Even as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) is poised to deliver a surge in earnings to an all-time high this year, some investors are already starting to fret the tech giant will soon become a victim of its own success.
(For a graphic on Samsung earnings click here )
With a market capitalisation of 331 trillion won (£233.46 billion), the South Korean firm has emerged as Asia's most valuable company and its shares have jumped 60 percent since end-2015, hitting a record high in late March.
The outlook is upbeat with analysts seeing high chip prices continuing at least through to the end of this year, and the launch of a new flagship smartphone this month reviving its mobile business after last year's Galaxy Note 7 fires.
But the stock is losing steam, up just 3 percent so far in April, and some investors are questioning the company's long-term growth potential and whether it can maintain the double-digit profit growth expected this year.
"People are starting to worry whether Samsung can repeat these kinds of numbers next year," said Park Jung-hoon, fund manager at HDC Asset Management. "There's no reason to be the first to jump off, but those worries will grow as time passes."
Samsung's operating profit is expected to grow just 5.5 percent next year compared to 61 percent in 2017, according to the average forecast from a Thomson Reuters survey of 16 analysts.
SHORT MEMORY
The driver of Samsung's rally has been the booming memory chip market, with prices for both DRAM and NAND chips soaring as suppliers scramble to meet demand for more firepower from mobile devices and data servers. Researcher IHS expects 2017 memory industry revenues to leap 32 percent to a record $104 billion this year.
(For a graphic on memory chips market forecast click here)
But this growth will not be repeated, analysts say, with more production capacity coming online to alleviate the bottleneck. IHS projects 2018 memory industry revenue to grow by just 3 percent to $107 billion (£85.19 billion).
There is also concern product makers could reach "pricing fatigue" and maintain current chip capacity for new products instead of adding more.
"It feels like we might be reaching a little bit of that right now (for DRAM)," IHS analyst Mike Howard said during a Seoul media briefing earlier this month.
Meanwhile, Samsung has missed out on a flurry of deals in the global chip industry, and the group is unlikely to join the party any time soon as management deals with a damaging corruption scandal that has rocked South Korean politics.
Company scion Jay Y. Lee was arrested in February and is on trial on charges of bribing ousted South Korean president Park Geun-hye. He denies any wrongdoing.
The leadership vacuum will temper investors' hopes for strategic moves that could deliver new near-term growth drivers.
"We're basically going to see the chip profit double this year from 2016 and people will start considering whether that can be matched next year," HDC's Park said.
"As time passes we'll start seeing some analysts start changing their tune."
To be sure, no investors or analysts are expecting Samsung shares to crash.
The firm trades at a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 8.62, according to data compiled by Thomson Reuters, still undervalued compared to 14.61 for smartphone rival Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and 12.55 for chipmaker Intel Corp (INTC.O).
It plans to buy back and cancel 9.3 trillion won in shares, which will support the share price and boost yields.
Extra payouts or buybacks are possible given the likelihood of record profits, further supporting shares, IBK Asset Management fund manager Kim Hyun-su said.
Samsung said on Thursday pre-orders for its flagship Galaxy S8 smartphone have exceeded those of its predecessor S7, suggesting many consumers were unfazed by the Note 7 fires.
(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Miyoung Kim and Stephen Coates)
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington, June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law's taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
Day 30 of the 30th Alaska Legislature's First Regular Session
9:00 a.m. – Senate Finance Committee | Live
10:30 a.m. – House Floor Session | Live
11:00 a.m. – Senate Floor Session | Live
12:00 p.m. – Joint Resources Committee | Live
1:30 p.m. – House Finance Committee | Live
3:30 p.m. – Senate Resources Committee | Live
5:30 p.m. – Senate Judiciary Committee | Recorded
While everyone's list of favorite movie cars varies to some degree, it's safe to say that the "Back to the Future" DeLorean shows up on most of them. And it's no wonder as the thing travels through time and flies, not to mention its gull-wing doors and sleek stainless steel body. Actually owning one can be difficult and expensive, though, so why not get the lookalike coming to " Grand Theft Auto V Online" this week?The car is called the Imponte Deluxo, because GTA never features officially licensed names, and it makes its debut in a big batch of content for the game called "The Doomsday Heist." Like Doc Brown's DeLorean in "Back to the Future Part II," the trailer shows a whole fleet of them taking to the skies from the highway. On top of that, it can go underwater. So, not only is it a tribute to the famous DeLorean, but to James Bond's submersible Lotus Esprit as well. That's two awesome movie cars in one that are fully functional and don't cost money to gas up, insure , and most notably in this case, maintain. It also should look great in your virtual garage next to a Tron-style light cycle This actually isn't the first time a tribute to the "Back to the Future" DeLorean has shown up in a video game. In the racing game "Burnout Paradise," the developers released a pack of movie-inspired cars, including a DeLorean lookalike . It couldn't fly like the GTA version, but it could hover, it had the movie car's extra fins and devices, and it left fiery tire tracks when hitting the boost.
Board member Wayne McNeese made a motion during Monday's monthly meeting to cancel classes Aug. 21 when the area is expected to have an influx of visitors due to the total solar eclipse. The motion failed, keeping classes in session.
“I really have a problem with us going to school on [Aug. 21], because of the liability we expose our teachers to. If not talking about a monetary liability, but these teachers are going to be responsible for 25-30 kids. No way all of those kids will be able to be watched. There are going to be incidents where these kids take off their glasses or whatever they do,” McNeese said.
Board members Johnnie Payton and Tom Sottek said they felt having students in school supervised was a better situation than having some students at home without supervision.
Jennifer Johnson, Wilson County Schools spokesperson, said students are allowed three unexcused absences at parent's discretion and one could be used Aug. 21.
“Unfortunately, we know that not all parents have the luxury of taking a day off from work for something like an eclipse, and we'd hate it for those students to sit home and miss the event all together,” Johnson said last month.
McNeese also raised concern about potential traffic issues following the eclipse due to the expected number of visitors to the area.
NASA ambassador Theo Wellington spoke to the Wilson County Commission earlier this year and discussed the solar eclipse.
Wellington said half of the U.S. population is within a single day's drive to the total solar eclipse path, which means areas along the path, such as Wilson County, will experience an influx of visitors.
“We're going to be in close contact with emergency personnel. If there is the chaos and pandemonium they're predicting, we will hold buses – whatever we need to do -- because kids will be in a safe place,” said Wilson County Director of Schools Donna Wright. “We're not going to release kids and have them stuck.”
Wright said the district would work with local emergency service agencies to monitor traffic situations.
The district bought 19,000 sets of glasses for students and teachers.
Leesa Hubbard, special education teacher and space enthusiast, led two training sessions aimed at creating lessons, activities and plans for students for the Aug. 21 total solar eclipse.
Hubbard said part of the training included safety beyond glasses, such as limiting time outside prior to and after the total eclipse, expected to last two minutes and 37 seconds.
The general public will not be allowed to enter schools for the eclipse, but Wright said several schools have invited parents to the school for the event.
The school board also honored Wilson County school bus driver David Wright during Monday's meeting. Wright became the ninth inductee into the Tennessee School Bus Driver Hall of Fame in June.
Wright, one of the longest tenured drivers in the state, has spent 49 years with the school system, starting in 1967. Wright has driven a bus for every school in Wilson County.
Wright has said he takes pride in his bus and making sure his pupils arrive at their destination without harm. He is also known for his love of Wilson County sports and can be spotted at athletic games after driving a busload of athletes.
Wright has been married to his wife, Helen, for nearly 50 years, and the couple has a son, Calvin.
* Saudi perchems rise after oil price rebounds
* Builder Al Khodari up on credit line renewal
* Very thin trade in Dubai again
* Aldar main drag on Abu Dhabi as it goes ex-dividend
* Eastern Tobacco surges in Egypt
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, March 29 A small rebound in the Brent crude oil price towards $52 a barrel helped lift Saudi Arabia's stock index on Wednesday, in an otherwise sluggish trading session in the region.
The Saudi index rose 1.1 percent to 6,949 points as almost three-quarters of traded stocks advanced. Petrochemical shares were particularly strong with all but one of the 14 listed producers gaining. Saudi Industrial Investment Group jumped its 10 percent daily limit in unusually heavy trade.
Builder Al Khodari climbed 1.2 percent after saying it had renewed its credit line of 373 million riyals ($99.5 million) with Alawwal Bank to help it finance working capital. Alwwal added 1.9 percent, with most of its banking peers also gaining.
Dubai's index closed flat in very thin trade with decliners outnumbering gainers 17 to 12. GFH Financial Group , the most heavily traded stock, dropped 4.1 percent but builder Arabtec added 1.3 percent.
In Abu Dhabi, Aldar Properties slumped 6.2 percent as the largest listed real estate developer went ex-dividend, dragging the market index 0.8 percent lower.
But Abu Dhabi National Energy added 2.2 percent ahead of its fourth-quarter earnings, which are expected to be reported on Thursday.
In Egypt, the index closed flat with declining shares outnumbering gainers 21 to nine. Eastern Tobacco jumped 5.0 percent to 215 Egyptian pounds; in a report, AlphaMena rated the stock a "buy" with a six-month target price of 268 points.
WEDNESDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index added 1.1 percent to 6,949 points.
DUBAI
* The index flat at 3,447 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index fell 0.8 percent to 4,436 points.
QATAR
* The index lost 0.4 percent to 10,417 points.
KUWAIT
* The index declined 0.6 percent to 7,008 points.
EGYPT
* The index was flat at 12,988 points.
OMAN
* The index added 0.2 percent to 5,554 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index rose 0.2 percent to 1,380 points.
(Editing by Andrew Torchia and Richard Lough)
Oil services company John Wood Group Plc (WG.L) said it expected about 36 percent more cost savings from its deal to buy Amec Foster Wheeler Plc (AMFW.L) for 2.2 billion pounds ($2.7 billion) than it first estimated when announcing the deal in March.
Wood Group said it has been able to increase the expected level of pretax cost synergies from at least 110 million pounds to at least 150 million per annum by the end of the third year after the deal closes.
Cost savings would come from operating, corporate and administration efficiencies, Wood Group said.
Wood Group agreed to buy Amec Foster last month, seeking rewards from the fast-growing U.S. shale energy sector.
Wood Group, a 35-year old company based in the Scottish city of Aberdeen, grew out of helping companies in the now declining North Sea oil basin. It said the deal would enable it to expand in areas best placed to benefit from an upturn in commodity prices, notably the U.S. onshore shale oil and gas sector.
($1 = 0.8039 pounds)
(Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by David Holmes)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Community Entertainment Svenska Ab :
* SIGNS LETTER OF INTENT TO ACQUIRE RED RESERVE AB
* ACQUISITION IS FINANCED THROUGH DIRECTED ISSUE OF 3 MILLION SHARES TO SELLER BATTLERIFF GAMING AB Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: A daunting new year dawns in global markets
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
 Community comments are sought during an open house at 4 p.m. June 6 on the Omak School District's revised emergency operations plan...
Get full access to The Omak-Okanogan County Chronicle! • For less than 11 cents a day, you can have complete access to all the local news, photos and video from Okanogan Country's primary news source.
• Read on your computer, tablet or smart phone.
• You can subscribe by week, month or year.
Note: If you are already a print subscriber, call our office at 509-826-1110 or 800-572-3446. To subscribe and read the full version of this story please click here.
JOHANNESBURG, March 30 The South African Communist Party, allies of the ruling African National Congress (ANC), formally objected to a plan by President Jacob Zuma to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan, a senior SACP official said on Thursday.
The party registered its objection during a meeting with Zuma on Monday, deputy secretary general Solly Mapalia told a media conference. (Reporting by TJ Strydom; Writing by James Macharia; editing by John Stonestreet)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Dealership recognized as 4.9 star top-rated dealer by CarGurus
Contact
Rob Mancuso
***@mancusomotorsports.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12646502/1 Rob Mancuso
End
-- Mancuso Motorsports, downtown Chicago's premier provider of new Lotus and pre-owned sports luxury vehicles, has been named a 2017 Top Rated Dealer by CarGurus, a leading online automotive shopping platform.According to Same Zales, president, dealer operations, "Only the best-reviewed dealerships receive the CarGurus Top Rated Dealer award. We ar excited to recognize Mancuso Motorsports in this category of top performing dealers who share our commitment to building a transparent shopping experience."Rob Mancuso, president of Mancuso Motorsports, stated, "We are thrilled to be recognized by an industry leader for our unique approach to the sales process and the high ratings given by our customers. The Mancuso family is soon to celebrate 100 years in the automobile business, and this award validates our strategy."A 4.9-star rating is a testament to exceptional customer service and helps to establish trust with future buyers. Recently, Mancuso Motorsports was the recipient of the Better Business Bureau of Chicago and Northern Illinois Torch Award for Business Ethics.
Security is the ultimate point/counterpoint effort. But instead of a one-for-one ratio — instead of a 50% increase in security here reducing fraud attacks over there by 50% — many of the security measures adopted in retail result in a net increase of fraud success. Such a situation exists with EMV, and Visa and Mastercard have just made it worse.
Let's start with the good security news. EMV, executed properly, should pretty much block all cloned cards. In the olden days of retail fraud, that was the most popular means of cashing out stolen payment card credentials. As expected, as EMV slowly makes its way into physical retail storefronts — and by slowly, we mean that today, more than a year after the deadline for EMV came and went, the vast majority of stores have yet to activate EMV — online fraud has increased.
Interestingly, fraudsters have discovered that online fraud is a lot easier and more profitable than physically making cloned cards, let alone less risky. Cyberthieves were never in love with the idea of walking into a store, risking arrest if the cloned cards were discovered. That's why clueless locals were almost always used to cash the cards in. If they were arrested, there theoretically would be no way to connect them to the real bad guy.
The result is that online fraud is increasing more than in-store fraud is decreasing. And don't forget that the vast majority of stores don't yet have EMV protection, so retail is now getting hit from both sides.
This requires fast action from the forces behind retail payments. And so, in December, both Mastercard and Visa announced that they were further extending the EMV deadline for gas stations by an additional two years. Wait a second, what?
Mastercard and Visa are basically telling cyberthieves that they should push their physical fraud operations to gas stations.
By the way, this EMV delay for gas stations is on top of an earlier delay for them. Triple sigh.
In fairness, gas stations do tend to need more time for POS changes, given the nature of their card swipes and the physical changes needed. Those needs, however, should have been addressed with the initial delays — delays lasting two extra years, mind you.
This is how Visa described it's decision in its statement: "We knew that the (gas station) segment would need more time to upgrade to chip because of the complicated infrastructure and specialized technology required for fuel pumps. For instance, in some cases, older pumps may need to be replaced before adding chip readers, requiring specialized vendors and breaking into concrete. Furthermore, five years after announcing our liability shift, there are still issues with a sufficient supply of regulatory-compliant EMV hardware and software to enable most upgrades by 2017."
Makes sense, so far. Then Visa offered this rationale: "An important element of our study has been that fraud rates at fuel pumps are relatively low — approximately 1.3 percent of total U.S. payment fraud." Perfect. The best response to that is to announce to thieves everywhere that gas stations will have the weakest security of any merchant, so please redirect your attacks.
The main reason that gas stations have relatively few current attacks is that they offer a fairly low ceiling on how much can be stolen at any one time. Convenience store snacks and even a full tank of premium for a large SUV simply can't compare with a chain that sells $500 gift cards and multi-thousand-dollar TVs. But those limits will be irrelevant as merchants increase their EMV rollouts. This accomplishes little beyond painting a red bulls-eye on gas stations everywhere.
The card brands could have worked with the industry to accelerate the availability of that POS equipment years ago, back when it first decided to push EMV in the U.S. A very legitimate criticism of both Visa and Mastercard is that they set in motion this huge EMV effort without doing what was needed to fulfill the demand they were creating.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
Political will is a phrase chief executive of Sport New Zealand Peter Miskimmin uses frequently. In Dublin tonight to deliver the keynote address at this year's Federation of Irish Sport Conference in Trinity College Dublin, his lecture Sport: The New Zealand Way. Grassroots to Greats. What Can Ireland Learn? is provocative enough. So it should be.
Miskimmin arrives speaking a similar language to many sports administrators but New Zealand have become a plucky little nation of winners. Their medals at Olympic Games has begun to eclipse Ireland despite a similar population of over four million people. Time to rethink?
Since Sydney 2000, Ireland has won one medal, zero medals, three medals, six medals and two medals in Rio, where the team ranked 62nd on the medals table. Rio was Ireland's biggest ever team with 77 athletes.
Since 2000, New Zealand have won 50 Olympic medals in both the summer and winter Olympic Games, or over four times that of Ireland.
In Rio alone New Zealand won 18 medals, four of them gold, nine silver and five bronze surpassing a previous record haul of 13 from the London Games in 2012. Their Rio team consisted of 100 women and 99 men, the first time ever there were more women.
Tough decisions
Ireland in Rio: two silver medals from Annalise Murphy in sailing and the O'Donovan brothers Paul and Gary in rowing.
“We started in 2007-08,” says Miskimmin. “We increased our [medal] tally in Beijing. We increased it to 13 in London and to 18 in Rio. We had the political will to be able to make pretty tough decisions and to target the resources to where we believe we are going to get the best outcome.
“Strangely enough, that actually lifted the performance and expectation of all sports around what high performance (HP) looked like to the point where we have gone from six sports winning in London to nine winning in Rio. We are very proud of that.”
The language is of aligning community sport with high performance, importantly of physical literacy at school and the political will to fund and support tough calls.
New Zealand athletes are not inherently better than Irish athletes but Sport NZ seem decisively better at picking what sports their athletes are good at doing.
“We have a targeted approach. We do not give money to all sports,” explains Miskimmin. “We used to have only six sports that we targeted. Now we are up to 12 and if you can't demonstrate that you can get on a podium . . . it's a very unfair system but it's what we do.
“We are a small country and our resources are pretty small,” he adds. “We have a very small gene pool with around 4½ million people. The breadth of sports winning is an indication that the approach we have taken is right.”
Britain has a similar approach, where sports have been punished for failing to meet targets. Basketball along with six others including synchronised swimming, water polo and weightlifting were stripped of funding because UK Sport did not believe they could win medals prior to Rio. The money saved was disbursed among other sports.
In New Zealand, a third of their money also goes on international travel because of their remote location. There is an imperative to deliver value for money.
Restructure
“We have changed things,” says Miskimmin. “From 2011 we created a restructured of the HP system and we actually created a wholly owned subsidiary to run HP. We wanted to give it a little bit of distance from the bureaucracy, allow them to focus on absolute winning and getting our athletes to go faster.”
Political will means not cutting money to sport as Ireland has done every year since the crash including 2018. Despite proven health benefits, successive governments have failed to understand or lacked the will to back sport.
It is unlikely any administration would have the appetite to back radical action for fear of blow back from disenchanted federations. But since the foundation of the State, just six Irish sports have won Olympic medals, 16 in boxing representing more than half the entire haul of 31. Athletics, swimming, sailing, rowing and equestrian are the others.
“The one thing we can't do is we can't cover everyone and that's the challenge that we have,” says Miskimmin.
It's a thought to savour. Take out boxing from the Olympic programme (although they are doing a fine job of taking themselves out) and Ireland is an Olympic wasteland.
Perhaps Miskimmin will prompt different thinking. Perhaps now it is time to exercise tough love, look to where Ireland might find medals in the future. That maybe new Olympic sports, rock climbing or surfing. Radical all right but radical is working for New Zealand.
Medal tally: how Ireland fares against New Zealand
2000: Ireland (1 medal ) - NZ (4 medals)
2004: Ireland (0 medals) - NZ (5 medals)
2008: Ireland (3 medals) - NZ ( 9 medals)
2012: Ireland (6 medals) - NZ (13 medals)
2016: Ireland (2 medals) - NZ (18 medals)
SPECTRO Analytical Instruments will showcase its next-generation ICP-OES and ED-XRF analyzer technologies —delivering advanced performance, productivity, and savings — at ACHEMA 2018, Hall 4.2, stand J8.
Both inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry (ICP-OES) and energy dispersive X-ray fluorescence (XRF) technologies have seen dramatic improvements in recent years. In particular, two recently upgraded SPECTRO flagship instruments showcase these advances: the SPECTRO ARCOS ICP-OES analyzer and the SPECTRO XEPOS ED-XRF analyzer. SPECTRO will feature both at ACHEMA 2018 — and highlight its new ICP-OES analyzer software package.
SPECTRO ARCOS high-resolution ICP-OES analyzer represents the pinnacle of productivity and performance as the first and only spectrometer featuring the fast, convenient selection of axial plasma or radial plasma observation in a single instrument — without any optical compromise. The analyzer delivers dramatically improved sensitivity, stability, and precision — at lower operating costs.
SPECTRO XEPOS ED-XRF spectrometer represents a quantum leap in ED-XRF technology, providing breakthrough advances in the multi-elemental analysis of major, minor, and trace element concentrations. New developments in excitation and detection — introduced with the SPECTRO XEPOS analyzer — deliver outstanding sensitivity and detection limits and yield remarkable gains in precision and accuracy.
Also at ACHEMA 2018, SPECTRO will demonstrate its all-new SPECTRO ICP Analyzer Pro software package for the latest models of its SPECTROBLUE and SPECTRO ARCOS ICP-OES analyzers. The new software delivers a greatly improved and more-intuitive user experience, plus unequaled ease and speed for the rapid retrieval and processing of results with total traceability.
For more information, join SPECTRO at ACHEMA 2018 in s 4.2, stand J8. To schedule a demonstration of any featured SPECTRO solution, visit
http://icp-oes.spectro.com/new-analyzer-software
For additional information about next-generation SPECTRO ICP-OES solutions, view the video, “What do you need in an analyzer?” or download the white paper, “Four reasons to upgrade to next-generation ICP-OES technology.”
For additional information about SPECTRO ED-XRF advancements, view the video, “Why upgrade your ED-XRF analyzer?” or download the white paper, “Five reasons for upgrading to a next-generation ED-XRF analyzer.”
April 12 Axamansard Insurance Plc
* AXA Mansard in process of partnering with International Finance Corp, member of World Bank group and couple other companies
* AXA Mansard in process of partnering on the possibility of investing in a hospital project Source text ID: (bit.ly/2p5G2Zk) Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Former presidential candidate Norbert Hofer of the Austrian Freedom Party (FPO) addresses a news conference in Vienna, Austria, April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
VIENNA The far-right runner-up in Austria's presidential election last year, Norbert Hofer, said there should be no dual-citizenship for Turks until Ankara discloses how many Turks in Austria still hold Turkish citizenship.
The number of immigrants holding illegal dual-citizenship has come into focus in Austria since the Turkey held a referendum that approved sweeping new powers for Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan, putting pressure on Austria's interior minister.
Turks living in Austria voted overwhelmingly in favour of the constitutional changes, broadly in line with results from other European countries.
"If I could decide I would no longer naturalise any Turks until we get all information there is from Ankara about dual citizenships," Hofer told Oe24 TV late on Thursday.
Hofer's anti-immigration and Freedom Party (FPO) has led opinion polls ahead of the ruling centrist parties for over a year, buoyed by rising concerns over immigration. He narrowly lost to an independent rival in presidential elections late last year.
The FPO sits in the same bloc as France's National Front and other nationalist parties in the European parliament, although, unlike some of its allies, it has rowed back from calls for a vote on Austria's future within the European Union.
A war of words between Turkey and the EU erupted last month after several countries stopped Turkish politicians holding rallies intended to drum up support for Erdoğan.
But diplomatic tensions between Austria and Turkey predate this escalation with other European countries after Austria led earlier calls to stop EU membership talks with Turkey.
(Reporting By Shadia Nasralla; editing by Richard Lough)
U.S. Police say the man responsible for Sunday's massacre in Las Vegas may have been planning an...
Japan is hoping to capitalize on the recent outbreak of diplomacy in Northeast Asia by arranging a face-to-face meeting between Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader, although analysts suggest the Japanese leader has far fewer bargaining chips with which to entice the regime in Pyongyang to the bargaining table.
Abe announced that he would be keen to hold direct talks with Kim during a telephone conversation with South Korean President Moon Jae-in late last week.
The Japanese leader has been one of the staunchest supporters of the international community taking a hard line against Pyongyang's development of nuclear weapons and long-range ballistic missiles, but he has apparently recognized that Japan is being left behind as both Seoul and Washington engage with Kim.
Read more: Japanese PM Shinzo Abe warns North Korea talks could be ploy
Both Moon and Trump have agreed to meet Kim, with a summit that brings together the two Korean leaders penciled in for before the end of April. The talks between Kim and Trump are considered slightly more difficult to arrange, in part because of the unpredictability of both leaders, although there are suggestions that discussions are underway to hold the meeting in Sweden or Finland.
Read more: Sweden and North Korea end talks ahead of possible Trump-Kim summit
Abducted citizens
And while Japan is inevitably concerned about the North's nuclear and missile programs, it is likely that Abe's main area of focus will be the question of Japanese citizens who were abducted by the North in order to train future agents that would be infiltrated into Japanese society. Officially, Tokyo has evidence of less than 20 Japanese who have been kidnapped, although rights groups here have a list of more than 100 people who have gone missing in mysterious circumstances and they believe may well have been snatched by North Koreans.
"Both men are deeply unpredictable, but it does appear that the Trump-Kim meeting could happen and Japan does not want to be left out of the conversation," said Robert Dujarric, a professor of international relations at the Japan campus of Temple University.
"But, in reality, there is not too much for Japan and North Korea to discuss because Japan has little to offer the North in exchange for the release of the abductees – or even information on them – and there would appear to be little advantage for Kim to meet Abe," he told DW.
"Kim's priority is talking with the US and South Korea because those are the countries that he is facing militarily and diplomatically, which makes Japan far less important. Meeting Trump will be something of a victory for Kim because it will bestow legitimacy on a regime that has until now been seen as a global pariah and put him at the level of an international statesman," he said.
"Japan, on the other hands, just wants something from the North and they are unlikely to want to spend time talking about the abductees."
Read more: German BND spy agency: North Korean rockets can hit Europe
Watch video 00:51 North Korea's Kim Jong-un and Donald Trump to meet
Abductees' tragic tale
"The story of those who were abducted is tragic, but there is, in truth, not a lot that can be done if the North does not want to cooperate," Dujarric said.
The only possible leverage that could be applied, believes Yoichi Shimada, a professor of international relations at Fukui Prefectural University, is an offer to relax unilateral sanctions that Tokyo has imposed on the North specifically over the question of the abductees.
"I spoke to Abe on this very issue about a year ago and he said to me at the time that he would only go to a summit in North Korea if they guaranteed that they would allow the abductees to leave on the plane with him when it was over," Shimada told DW. "I see no reason why he would have changed his mind on this matter since then."
"The abductees are an extremely important issue for Abe personally and for Japan as a nation," he said. "There is no point on going to talks if they are merely going to be about procedures or trivial things."
Shimada concedes, however, that North Korea "despises" Japan and that convincing Kim to take part in talks will be difficult.
Read more: North Korea stays silent on Donald Trump meeting with Kim Jong-un
Watch video 00:17 South Korea says North ready for denuclearization talks
Strictest sanctions
"The only thing that Japan has is the strictest sanctions in the world, which go far beyond the United Nations Security Council sanctions," Shimada said. "If the North is aware that relaxing those sanctions is on the table for discussion, then it is possible that they might agree to talk."
The last time leaders of the two nations met in person was in 2004, when the then-Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi flew to Pyongyang for talks with Kim's late father, Kim Jong il, and managed to secure the release of a handful of Japanese abductees.
The situation has changed dramatically in the intervening 14 years, however, with bilateral relations icy. But if the North Korean leadership is genuinely interested in re-engaging with the international community – a big "if," analysts emphasize – then they will need to have a working relationship with Tokyo.
"Naturally, Kim is presently focused on his planned meeting with Trump," Shimada noted. "But if the preliminary talks between the US and North Korea make reference to the abductees issue and the US can insist that they are part of any future agreement, then it might happen."
Read more: Japan 'ghost ships' drifting from desperate North Korea
