YOU may have heard the expression, 'not all calories are equal', and indeed when it comes to liquid calories, the ones we consume via a variety of smoothies, juices, coffees, wines and spirits we need to be particularly careful.
You see, when we consume our calories via liquids, not only do we not register that we have actually consumed this many calories but especially sugary drinks such as soft drinks and juices are more likely to see fat accumulated in the liver when we drink them regularly. Soft drink is also one of the only individual food groups directly linked to excessive sugar consumption and weight gain. So if you have not done so before, it may be worth considering how many of your daily calories you are actually drinking.
Some of us start our day with coffee, others a green smoothie or maybe you are more of a juice person. Whatever your morning go to, chances are it could be adding almost a breakfast worth of calories without you realising it. Take a coffee for example, a black coffee with a dash of milk contains an insignificant number of calories and sugar, while a large caramel Latte contains at least 200 calories and more than 5 teaspoons of sugar. Or an average serve of fruit juice will offer at least 200 calories and 6 teaspoons of sugar, while a large smoothie will clock in with at least 400 calories and up to 12 teaspoons of sugar. So if your goal is weight control and to keep your sugar intake to a minimum, when it comes to breakfast drinks, choose small unflavoured coffees, vegetable juices in place of fruit and order a small smoothie and remember it is the meal, not just a drink.
This is the best option if you're choosing a smoothie for breakfast. Picture: istock.
Next we have the beverages we choose why we go about our day-to-day jobs - you may enjoy a midmorning coffee; coconut water after a visit to the gym or you may pick up an energy drink to keep you awake until lunchtime. Again all of these popular drinks are adding a significant number of calories to your day - a coffee at least 100, an energy drink at least 150 calories and up to 7 teaspoons of sugar, and even 'healthy' coconut water will give you more than 3 teaspoons of sugar in a single serve. The good news? It is easy to wipe out these extra calories by sticking to water, plain tea and coffee in between meals and if you must add some flavour to your drinks in between meals, always look for sugar free options.
Soft drink, flavoured mineral waters and juice remains the favourite lunchtime drink options, with many a lunch meal deal dependent on choosing one of these sugary additions to round out your lunch. The issue? All of these options will add 5-9 teaspoons of sugar along with a couple of hundred extra liquid calories. Better options? Water, sparking or soda water or if you must a diet or no sugar bubbly alternative.
Once we make it through the day, while sugary drinks have less of a focus, if you do enjoy a wine or beer most days, it can be easy to drink as many calories as a meal without even noticing. It is a common belief that alcohol contains a lot of sugar, this is not exactly true. Rather it is the nutrient alcohol that contains a significant number of calories, and when we are enjoying alcohol the body is so busy burning off these alcohol calories that the calories we consume via food (think fried food, dips, chips and snacks) while we are drinking that are more likely to be stored. It is for this reason that alcohol is closely linked to weight gain.
So if you regularly enjoy a couple of alcoholic drinks after work, with the larger glasses we tend to pour our own drinks into, we will be adding an extra 200-300 calories into our day, or almost that of a small meal in itself. For many of us, our liquid calorie intake explains very simply why we are gradually gaining weight, even though we may not be eating all that differently.
You don't have to just ditch the brownies if you're on a diet. The large mocha or caramel latte isn't doing you any favours either. Picture:Instagram
The average female who spends much of the day sitting will burn roughly 1200-1500 calories per day and an average male between 1600-2000 calories. If you consider that a couple of large milk coffees along with a smoothie or juice and glass or two of wine will be adding up to an extra 700-1000 calories each day, you could be drinking more than ½ the number of calories you need. Liquid calories are closely linked to weight gain, we do not eat significantly less when we drink some of our calories and they are one area of our diet in which we can easily cut back.
So where possible choose plain black or piccolo sized coffees; limit your intake of sugary drinks and juices opting for no or low calorie sparking water or vegetable juices instead and watch the size of your nightly wine pour to slash these extra liquid calories and your calorie intake overall.
Susie Burrell is a dietitian and nutritionist. Follow her on Twitter @SusieBDiet
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
© Maxim Shemetov / Reuters
Despite the strained relations between Moscow and Washington, the US must see Russia as a superpower and seek dialogue, the head of a delegation of US lawmakers said after a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.The delegation headed by Senator Richard Shelby is in the Russian capital to pave the way for the upcoming meeting between President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin in Helsinki.Shelby, who spoke to a journalist after meeting Lavrov, was non-committal about what he expected from the presidential meeting,he said, adding that Trump and Putin are aiming at a productive negotiation. "I think they both a looking for a better day."The meeting with Lavrov was held behind closed doors, but Shelby described them as "very good." He said:The delegation of US lawmakers arrived in Russia hot on the heels of US National Security Adviser John Bolton, who settled the details of the upcoming Trump-Putin meeting last week. The two leaders are to have their first serious face-to-face meeting in less than two weeks' time.Moscow and Washington have locked horns over a number of issues in recent months, including the Syria conflict and the crisis in Ukraine. Relations have been affected by Washington's allegations that Moscow had a hand in influencing the 2016 presidential elections. Russia has repeatedly denied the allegations,
When Love, Simon, the film version of Becky Albertalli's Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda was first announced, fans of the book were understandably thrilled. And since its March 17th release, Simon Spier's story of coming out and falling in love has hit a nerve not only with lovers of the original story, but with a wider audience as well. Let's just say, the obsession is real. This is the gay rom-com we all always knew we needed and you might be finding yourself even now scrambling to figure out when you'll have time to catch the movie again — twice, thrice, maybe four times if you can manage it.
But lest you think that the story of the Simon-verse ends there, I'm here to tell you that you've got one very special surprise in store...and you don't even have to wait that long to open it. Because there's more Simon coming our way on April 24, 2018, in the form of Leah on the Offbeat, the Simon book sequel. And it's all about Simon's BFF, Leah Burke.
Leah On The Offbeat by Becky Albertalli, $12.64, Amazon (Pre-Order)
This is especially exciting news for fans of Simon who fell in love with Leah both on page and on screen, as the final installment in the Simon universe will focus in specifically on her. While Leah (and the rest of Simon's crew) was a huge part of the film, you'll get to know even more about her thanks to Albertalli's latest release. If you imagined Leah as a badass girlband drummer struggling with a sexual awakening of her own...let's just say you're going to really love Leah on the Offbeat.
Here's the gist of the plot: When it comes to drumming, Leah Burke is usually on beat — but real life isn't always so rhythmic. An anomaly in her friend group, she's the only child of a young, single mom, and her life is decidedly less privileged. She loves to draw but is too self-conscious to show it. And even though her mom knows she's bisexual, she hasn't mustered the courage to tell her friends — not even her openly gay BFF, Simon. So Leah really doesn't know what to do when her rock-solid friend group starts to fracture in unexpected ways. With prom and college on the horizon, tensions are running high. It's hard for Leah to strike the right note while the people she loves are fighting — especially when she realizes she might love one of them more than she ever intended.
If it's that special mix of heartfelt and emotional, hilarious and relatable, that first drew you into Simon — whether on page or on screen — it sounds like we're all in for much the same in this highly anticipated sequel. And with only a little over a month to go, it looks like this is definitely going to be the spring of Simon-based feels. Let's just hope that Hollywood comes calling for this one, too.
On Monday, Cynthia Nixon made a huge announcement: She's running for New York state governor. Nixon will be running as a Democrat against fellow Democrat and incumbent Gov. Andrew Cuomo in the state's September primary election. Of course, some fans are praising Nixon's run for governor with tweets and memes, especially ones related to Sex and the City. Many fans of the show are overjoyed that the woman who they adored as Miranda Hobbes in the HBO hit series is taking on a much larger political role.
In Nixon's announcement video, she says, "We want our government to work again, on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us." In August 2017, The Wall Street Journal reported there was a chance Nixon could run for governor. In March, Politico reported the 51-year-old was continuing to "explore" a potential run for governor.
At the time of Politico's report, her publicist, Rebecca Capellan, said in a statement: "Many concerned New Yorkers have been encouraging Cynthia to run for office, and as she has said previously, she will continue to explore it. If and when such a decision is made, Cynthia will be sure to make her plans public."
Well, that's exactly what she did Monday. Her passion for politics, her state, and its residents has Nixon's supporters shouting from the rooftops. And when it comes to Nixon and this next step in her life, how can SATC fans not compare it to Miranda? They are one in the same with being badass, powerful women, who want more from life.
Here's how some SATC fans are reacting to the news:
She's Awake & Raring To Go
Her time has finally come.
How Many Are Referring To Her Now
And of course including some of Miranda's best quotes.
Her Name Will Be All Over New York
This really is a special bridge.
Miranda Is Upping Her Game
From lawyer to governor. Yeah, that has a nice ring to it.
This Would've Impacted SATC Majorly
The only thing that would make a third potential movie worthwhile — maybe.
This Calls For Pizza
Pizza makes everything better.
Who's Her "Chief Of Sandwich"?
A nice callback to this scene with Miranda and the man wearing a sandwich costume.
It's A Great Feeling
Heartwarming, to say the least.
She's Changing Celebs' Roles In Politics
Celebrities receive a lot of criticism for talking politics and wanting to run. And on top of that another certain New Yorker ran for a big role with some very surprising results... This fan thinks Nixon could "change the narrative."
She's The Only One Capable
There are a lot of people hoping Nixon can fix the subway.
And For Anyone Who Forgot...
This is the power Nixon had as Miranda, and many fans hope it's a sign of what she could do as governor.
You can tell how ready and excited she is to take on her candidacy for governor. It means a lot to her. Like she said in her announcement video, which also features her wife, Christine Marinoni, and children, "I love New York. I've never wanted to live anywhere else, but something has to change."
For years, Nixon has advocated on behalf of the LGBTQ community and has shined a light on issues within the education system. Billy Easton, executive director of the Alliance for Quality Education, which Nixon has served as a spokesperson for in New York, told People in August 2017: "As a public school Mom and a member of the Alliance for Quality Education, Cynthia has consistently been on the front line in the fight for our public schools. She knows her way around New York State politics, is a very thoughtful and intelligent leader and brings a pizzazz that would really excite voters."
Well, she certainly seems to be doing just that with SATC fans and supporters of her politics who can't wait to get to the polls in September.
VENTURA (California): The largest California wildfire advanced on coastal towns near Santa Barbara on Sunday, stoked by the gusty winds and dry conditions that have fueled destructive blazes across the state`s southern region.
Authorities ordered residents in parts of Carpinteria and Montecito to evacuate early on Sunday as the Thomas Fire edged closer to the city of Santa Barbara, about 100 miles (160 km) west of Los Angeles. The blaze has already blackened 155,000 acres (62,726 hectares) and consumed hundreds of structures.
Some half-dozen fires have raged across California since early last week.
At least one home in Carpinteria burned down on Sunday, the Santa Barbara County Fire Department said. The fire was only 15 percent contained as of Sunday morning, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (Cal Fire).
Top wind speeds were forecast to increase to 55 miles per hour (89 km per hour) on Sunday from 40 mph (64 kph) on Saturday, according to the National Weather Service. The gusts, coupled with the rugged mountain terrain above Santa Barbara and Ventura counties, have hampered firefighting efforts, authorities said.
The fires raging across Southern California have forced the evacuation of some 200,000 people and destroyed nearly 800 structures. A 70-year-old woman died Wednesday in a car accident as she attempted to flee the flames in Ventura County.
The Thomas Fire, the largest of the infernos, had left nearly 90,000 customers without power as of early Sunday morning, Southern California Edison said on its website.
The 8,5000 firefighters battling the fires that have burned over the past week gained some ground on Saturday.
Both the Creek and Rye fires in Los Angeles County were 90 percent contained by Sunday morning, officials said, while the Skirball Fire in Los Angeles was 75 percent contained.
North of San Diego, the 4,100-acre (1,659 hectare) Lilac Fire was 60 percent contained by Sunday.
A brush fire broke out Saturday night in the city of Monrovia in Los Angeles County, prompting temporary evacuations, the U.S. Forest Service said on Twitter.
A group of Boy Scouts camping in the area were among those evacuated, the Los Angeles Times reported.
Crews knocked down the 3-acre (1.2 hectare) blaze and no structures were reported damaged, the city of Monrovia said on its web site.
California Governor Jerry Brown issued emergency proclamations last week for Santa Barbara, San Diego, Los Angeles and Ventura counties, freeing up additional resources to fight the infernos.
President Donald Trump issued a federal proclamation that enabled agencies to coordinate relief efforts.
IPL 2018: Rating the 3 retired international players who played this year
Three players who have retired from all forms of international cricket were part of the IPL this year.
Vipul Gupta ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 13:17 IST 1.64K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Indian Premier League has given a stage to the retired international players to stay in touch with the game and bring their experience to the team. It has now become a trend that players who retire from international cricket keep on playing in T20 leagues around the globe.
While some of them are signed as potential players, most of the retired players are signed by the T20 franchises more than mentors who bring experience to the team. Three players who have retired from all forms of international cricket were part of the IPL this year.
Here's a look at how they have fared in the season:
Note: AB de Villiers is not included in the list as he took retirement after the league stage of this year's IPL.
#3 Mitchell Johnson
Mitchell Johnson who is Australia's best fast bowler after Glenn McGrath and Brett Lee took retirement from international cricket in 2015. It was surprising to see Johnson's name in the IPL players' auction list this year as his performance has gone downhill in the recent times.
The speedster failed to find a bidder in the first round of the auction but was bought by the Kolkata Knight Riders in the later round for his base price of Rs. 2 crore. Although the Kolkata based franchise relied on Mitchell Starc to lead the pace attack his unfortunate injury meant Johnson had to undertake the responsibilities.
Johnson was ineffective with the ball in the initial games and was thus dropped from the team. He returned again in the match against Delhi Daredevils only to be dropped again after four games.
Overall, he took just 2 wickets at a poor economy of 10.28 in the 6 matches that he played this season. Johnson kept on leaking runs and struggled taking wickets. It looks like his future in the IPL is uncertain and he might remain unsold in the auction next year.
Rating: 2/10
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brother and sister dressed in walking gear were found dead near to another body yesterday, as the mystery continues over their deaths at cliffs near Dover.
Police are investigating the deaths of the three people after they were discovered dead near to Langdon cliffs.
The man and woman are thought to be siblings in their 60s from the Cheshire area, Kent Police said.
They were dressed in dark wet weather clothing, police added.
Another man, in his 40s from Greater Manchester, was discovered nearby. His next of kin have been informed.
None of the deaths are being treated as suspicious and police believe they are not linked.
Police are appealing for anyone who may have seen the siblings near to the cliffs between Boxing Day and New Year's Day.
(Photo: Newcastle Chronicle)
The first man's body was found by Dover Lifeboat crew at 2.49pm yesterday.
Shortly after, the coast guard helicopter found the siblings' bodies less than two miles away.
A police spokesman said: "Enquiries are ongoing to confirm the identities of the three people found at the bottom of Langdon Cliffs, Dover, on Sunday 1 January.
"Kent Police was called to the location at 2.27pm and the body of a man was subsequently discovered at the bottom of the cliffs by the coastguard.
(Photo: Twitter / @Kent_999s)
"During the search the coastguard also discovered the bodies of a second man and a woman.
"Officers are appealing for anyone who saw a man and woman in their 60s in dark-coloured wet weather clothing at the top of the cliffs in the period between Boxing Day and New Year's Day to contact Kent Police on 101 quoting reference number 01-0980."
Speaking about the incident, Dover RNLI press officer Ed Baker said: "It is situated within the port within one of the harbour arms."
Other emergency services, including police and paramedics, were also at the scene yesterday.
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” he said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” he said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, he added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” he said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, she said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
Already facing rape and criminal sex act charges and a potential 25-years behind bars, Harvey Weinstein today was hit with even heavier legal weight from the Manhattan D.A. - that could see him in jail for life."A Manhattan Grand Jury has now indicted Harvey Weinstein on some of the most serious sexual offenses that exist under New York's Penal Law," said District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. today. "This indictment is the result of the extraordinary courage exhibited by the survivors who have come forward. Our investigation continues. If you are a survivor of the predatory abuse with which Mr. Weinstein is charged, there is still time to pursue justice. Please call us at 212-335-9373."Today's announcement marks an additional count of Criminal Sexual Act in the First Degree for a forcible sexual act against a third woman that allegedly occurred in 2006. Joining the two women identified in the previous indictment in late May, the new indictment also includes two counts of Predatory Sexual Assault.The class A-11 felony predatory charge looms with a potential life or at least 10-25 years in prison for the disgraced producer.The new criminal sex act charge could result in an additional decade in prison for the Oscar winning Weinstein if found guilty. Weinstein plead not guilty to the previous grand jury indictment back on June 5 and is expected to do so in this latest move by the once strongly criticized Vance's office.With no new court date set today, the out on $1 million and limited movement Weinstein is scheduled to make his next arraignment appearance before an NYC judge on July 9 on the superseding indictment. Previously, the producer was supposed to be back in court in September as the matter moves towards trial."Mr Weinstein will enter a plea of Not Guilty to the new charges," said Weinstein's lawyer Ben Brafman today. "Mr Weinstein maintains that all of these allegations are false and he expects to be fully vindicated. Furthermore to charge Mr Weinstein as a Predator when the interactions were each consensual is simply not justified.", which sent a trio of cases to the L.A. County D.A. on February 8. Asthe Beverly Hills Police passed two cases of sexual assault that they say occurred in their jurisdiction to Jackie Lacey's office on January 2 There arewho have gone public with allegations of sexual assault and more by the Oscar winning producer.
If you like your anti-heroes dark and profane, than I've got some great news for you: Todd McFarlane's upcoming Spawn reboot will be just that. At this year's New York Comic Con, Spawn creator and director gave an update on the Image comics based character's reboot film.
New Details On The Reboot
Speaking at #NYCC, the creator behind the hugely successful comic books said:
"It's going to be dark, I will have a shark in black water and if you're swimming he will come and you'll be gone and he will f*** you up."
The film's dark tone makes perfect sense given that #Spawn is one hell of a dark story. The comic revolves around Albert "Al" Francis Simmons who, upon being murdered, sells his soul to a demon Malebolgia (one of the many rulers of the Hell) in order to see his wife again. Malebolgia, though, has other things in mind for Al and sends him back to earth with no memory as a Hellspawn, one of his soldiers, to do his bidding.
The 1997 film 'Spawn'. [Credit: New Line Cinema]
The comic was previously been adapted to the big screen back in 1997, with Micheal J White playing the titular role. The movie got a modest take at the box office, but was largely panned by the critics. This time though, creator McFarlane plans to keep the adaptation in his hands, saying:
"I didn't use to draw comic books and I drew comic books and I won awards. I don't know how to read music and I have a Grammy Award. I'm spending my own money so who cares if it doesn't work out. It's a $10 million budget movie, and (a studio) would just get a 22-year-old punk director. I just want to be the old punk directing it."
The director also said that despite the supernatural premise, the plot would nonetheless be be grounded. He also gave an update on the production for the film, saying that Spawn would go into pre-production after Christmas for a February production start.
A Harder R Than 'Deadpool'
Deadpool may have met his match in 'Spawn'. [Credit: Fox]
McFarlane also isn't concerned with finding the right studio for Spawn, saying that the only things he needed from a studio was good marketing and distribution. And since he's the one holding the reins for this project, he promises to keep his fans updated via Facebook about the progress of the film. The director also compared his $10 million dollar movie to Deadpool, saying that his film would go beyond the few cuss words and nudity scenes that were in the Fox blockbuster. And while it's great to see that McFarlane is so confident about the upcoming movie, it does seem strange that the director and writer seems so intent on going "dark, R-rated" and beating Tim Miller's Deadpool in terms of its adult vibe.
The secret of Deadpool's success was that the film captured the essence of the badass, slightly psychotic, and fun character. It's weird that instead of focusing on the #horror and supernatural elements of Spawn, or the strength of the protagonist's character, McFarlane seems intent on bringing us the darkest superhero film to date. Deadpool was amazing simply because it stayed true to itself, and so far McFarlane's comments seem to suggest that the Spawn film may not, which is particularly troublesome to fans of this demonic anti-hero.
Hopefully, once the Facebook updates McFarlane has promised start coming in, we can have a better idea of what the director's approach really is.
Are you excited about Spawn? Comment and tell me below.
(Source: Deadline)
Portland police arrested 14 people downtown Wednesday after protesters blocked traffic.
The small group of people stood in the street near Pioneer Courthouse Square around 3:30 p.m., blocking several cars, buses and a MAX train during the evening commute.
Some drivers got out of their vehicles to argue with the protesters — who earlier in the day took their complaints over policing and homelessness to City Hall, where they interrupted a city council meeting.
Demonstrators pressed Mayor Ted Wheeler to talk about homelessness and police use of force, repeatedly interrupting council proceedings.
They carried a tiny coffin to symbolize a stillborn infant found with his homeless mother at a bus stop this month.
Wheeler spoke with the protesters after the session.
After the arrests took place near Pioneer Courthouse Square, several protesters broke off from the group and briefly blocked traffic across the Steel Bridge and in the Rose Quarter.
Updates
This article was published Jan. 25, 2017, at 4:50 p.m.
Updated Jan. 26, 2017, at 6:40 a.m. with new arrest numbers.
SHENZHEN, China, Feb. 2, 2018 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Industry leader Wondershare Technology specializes in providing software to streamline and bring simplicity to today's busy world. Today it announced the launch of its revolutionary new data recovery software, Recoverit.
Global experts in application software development, Wondershare has research and development centers across the globe including China, Japan and Vancouver and its investors include prestigious companies such as Sino-Wisdom and IDG.
With users in over 150 countries worldwide, Wondershare is a key member of the National Planning Software Enterprises of China and offers full multi-language, live support.
Reliable data recovery for business:
Wondershare's launch of Recoverit signifies a new high in professional data recovery. With over five million users across 120 countries, the Recoverit data recovery program is a fast and reliable data recovery solution which can retrieve any lost data from any device.
Using an advanced algorithm, the recently updated version of Recoverit has an unparalleled speed and success rate which has earned it a place in the Top 10 Best Data Recovery Software list in 2017 on TopTenReview.
The name was chosen from over 10,000 entries from Wondershare users in an online competition which netted the winner a brand new iPhone 8.
Suitable for PC, Mac, iOS and Android devices, Recoverit is user friendly and straightforward with just three easy steps:
Select recovery mode
Scan device / computer
Preview, recover and save files.
Files that can be retrieved with Recoverit include documents, emails, photographs, video footage, audio files and much more and includes data lost through accidental deletion, unexpected power outtages, virus damage, hard disk crashes and even factory re-sets or powerwashes.
Suitable for both the home and the office, Recoverit is the new face of quick, simple and affordable data recovery.
Lost it? Recoverit!
Statistics show that 96 percent of all business workstations are either not backed up at all or not backed up correctly – an alarming number considering that, of businesses which suffer major data losses, 43 percent do not recommence trading and, 51 percent go out of business completely within two years. (Source: National Archives & Records Administration).
In a 2017 survey, 31 percent of users within a small survey section reported suffering a major and un-saved data loss which affected their own job and the performance of the business. With these statistics in mind, it's easy to see just how vital a reliable and efficient data recovery service is to your business.
“Wondershare Recoverit is a good option when you've lost important files and want to get back as much as possible. It offers a good set of tools for finding files, and its scans run smoothly and efficiently,” said a Yahoo Tech.
Efficient, powerful and professional, powerful scan functions helps you to easily trace and identify every byte on your storage device and, the advanced file-recovery algorithm enables the retrieval of deleted, formatted or even damaged files within minutes. Using Recoverit's data recovery software is a much more cost effective and convenient method than calling out expensive and time-poor data recovery companies whose hourly rates are often out of proportion to the service provided.
A new brand, more new functions!
The new version of Recoverit is the most powerful data recovery software yet in terms for the speed and efficiency of recovery. Using an advanced algorithm to ensure consistently high data recovery rates, Recoverit retrieves data from any device, even under the most extreme conditions. It has been divided into two versions according to different operating platforms, data recovery for windows and data recovery for Mac.
For more information on Recoverit, visit: https://recoverit.wondershare.com
Data recovery for Windows: https://recoverit.wondershare.com/data-recovery.html
Data Recovery for Mac: https://recoverit.wondershare.com/data-recovery-mac.html
For press enquiries contact:
Email: [email protected]
Tel: +86-755-8666-5000
Add: 10th floor, 5D, Shenzhen Software Industrial Base, Haitian 2nd Rd, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, P.R.China 518057
VIDEO (YouTube): https://youtu.be/bX9EI2jOl_A
News Source: Wondershare Inc.
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/wondershares-recoverit-gets-data-back-on-track/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
Mumbai: Ritesh Jain, former chief investment officer (CIO) at Tata Asset Management Co., will join BNP Paribas Mutual Fund as CIO on Thursday, a person close to the development said.
Jain had quit Tata Asset Management in December. He was replaced by Gopal Agrawal, previously CIO of Mirae Asset.
When contacted, Jain declined to comment, while a BNP Paribas Mutual Fund spokesperson could not be reached for a comment.
Jain had joined Tata Asset Management in May 2013 from Canara Robeco Asset Management Co., where he was the CIO as well, and had worked for more than five years.
He holds a masters in business economics, and in one of his previous assignments, was the head of fixed income at Kotak Asset Management Co., according to his profile on professional networking site LinkedIn.
Going into the 2017-2018 basketball season, the women's basketball program was certainly on the up and up. The Conference USA preseason poll reflected as much, projecting the Mean Green to finish eighth in the conference after finishing ninth in 2016-2017.
Sure, it is just a modest one spot jump, but the Mean Green went on to record their first winning season since 2005-2006 and put the conference on notice of the rising program in Denton.
In November, when the season tipped off against Texas Woman's University, the Mean Green ran off three straight wins and won seven of eight games to start the new year.
Unfortunately, they were unable to sustain the breakneck pace and struggled in Conference USA play, going 6-10 by the end of it.
The Mean Green were an exceptional home team, though, feeding off the growing crowds at The Super Pit. Before losing their last two games of the year, North Texas was 9-4 on their home court. The core pieces of stable coaching and a good home record are in place to help the program continue to grow.
“We played, throughout the season, where people want to come watch us play and see what we can do,” head coach Jalie Mitchell said after the regular season finale. “That's how you want to be at home. You have to win more than you lose and play fun, exciting basketball.”
Two Mean Green stars took home All-Conference awards this year. The first being junior Terriell Bradley who was named to the Conference USA All-Conference First Team.
As the leading scorer for North Texas at 18.6 points per game, Bradley's average was third in the conference. Her 148 free throws was second in C-USA and 83 percent from the line was third.
On Feb. 8 at Florida International University, Bradley scored a career-high 32 points and made a program-record nine 3-pointers on just 10 attempts. Twice named the C-USA Player of the Week, she scored her thousandth point in 2018 and her total of 527 points this season ranks as fourth-most in program history.
Freshman Lauren Holmes earned First Team honors herself, named to the C-USA All-Freshman Team. In her first season with the Mean Green, Holmes was the team's second-leading scorer with 8.9 points per game. She also finished third in the entire conference with 2.1 steals per game.
North Texas possessed the best defensive unit of any team in the conference this season. Allowing just 55.7 points per game, the best clip in Conference USA.
As great as the start to the season was, the finish is what will be remembered from this team.
It has not been since Mitchell was a player herself, in 2002, that North Texas won a pair of games in a conference tournament.
Not reflected by their number 11 seed heading into the tournament, there was a strong belief in the locker room that something special could happen.
“A lot of people didn't think we would get this far, but we knew ourselves that we could,” Holmes said.
At the Conference USA tournament, North Texas took down the sixth seeded University of North Carolina at Charlotte in the first round, and then overcame the tall task of facing off against one of C-USA's top teams. The Mean Green used a hot start and a brilliant free throw performance to upset third seeded Louisiana Tech.
In the semifinals, second seeded Western Kentucky proved the toughest match yet and ended the Mean Green's Cinderella run. Nevertheless, getting this far signaled a turning point for the school.
“Every single player in that locker room are players that we recruited, players we brought in and players we believed in that could get us to this point,” Mitchell said after the season's conclusion. “We have the right people in place from staff to players, and I think we're going to continue to movie forward.”
Featured image: North Texas junior guard Terriell Bradley (23) drives to the basket and scores, while being guarded by Louisiana Tech junior forward Reauna Cleaver (23) at the Ford Center at The Star, Thursday March 8, 2018, in Frisco, Texas. Jeff Woo/DRC
Winnipeg lost veteran forward Matt Hendricks to an upper-body injury early in the first. Coach Paul Maurice said later it didn't look significant.
"In that we lost Matt so early and you get to a shorter bench and a kind of grinding game, we handled it pretty darn well," Maurice said.
The Jets had three shots hit the post in the scoreless second period, while the Avalanche had a 2-on-0 while shorthanded. Matt Nieto and Gabriel Bourque went in alone on Hellebuyck, but Bourque's high shot missed the net.
Hellebuyck had his tongue planted firmly in his cheek when asked about the duo bearing down on him.
"I think I might have intimidated (Bourque) a little bit," he said with a grin.
Nieto described Hellebuyck as a big goalie who takes up a lot of the net.
"If he sees the puck he's going to save it," Nieto said. "We just had to get guys in front of him and get more second and third chances."
Bednar said his players looked good for the first half of the game.
"I thought the final 30 minutes of the game our execution was poor," he said. "We were passing into skates and turning the puck over and that led to them creating a bunch of good scoring chances in the second period. Eventually they took over the game."
The Avalanche had a power play with 4:43 left in the third when Jets centre Bryan Little was called for hooking, but Hellebuyck made a couple of stops, a few shots were blocked and Ehlers scored into the empty net with 18 seconds left.
Winnipeg hosts Arizona on Tuesday. Colorado heads home to take on San Jose the same day.
By Judy Owen, The Canadian Press
By The Associated Press
PARIS (AP) — French baby-milk maker Lactalis has ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The company, one of the largest dairy products group in the world, says it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1.
Spokesman company Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the “precautionary” recall both in France and abroad affects “several million” products made since mid-February. The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site.
Lactalis employs 75,000 employees in 85 countries, with a turnover of 17 billion euros ($20 billion.)
Advertisement
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhea and fever.
Cody Shearer has been associated with Hillary Clinton since 1992.A Clinton family operative succeeded in getting federal agents to review his own "Trump-Russia" dossier, which implicates the president on a number of unproven charges.The Guardian reported Tuesday that Cody Shearer provided a second dossier to the FBI in October 2016 and that it was shared with multiple media outlets prior to the election. The FBI is currently assessing the Shearer dossier, according to the report. This revelation came as a shock to even Vox.com, which admitted that Shearer has no real "experience in intelligence."In its report, The Guardian attempts to disconnect Shearer from Hillary Clinton, labeling him a "journalist" and claiming that "there is no evidence that the Clinton campaign was aware of the Shearer memo."But plenty of open-source evidence exists to substantiate that Clinton and Shearer are very closely connected.For years, Shearer acted as something resembling an unaccountable private intelligence operative for Clinton while she was serving as secretary of state. Working in tandem with Clinton hatchet man Sidney Blumenthal, Shearer met with Libyan nationals to gather evidence on the latest happenings inside the country, emails leaked to WikiLeaks reveal.Hillary Clinton has directly referenced "Cody" before. In a March 2011 email to Blumenthal, Clinton congratulated Shearer for his efforts on the Libya front. "Good for Cody! I'll follow up," the former secretary of state wrote from her private email address.Clinton's, Blumenthal's, and Shearer's carefully crafted plans for Libya did not work out as intended. Her insistence on toppling Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi led to region-wide destabilization. One year after Gadhafi was overthrown, Islamist radicals stormed two American facilities in Benghazi, Libya, killing U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Foreign Service Officer Sean Smith , and CIA contractors Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty. Libya has become a " lawless " state and a hotbed for Islamist terror groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda.Shearer's connections to Clinton go far beyond his stint as one of her private intelligence operatives. The left-leaning ProPublica, which describes him as a "longtime Clinton family operative," has documented his decades of service for the Clinton familyProPublica reports thatShearer has in the past run into inquiries about his ethical conduct. In 1998, he was the subject of a State Department Inspector General probe after he conducted informal negotiations that " caused temporary diplomatic damage in Bosnia." Shearer "may have represented himself as speaking on behalf of the U.S. Department of State," when he was not authorized to do so, the inspector general inquiry said., the Washington Examiner reported in its piece on the inspector general probe.Not one, but two Trump-Russia dossiersThe Clinton campaign paid for the research that led to the first dossier. And now we've learned that a second dossier was compiled by her trusted aide. We still don't know for sure whether these dossiers were used to enact surveillance against the Trump campaign. However, that question might be cleared up this week, with the expected release of a congressional memo that documents the Obama administration's alleged surveillance abuses.
Dad jokes are the best, but trying not to laugh at them is even better!
Watch the Eh Bee Family play a “Dad Joke Edition” of the Try Not to Laugh Challenge. Great game to play with the family while school's out!
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores2 <
SOUTH
Duke 101, Winthrop 30<
Florida 72, Marshall 69<
Florida Gulf Coast 99, Ave Maria 35<
Florida St. 77, Arizona St. 66<
Georgia St. 91, North Greenville 89<
Georgia Tech 80, Texas-Arlington 52<
Jacksonville 79, Flagler 52<
King (Tenn.) 92, Converse 83<
Maryville (Tenn.) 77, Huntingdon 53<
Mercer 67, UNC Asheville 56<
Miami 65, Kentucky 54<
NC State 63, Georgetown 49<
North Carolina 84, Furman 56<
North Florida 77, Florida A&M 68<
Radford 79, VCU 62<
UCF 62, Georgia Southern 38<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
General News of Wednesday, 25 April 2018
Source: ghananewsagency.org
Supreme Court
The Supreme Court has slated June 7 to deliver its ruling in the case in which former board Chairman of the National Communications Authority (NCA), Eugene Baffoe-Bonnie and four others who are allegedly being held in a $4 million scandal.
Baffoe-Bonnie and his four accomplices are before the apex court of the land to seek interpretation of Article 19 Clause (2) (e) and (g) of the 1992 Constitution.
Article 19 Clause 2 (E) of the 1992 Constitution provides that accused persons must be given ‘adequate time and facilities for the preparation of their defence which is within their fundamental human right'.
Defence counsels for the accused have held that the state must provide them with all documents, including those they do not even intend to tender.
The High Court hearing the case therefore stayed proceedings so that accused could seek interpretation at the Supreme Court.
The seven member panel gave the date after the accused through their lawyers have filed their respective statements of case.
When sitting resumed, defence counsels indicated that they would rely on the respective statements of case.
Mr Godfred Yeboah Dame, Deputy Attorney General indicated that they received the accused statements of case and would have to respond to each one.
Justice William Atugubah presided over the matter together with Justices Julius Ansah, Sophia Adinyira, Jones Dotse, Gabriel Pwamang, Sule Gbadegbe and Yaw Apau.
An Accra High Court, presided over by Justice Eric Kyei Barfour on February 1, this year, stayed proceedings in the trial of former top officials of the NCA, who have been accused of willfully causing financial loss to the state and fraud.
They are Eugene Baffoe Bonnie, former Board Chairman of NCA, William Mathew Tetteh Tevie, former Director General; Nana Owusu Ensaw, a former chairman of finance sub-committee of the NCA; Alhaji Salifu Mimina Osman, a former Deputy National Security Coordinator on the NCA Board, as well as a private businessman, George Derek Oppong, Director of Infralocks Development Limited (IDL).
Godwin Tamakloe and Osafo Buaben, lawyers for Alhaji Mimina Osman and George Derek Oppong, respectively prayed the court to compel the Attorney General to furnish their clients with documents they intend to rely on for the trial pursuant to the Article.
According to Mr Tamakloe, Article 19 Clause 2 (E) of the 1992 Constitution provides that an accused must be given ‘adequate time and facilities for the preparation of their defence which is within their fundamental human rights.
The state, represented by Mrs Evelyn Keelson a Chief State Attorney, strongly opposed the motion, arguing that the Article was being wrongly quoted and that it is only the Supreme Court that has the power to interpret the Articles in the Constitution, if the need arises.
She said there are no rules that compel the state to supply accused with list of witnesses and witness statements three days before they are to be tendered in court.
Justice Eric Kyei Barfour, in his ruling on the matter, held that if the court grants the prayer of the defence lawyers for the state to furnish the accused with documents three days before they are tendered, it would be prejudicial and subsequently dismissed it for lack of merit.
He held that High Court did not have the power to interpret the said Article hence stayed proceedings and referred them to the apex court of the land.
The Supreme Court is to determine whether the accused are entitled to disclosure and at what point should the prosecution furnish the accused with documents
The court is also to determine whether in a summary trial, an accused person is entitled to the list of witnesses and witness investigation statements, as well as documents in possession of the prosecution even if they would not be tendered.
Indian Army posts are retaliating strongly and effectively as Pakistan Army violated ceasefire thrice along the line of control (LoC). Photo: AFP
Jammu: Two Pakistani soldiers were killed in fierce retaliation by Indian troops as Pakistan Army on Wednesday violated ceasefire thrice along the line of control (LoC) in two sectors in Rajouri and Poonch districts of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Pakistan Army resorted to shelling of mortar bombs and firing of small arms and automatic weapons on forward posts and civilians areas in the region. There have been 10 ceasefire violations in past four days and total 14 ceasefire violations along the LoC and the International Border in Jammu region since 1 January, in which one civilian died and seven others were injured.
In escalated terror violence in Kashmir, militants engineered seven grenade attacks and firing incidents in the Valley on Tuesday in which 14 policemen were injured and four rifles snatched by militants from the.
Indian troops gave a strong retaliation in which 2 Pakistani soldiers were killed opposite to Bhimbher Gali sector on Wednesday, defence sources said. “Pakistan Army initiated indiscriminate firing of mortars, small arms, automatics RPG, Recoilless Rifles from 6.40pm hours in Naushera sector along the LoC in Rajouri district today,” defence spokesman Lt. Col. Manish Mehta said.
Before this third ceasefire violation in the day, the Pakistan Army initiated indiscriminate firing of small arms, automatics RPG, Recoilless Rifles from 9.30am in Naushera sector along the LoC in Rajouri district on Wednesday, he said.
Indian Army posts are retaliating strongly and effectively and firing is presently on, he said. Earlier, Pakistan carried out indiscriminate firing from 5.00am hours to 5.45am in Bhimbher Gali sector in Poonch along the LoC, he added. There were 3 ceasefire violation on 12 June.
/
Here's how to get through the low points of building a business.
April 24, 2018 2 min read
A Note From The Editor Think your company has what it takes to make our Top Company Cultures list? Apply now. Apply now »
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
As the solo founder of Pearachute, CEO Desiree Vargas Wrigley has faced several challenges throughout her career, including the highs and lows of entrepreneurship. Pearachute is a monthly membership club that makes it easy for parents and caregivers to discover, book and drop into the best kid classes in town, all at the touch of a button.
According to Thought Leaders, LLC, ensuring public appreciation of your employees' efforts and offering new opportunities for advancement are great ways to celebrate success with your team. Although celebrating success is important, properly leading your team through hard times is just as important.
Deconstructing each aspect of the issue and encouraging risk-taking are great ways to effectively work through the lows of entrepreneurship. Find out more about how Desiree Vargas Wrigley keeps a great balance as she leads her company.
Watch more videos from BizCast on its YouTube channel here.
Related: CEO Gary Conkright: Utilizing Artificial Intelligence To Help Save Lives
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical. Watch video from our network partners on demand on Amazon Fire, Roku, Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices.
Click here to become a part of this growing video network.
Photo courtesy of World IA Day 2017.
BY KATHERINE BAUER
Homeless youth become victims of human trafficking more often than other young people, and often times, no one even notices.
The winter months are hopefully coming to an end in the Hawkeye State. Many people, in a spirit of generosity, gathered up canned foods and blankets to donate to local homeless shelters throughout the winter months. But officials with Youth and Shelter Services (YSS) say homeless people, especially homeless youth, are vulnerable to more than just the elements.
Mike Ferjak, executive consultant for human trafficking at YSS, said one in three young people are approached for commercial sexual activity, or approached by human traffickers, within 72 hours of becoming homeless. It takes even less time during the brutal winter months.
“These traffickers are very good at picking out people with vulnerabilities,” Ferjak said. “Vulnerabilities aren't always obvious, but how hard is it to pick-up on this kid who's walking around with a sweater, jacket and a coat, everything they have they're wearing because they can't carry it? They're hanging out under the bridge. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out these kids are without support.”
Young people who become victims of human trafficking find themselves in extremely difficult situations. The Iowa Office of the Attorney General defines it as a “modern-day form of slavery.” Victims are forced into prostitution and/or forced to work for little to no pay. Human trafficking is a felony under Iowa law, and minors who are prostituted or trafficked are considered victims in Iowa.
“The experience is one of being broken down to your lowest point,” said Ferjak, who used to combat human trafficking with the attorney general's office. “Everything will be taken from you. Your dignity will be taken from you.”
Becoming Homeless
Elizabeth Patten, the youth opportunity center program coordinator with YSS in Des Moines, said young people can become homeless for a number of reasons.
“Each youth has their very unique story,” Patten said. “A lot of it starts from family dynamics.”
Patten said young people may choose to leave an unhealthy home life, one with drugs, alcoholism and/or abuse, and have nowhere to turn. Other times, they are kicked out for their behavior or because someone in the household simply doesn't want them there anymore. Sometimes a family cannot afford for a young person to stay with them anymore, and once he or she turns 18, they have to leave. Sometimes the whole family is actually homeless, leaving young children vulnerable.
“They just have that lack of social support system to keep them from being on the street,” Patten said. “It's definitely not the stereotypical, homeless runaway youth sort of thing, who are just angsty, they just want to leave, they want their own rules. That's not this youth. It's very hard to live this life, so it's not by choice for sure.”
The Institute for Community Alliances conducts an annual point-in-time count, where the Des Moines non-profit counts the number of homeless people on a given night. In January 2017, the organization found almost 40 homeless youth in Des Moines. Some had found shelter for the night in transitional housing, safe havens or emergency shelters while others were still vulnerable on the streets.
Ferjak said homeless youth might avoid shelters for a number of reasons.
“(People tell young people that) only ‘those' people go in shelters,” he explained. “They hear about the nightmares, the sexual assault that happens in shelters, the terrible conditions in shelters. It's not going to be their first stop. To a more educated, mature person, that would be our first stop. But the world looks very different when you're a young person who's had everything taken away from them.”
Ferjak said human traffickers will sometimes pose as shelter workers to get victims to come with them.
“It's a common ploy. You see it a lot,” he said, “from saying they work for places like YSS to (saying), ‘I'm a police officer.' The kid is really not in a place to be asking a lot of questions because they're cold, it's freezing, it's the middle of winter and you're on the street. And what you're being offered is a warm place and something to eat. But what they don't tell you is, once you get there, is you're going to have sex with someone so they can make some money.”
Patten said if they don't head to a shelter or a bed isn't available, homeless youth are left to the streets.
“If they don't feel comfortable at the shelter and they don't want to camp, they walk the street at night,” Patten said. “That leaves them vulnerable to a lot of different people or crimes since they're more likely to get robbed or assaulted. They get different crimes for trespassing or loitering. And of course, human trafficking. That is a reality. If you're on the streets, you're vulnerable to that as well.”
Traffickers offer security, money and shelter to get someone to come with them.
“The people who are trafficking are really good at making you feel like you can trust them,” Patten said. “They're very manipulative. They might be very charming. They might compliment you … reel you in slowly.”
Imprisoned without chains
Ferjak said once someone is trafficked, it becomes increasingly difficult to leave. Traffickers use multiple tactics besides physical restraint to force victims to stay and obey.
“You don't have to keep them chained to a wall,” Ferjak said. “You don't have to keep them tied up. They're too scared to go and do anything on their own because you've proven you're a person of your word. If they break a rule, they get beaten.”
An emotional bond can form between victims and their traffickers: a trauma bond. Traffickers create an environment where the victim is completely dependent on them for everything. When a family is trafficking someone, a victim won't want to turn on the family members taking care of them.
“(The victim is) not going to tell anyone because they love this person,” Ferjak said, “and they don't see the fact that they're being turned out and sexually assaulted. (They don't) register it the same way it would with other people.”
Patten said people who are trafficked feel they have to find a way to cope in order to survive.
“Sometimes you have to tell yourself that it's not that bad, just as a protective measure,” she said. “It's giving them maybe financial stability they maybe wouldn't have. It's giving them a place to stay. They might feel valued because people are spending time with them even if it is in a negative way. It could be fear.”
Patten said she's met several young people in her work who have been or are currently being trafficked.
“When they're put in these places where they are so vulnerable, they do have to decide if they're going to exchange sex for a place to stay,” Patten said. “We just really try to do our best to be understanding and nonjudgmental in connecting them to resources.
“We've had people, of course, who, they'll tell us what's happening but they don't want assistance. Some people want more hands-on, so connecting them with mental health resources or helping them with finding stable jobs, housing.”
Trafficked in Plain Sight
Ferjak explained that often times people don't realize someone is being trafficked because they haven't gone missing. He said this occurs most commonly with family controlled trafficking, where a family sells the services of a young person. Sometimes the family is related to the victim but not always.
“We have seen a significant amount of (family-controlled human trafficking) in Iowa,” Ferjak said. “It's one of the reasons people don't believe it's here because nobody's missing… ‘Are they in school?' Yeah, they're in school. ‘Are they visible?' Yeah, they're visible. So, nobody's missing. But nonetheless they're being trafficked.”
And the signs that someone is being trafficked are not obvious if not non-existent. Ferjak explained that victims of human trafficking can be depressed because of their situation, but not everyone will realize the cause of the depression. He also said victims are taught to answer questions about where they're staying or where they get their income to avoid being caught.
“It would (be) great if they did have a barcode on their foreheads because that would make it easier,” Ferjak said. “But visible, outward signs? No.”
Intervention and Prevention
That's why groups like Teens Against Human Trafficking are vital. The program is in several Iowa high schools, and teens are taught about human trafficking and how to talk to other high school and middle school students about the crime. From October 2016 to June 2017, the program has helped 185 exploited children and teens come forward after listening to presenters.
“We've had that happen when those teens have gone into those schools,” Ferjak said. “They're what I call miracles because you're there at the right time, with the right person, with the right message. It hits, it clicks and they disclose.”
Patten said affordable housing could help prevent and end the human trafficking of homeless youth. With more options, shelters would be able to more quickly move people out of the shelters into stable housing, then new people could come in and take their place.
“We don't want people to sit in emergency shelters,” Patten said. “It's not set up that way. That's why we're not getting the movement in the emergency shelter because there's a lack of places for them to move to. It's a really hard cycle to end when you don't have affordable housing options.”
There are a number of resources in the Des Moines area for homeless youth and survivors of human trafficking. YSS has nine emergency beds for homeless youth to sleep in. They also have a drop-in center where young people can shower, do homework and use the internet.
The Latest: Williams sisters win in return to Slam doubles
The Latest: Williams sisters win in return to Slam doubles
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018, 20:56 IST 41 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
PARIS (AP) — The Latest from the French Open (all times local):
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometer) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon has a sound vision for the future of his hometown, Hazleton. (Associated Press File)
Change is a constant in Major League Baseball. So, Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon is accustomed not only to change but to rolling with it to make it work for the common good.
The Hazleton native took some high heat recently from some folks back home for suggesting, rightly, that his hometown also will have to adapt creatively to change if it is to prosper.
Due to U.S. Rep. and former Hazleton Mayor Lou Barletta's largely ham-handed crusade against illegal immigration, Hazleton has been a flashpoint of the issue. Barletta's ill-fated effort to stop the clock through draconian local ordinances, which attempted to supersede U.S. immigration law, left the city only with legal bills and increased hard feelings.
Maddon's efforts to ease those tensions in Hazleton recently were the subject of an NBC news segment. Asked about why he had reached out to the burgeoning Hispanic community, Maddon said: “Because they're going to save our town. You have two options right here: Either you get on board and help us or you're going to die. And when you die and go away, you're going to get out of the way, you're not going to be part of the problem anymore. So it's either help or die.”
Demographics always has been destiny. The challenge of the profound change in Hazleton and many other areas is not to arrest that change; it cannot be done. The challenge is to harness the energy inherent in the demographic shift to build greater prosperity for everyone.
That is what Maddon has attempted to press in Hazleton. He deserves credit for remembering Hazleton as it was, but even more so for having a sound vision for its future.
EPL 2016/17: SK Turning point – 7 moments / performances from gameweek 25
Seven pivotal and/or game-changing instances and performances from the weekend's fixtures
@mayamahadevan by Maya Mahadevan Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 10:18 IST
Kieran Gibbs should have seen red for his foul on Lazar Markovic
Arsenal returned to winning ways courtesy of some ‘handy' refereeing and performances, beating an effervescent Hull City by two goals. Liverpool, on the other hand, saw off Tottenham Hotspur in a fairly one-sided game, while Manchester United and Southampton convincingly beat Watford and Sunderland respectively.
West Ham United shared points in a feisty encounter with West Brom while Burnley held table-toppers Chelsea to a stalemate at the Turf Moor. Stoke beat a tepid Crystal Palace side with a Joe Allen goal proving to be the differentiator as a resolute Middlesbrough held Everton to a goalless draw at the Riverside.
Defending champions Leicester, though, slumped to another defeat at the Liberty Stadium as Swansea City consolidated their position and chances of survival. Manchester City proved to be too strong on the offensive for a tame Bournemouth defence on Monday night.
In this article, we take a look at the best / worst performances, along with players and moments that proved to be turning points in their games.
#1 Best goal: Robbie Brady
Match: Burnley vs. Chelsea
Robbie Brady celebrates scoring Burnley's equaliser against Chelsea
Robbie Brady became the Clarets' record signing in the January transfer window and wasted no time in scoring his first goal for the club on debut with one of the most spectacular free kicks taken in recent memory.
Nemanja Matic had given away a free-kick while trying to deal with the impressive Joey Barton and Burnley had a set piece opportunity from a position of promise. Step up debutante Brady!
The Irishman thundered a left-footed shot that nestled in the top corner, well away from the reach of Thibaut Courtois, earning Sean Dyche's men a deserved point at the Turf Moor.
If there is a way to endear yourself to a new manager, teammates and fans, scoring against potential title winners to snatch a point must surely be one way of doing it.
Honourable mentions: Alfie Mawson (vs. Leicester City), Manuel Lanzini (vs. West Bromwich Albion), Sadio Mane (first goal vs. Tottenham Hotspur)
.@SloaneStephens eases into the third round at @rolandgarros!
Bests Frech 6-2, 6-2 --> https://t.co/FSeE5UFbcz pic.twitter.com/nQRwwSDrMp
HALIFAX—A municipal committee is recommending Halifax regional council commit to $300,000 in funding as part of a bid to bring the 2020 International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) World Women's tournament to the municipality. Hockey Canada has secured the tournament, which is tentatively scheduled for seven days in late March or early April 2020, and it will decide in September exactly where in the country the event will happen.
Team Canada forward Caroline Goyette celebrates her first period goal past Team China goalie Hong Guo at the 2004 IIHF World Women's Hockey Championships in Halifax, Nova Scotia, March 30, 2004. Halifax is hoping to host the tournament again in 2020. ( ANDREW WALLACE / REUTERS )
Hockey Nova Scotia is submitting a bid on Friday to host the tournament between Halifax, the Town of Truro and the Municipality of Colchester. Halifax has already been shortlisted, but the municipality doesn't know which other cities have thrown their helmets in the ring due to the confidentiality of the process. Halifax has hosted the tournament before, back in 2004, and it provided $100,000 in funding and saw 94,000 people attend. For this bid, staff had recommended $250,000 in funding to council's Special Events Advisory Committee, which met Wednesday morning. That funding would have matched what the province has committed to, along with $100,000 combined from Truro and Colchester to make up $600,000 in total government funding.
Article Continued Below
Committee member Jeff Ransome of the Hotel Association of Nova Scotia put forward an amendment, which passed, to up the funding to $300,000 after municipal civic events coordinator Paul Forrest told the committee that increasing the request would “show very favourably on Halifax wanting the bid.” According to an economic impact analysis, the tournament is expected to bring more than $2.4 million to Halifax in total net economic activity, which staff said justifies funding in the range of $195,000 to $270,000. With a total budget of $3.5 million and ticket prices in the $25-range, staff said the tournament would bring in 82,000 people and it guarantees 500 room nights in Halifax hotels. But more important than the economic impact to many on the committee is the impact on girl's hockey in the province. “I want to stress that this is seen as a very important event to have for women's hockey,” municipal manager of culture and events Elizabeth Taylor told the committee.
Any profit made from the tournament also goes back to girl's hockey. If it were held in Halifax, that money would go to a legacy fund for Hockey Nova Scotia. Councillor Tony Mancini told reporters after the meeting that he chaired the sponsorship committees for the world junior tournament in 2003, the last women's tournament in 2004 and the men's tournament in 2008.
Article Continued Below
“World women's was a huge success when we had it here,” he said. “It was great to see young hockey players, young girls coming in, and the players at the time were great with the kids, involved with the community.” Mancini said the event would do well in Halifax again, and he thinks his fellow councillors will support the funding request. “I really want to support, and I think my colleagues support, that women's sport, and those young athletes seeing this level of hockey,” he said. The request for funding will go to regional council, likely later this month, for final approval. The money will only flow if Halifax secures the bid.
Read more about:
A Bit of Tax Planning Can Turn Lemons Into Lemonade by: Clint Siegner – Money Metals
The IRS classifies bullion coins and bars which carry zero collectible value the same way it categorizes a collection of baseball cards. Because of the IRS's dishonest interpretation of tax law, gold and silver bullion is currently subject to the higher 28% long-term capital gains rate for “collectibles.” By comparison, the rate for Wall Street and government approved assets – just about everything else – is 15-20%, depending upon the taxpayer's income.
Investors might as well use this punitive long-term capital gains rate to their advantage. Metal purchased more than a year ago at a higher price can be sold to unlock losses and reduce taxes. Individuals can claim up to $3,000 in losses against ordinary income, and more if they have capital gains on another asset. (Check with your own tax advisor.)
Now is certainly not a great time to exit the metals markets, in our opinion. Fortunately, realizing capital losses can be done without relinquishing a position in metals for more than a few seconds. Investors can immediately buy replacement metals without having the transaction classified as a wash sale (wash sale rules do NOT apply to precious metals – only to securities).
Taking losses now does lower the investor's cost basis going forward. The new basis becomes the price at which replacement metals are purchased. That could mean larger taxable capital gains down the road if they are sold at a profit. There are a couple of ways to address this…
The first is to transfer the metals to heirs as part of an estate. For investors with no plans to sell metals going forward, the gains may never be taxed. Profits which go unrealized before the owner dies are not subject to the IRS rake, provided the total value of the estate is below the cap. Currently, estates worth $5.49 million per individual or $10.98 million for a married couple will transfer to heirs tax free.
Heirs receive the bullion without liability and the cost basis is adjusted to whatever the value of the metal happens to be upon inheritance. Taxes will only be due on gains from that moment forward – and only when they are finally sold by the inheritor.
Likewise, any capital losses on metals will not be transferred to heirs. So it is good tax planning to realize any losses before the metals wind up in an estate.
The other way to address higher capital gains taxes associated with precious metals is to hold them inside a self-directed IRA. Metals investments held that way appreciate tax deferred.
One very effective tax strategy for those who have losses they can unlock is to sell metals they hold personally and use the proceeds to either start a self-directed precious metals IRA or contribute to an existing one. The investor gets to claim the losses AND take advantage of the deduction for contributions to a retirement plan on this year's tax return.
It is worth noting that the tax treatment of your non-retirement metals is the same regardless of whether you own the metal in physical form or as shares in one of the big gold and silver exchange traded funds (ETFs). These funds are organized as trusts and they get taxed as if the assets they hold – precious metals bars – were held directly by the ETF's shareholders.
That makes now a great time for investors to dump any paper gold and silver they may hold as ETF, and upgrade to physical bullion which offers zero-counter party risk.
If storing physical metals is a concern, Money Metals Depository can handle that for you starting for as little as $96 per year. MMD's storage rates for segregated storage are the absolute lowest available in the industry.
For less than one might pay in ETF management fees, investors can place their metals into fully segregated storage in our new high-security vault. Bullion that you purchase from Money Metals Exchange will be delivered into your storage account without the cost or delay associated with shipping.
Metals investors would rather be talking about higher prices and profits to be sure. But there are ways to turn the lemons the markets have handed out in recent years into lemonade.
Source Link – Money Metals
loading...
Sharing is caring!
A sampling of police reports from May 18 through May 29 in Gulfport.
Source: Gulfport Police Department.
Gulfport
5/18- Disturbance in the 5500 block of Shore Boulevard South. Officers were dispatched for a disturbance involving 2 people arguing. When officers arrived one of the participants said she felt as though the other individual had hit her vehicle. Officers were able to restore order and both people went their separate ways.
5/19- Disturbance at 5013 Gulfport Boulevard South. A customer at Save A Lot returned to the store claiming she had been given a counterfeit $5 and wanted it exchanged. When the manager told her that he would not exchange the bill, she caused a commotion and the manager requested that she receive a written trespass warning.
Disorderly conduct in the 3100 block of Beach Boulevard South. Officer responded to the area reference an intoxicated woman who was said to be in distress. The caller stated that the woman was nude and swimming in the water between Williams Pier and the Gulfport Casino Dock. Officers located the swimmer, who was intoxicated, but explained that she had lost her swimsuit in the water and refused to exit the water until she could be covered. After finding clothing for her, she was seen by fire rescue and taken home by friend.
Trouble with juvenile in the 5000 block of 12th Avenue South. Officers responded to a disagreement between a mother and daughter. The mother said her daughter is on house arrest and suspected a neighbor was bringing her cigarettes. The two were separated without incident.
Suicidal person in the 1000 block of 59th Street South. Officers were dispatched for a suicidal person that had already left the residence. The reporting party told the officers that a man made statements and also said that he was going to shoot officers who attempted to make contact with him. The man came back to the house a short time later and refused to cooperate with officers. He was taken into custody under the Baker Act without incident.
5/20- Criminal mischief in the 5600 block of 30th Avenue South. A resident reported that his girlfriend was intoxicated and angry at him, so she smashed the windows on his vehicle. He did not wish to press charges.
Burglary to a vehicle in the 2900 and 3000 blocks of Beach Boulevard South. Sometime overnight someone smashed the driver's side windows on seven vehicles stealing cash and other items from within. Benjamin Langkamp Jr. was arrested on 5/25 and charged with these offenses.
5/21- Dog at large in the 5000 block of 14th Avenue South. A resident reported a dog at large – the dog had apparently scratched the calling party's leg. The dog then approached officers aggressively, forcing Officer Clague to use his Taser. The Taser calmed the dog down and the owner was located through microchip identification. He was cited for dog at large. Animal Services has been notified of the injury.
Armed robbery in the 1200 block of 49th Street South. A man reported that while he was walking to work in the area indicated he was robbed at gunpoint. There is limited information available for follow up on this case.
Warrant arrest in the 5900 block of Gulfport Boulevard. Officers made contact with Shane Trauger due to a reported disturbance. While conducting a records check for Trauger it was discovered that he had two outstanding Writs of Bodily Attachment for non-payment of child support. He was taken into custody and transported PCJ.
Theft in the 1900 block of 49th Street South. An employee of a repair shop was terminated, but stole a set of keys to a customer's vehicle before he left the business. He then contacted the customer and told him he return the keys for $100.
5/23- Battery in the 5300 block of 21st Avenue South.
Officers were dispatched to an in progress fight. Two roommates were fighting; however, neither one of them wanted to prosecute nor did they sustain any injuries. They agreed to separate to cool off.
NATIONAL
CHIBA, Japan (Yonhap) -- North Korean women's football forward Kim Yun-mi is a team player if there ever was one.
Kim scored the match's only goal as North Korea defeated South Korea 1-0 on Monday at the East Asian Football Federation (EAFF) E-1 Football Championship at Soga Sports Park in Chiba, Japan.
North Korea's forward Kim Yun Mi (right) scores a goal past South Korea's goalkeeper Kim Jungmi (left) during the women's football match between North Korea and South Korea at the EAFF E-1 football championship in Chiba, Monday. Yonhap
It was North Korea's second straight victory and South Korea's second straight loss at the four-nation tournament, which also features Japan and China.Kim now has three goals and leads all scorers after two contests. She scored both North Korean goals in their 2-0 win over China last Friday.But the 24-year-old insisted she's only worried about her team."I just dedicate my whole body to helping the team win," Kim said, when asked by Yonhap News Agency if she had her sights set on winning the scoring title.Kim played up front alongside Sung Hyang-sim against South Korea. She broke the scoreless deadlock in the 18th minute after a dull start, deftly redirecting a Ri Hyang-sim cross with her head.North Korea improved their record against South Korea to 15 wins, three draws and one loss.Kim, who has been playing for her national team since 2014, said, "I know all the South Korean players."Kim and North Korea close out the tournament against Japan on Friday, also in Chiba, with their third straight East Asian title on the line.South Korea, meanwhile, have been eliminated from contention.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Horrifying footage shows giant flames engulf two girls at a birthday party when a candle on a cake accidentally ignited snow foam sprayed at them.
One of the young women was celebrating her 20th birthday at a house in Tehran, Iran, when the shocking accident was filmed.
Blood-curdling screams can be heard in the video, which was uploaded to Instagram.
The video shows one young woman present a cake to the birthday girl at a table with candles flickering.
Other attendees then sprayed foam at them and both girls were quickly covered in highly flammable froth.
As one of them bent over, shaking foam from her head, there was a loud bang as the foam suddenly ignited and covered the woman's arms and head in hungry flames.
She ran across the room screaming, her head engulfed in flames, before the birthday girl was also devoured by flire.
People could be heard screaming in terror as they tried to put out the fire.
It is not known whether the girls were badly injured in the blaze.
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
CD review: Ann Shoemaker
Photo: MSR Classics Anne Shoemaker, "New Standards"
Ann Shoemaker Classical
Solo bassoon music doesn't get enough respect, and Ann Shoemaker seems intent on doing something about it. “New Standards,” her engrossing new release in partnership with pianist Kae Hosoda-Ayer, assembles a smorgasbord of nine bassoon pieces ranging in vintage from the 1890s (Charles Koechlin's “Three Pieces for Bassoon and Piano”) to 2007 (Marcus Karl Maroney's ferocious “Brightening”). The result is both a showcase for her arresting musicianship — she coaxes a dark, weighty sound from her instrument and deploys it with vivid expressivity — and a plea on behalf of overlooked repertoire. In that regard, Shoemaker, who teaches at Baylor University, seems to be pitching her argument as much toward fellow bassoonists (“Here's some stuff you should work into your repertoire”) as toward listeners. So there's an emphasis on music that's short and punchy, including Pierre Max Dubois' “Nine Short Pieces” or the charming Scherzo in G Minor by Oleg Miroshnikov that ends the disc, rather than weightier or more adventurous fare. Still, most of the music here has an undeniable allure, and the performers make a fine case for all of it.
— Joshua Kosman
ANN SHOEMAKER
NEW STANDARDS
MSR CLASSICS
$18.99
Doncaster enter 2017 well-placed to achieve their ambition of competing again in the promotion play-offs.
The Castle Park club, who won their seventh league game by four tries to none against the Championship's bottom team, have moved up to third place and have 36 points from 13 matches.
Doncaster Knights' Mat Clark scored two tries in Saturday's comfortable win against Richmond.
The festive period has been productive for the Knights with consecutive wins earning nine points, but momentum in the league will be lost for the next three weeks because of ties in the British & Irish Cup, two games against Munster A and then another South Yorkshire derby at Castle Park against Rotherham Titans.
It all means that Doncaster will not resume their Championship campaign until the end of this month when they confront Bedford at Goldington Road.
After a flat start against Richmond, two tries by centre Mat Clark in the first half, followed by two more from prop Robin Hislop and hooker Ben Hunter in the second, emphasised Doncaster's positive use of possession against competitive opponents.
However, the London club could not match the skill and speed of Clark or the efficiency of the Doncaster pack, exemplified by Tongan international flanker Jack Ram, who has played provincial rugby in New Zealand, and by dual-registered lock Glen Young from Newcastle Falcons.
In a strong team performance overall, another individual stood out – centre and goal-kicker Dougie Flockhart, who struck four conversions and two penalties and, as a result, became Doncaster's leading points' scorer in league and cup competitions.
Flockhart has overtaken Rob Liley, who scored more than 1,000 points. Since the Scotsman first appeared at Doncaster in 2009, he has played in more than 180 games and has developed into one of the league's most consistent performers.
As he looks ahead confidently, coach Clive Griffiths says: “To round off 2016 with two fantastic wins is great for the boys and we didn't concede any tries in 160 minutes which takes some doing.
“In 2017, the aim now is to get into the play-offs and keep the excitement going.”
Doncaster Knights: Jarvis, Scanlon, Clark, Flockhart, Lewis, Cusack (Humberstone 56), Heaney (Edgerley 68), Hislop (List 58), Hunter, John (Quigley 68), Challinor (Taylor 67), Young, Ram (Makaafi 67), Hills (Bergmanas 78), Williams.
Richmond: Kirby, Woodward, Mitchell, McLean-Dents, Cheeseman, Damant (Lynn 76), Stuart (Gibbs 76), Cunnew (Tarrant 52), Grimstone (Saysell 66), Harden (Walford 65), Warden (Hotson 59), Corker, Peters, Allcock, Davies (Edwards 57).
Referee: Steve Lee.
A group of Red Cross volunteers from Oregon including the Central Oregon area are on their way to help those who have been displaced by the possible breaching of the Oroville Dam in Northern California. Nearly 200 thousand people are expected to be out of their homes for the next 2 weeks as efforts are underway to make repairs to the dam and the emergency spillway. 16 volunteers will help at the various shelters and to deliver food and other services as needed. To make a donation to help those affected go online to www.redcross.org .
Nurse Wins Prize For Research On Benefits Of Faster Tuberculosis Testing
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of MSF Courtesy of MSF
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today she helps the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Her work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in her studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. She chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in her family. In 2008, she was between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took her into some of Africa's grimmest situations. She helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then she supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, she worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, she was recruited for her first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn her an International AIDS Society prize. She knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from her previous work, but she didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until she read the study's protocol. She was eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in his early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that he had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before he could go back to get help.
His story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," she says. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," she says. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But her award-winning research isn't the only major event of her summer.
She moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom she worked with in Zimbabwe. True to her early love of fashion, she's sewing her own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact her @SashaIngber.
Unmukt Chand, Sheldon Jackson to play in TNPL 2018
Srihari FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER News 722 // 04 Jul 2018, 22:04 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Unmukt Chand led India to victory in the 2012 U-19 World Cup in Australia
Saurashtra's Sheldon Jackson will play for Jones Tuti Patriots while iDream Karaikudi Kaalai will have Unmukt Chand feature for them in TNPL 2018. Those two players, along with India A star Hanuma Vihari, Baroda all-rounder Swapnil Singh headlined the draft for the outstation players who will take part in the third edition of the TNPL.
Chand, who led India to the 2012 U-19 World Cup and also played in the Indian Premier League will feature in TNPL 2018, along with 31-year-old Sheldon Jackson, who also has prior IPL experience with Kolkata Knight Riders.
In total, 16 outstation cricketers will feature in TNPL 2018 after the tournament opened its door to the selection of two uncapped other-state India players. While 112 players from 13 state associations expressed interest only 16 found their way to the squads of a TNPL side in the draft that was held at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Wednesday.
While Sheldon Jackson and Salman Nizar were picked by Tuti Patriots, defending TNPL champions, Chepauk Super Gillies went with Baroda keeper Kedhar Devdhar and Saurashtra all-rounder Shaurya Sanandia.
“Allowing up to two outstation players for each franchise is bound to increase the quality of cricket and the level of competition. Playing alongside and against outstation players will further sharpen the skills of our players, and that was the thought behind the move,” said TNCA joint secretary RI Palani.
To be eligible for selection by the TNPL sides, not only did the players need to have a No Objection Certificate from their respective state, they should also be an uncapped Indian player and not have been a part of any side in IPL 2018.
Complete list of outstation players picked by each TNPL side:
Jones Tuti Patriots - Sheldon Jackson and Salman Nizar
Chepauk Super Gillies - Kedar Devdhar and Shaurya Sanandia.
Lyca Kovai Kings - Dharmendra Jadeja and Shorab Dhaliwal
Siechem Madurai Panthers - Amit Verma and Raiphi Gomez
Ruby Trichy Warriors - Himmat Singh and Lukman Meriwala
VB Kanchi Veerans - Swapnil Singh and Sandeep Warrier
Dindigul Dragons - Arpit Vasavada and Hanuma Vihari
iDream Karaikudi Kaalai - Atit Sheth and Unmukt Chand
Jin Liqun, president of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. (AIIB)
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, a China-backed multilateral development bank, aims to put the quality of projects ahead of quantity, the bank's head said.Since launching with 57 signatory countries in January, 2016, the AIIB saw its members increasing to 77 and the bank has invested in 13 projects worth $2.1 billion as of the end of May.“We anticipate our 2017 investments to be between $2 and $2.5 billion, but our focus remains on quality projects not just quantity,” AIIB President Jin Liqun said in an email interview with The Korea Herald.“We would much rather invest in less, but be confident the projects we chose will be financially viable, environmentally friendly and be embraced by local communities.”Jin said the AIIB's second annual meeting in Jeju was an important opportunity for the newest multilateral development bank to bring leading thinkers and policymakers to consider how sustainable infrastructure will help the Asian economy grow, while also protecting the environment and addressing climate change.The AIIB's annual meeting is to be held at Jeju's International Convention Center from Friday to Saturday.Asia is in need of new and rehabilitated infrastructure, as the region is experiencing rapid urbanization with relatively young demographics and solid economic growth, the AIIB chief said.“Current research suggests the gap between what is being built and what is needed to meet this demand is about $1.7 trillion,” the former Chinese vice finance minister said.“The good news is there are a lot of partners coming to the table who are investing in the future of Asian infrastructure. AIIB is a 21st Century institution which, partnering with other multilateral development banks, governments and private financiers, will work actively and effectively to significantly reduce this financing gap.”Jin said Korea plays a significant role in the governance of the AIIB as a member of the board of directors.“We also have Korean nationals working in very important roles at the bank, and we are extremely grateful for the incredible job the Korean government has done hosting our second annual meeting,” Jin said.Korea has the fifth-largest stake in AIIB. As of the end of May, China has a 32.3 percent stake in AIIB, followed by India with 9.08 percent, Russia with 7.09 percent, Germany with 4.87 percent, and Korea with 4.06 percent.As for US President Donald Trump's recent pulling of the US out of the Paris Climate Agreement which instantly drew international condemnation, Jin said there is “still a lot of global support” to combat climate change.The Paris treaty commits countries to cut global emissions to net zero by the second half of the century.“AIIB stands ready to do its part to invest in projects that will reduce emissions, build more renewables and improve energy efficiency,” he said.In particular, the AIIB is interested in how investments to upgrade existing power systems and improve energy efficiency can reduce emissions and still improve access to reliable and clean energy for millions of Asian people, he said.In developing green infrastructure in Asia, he picked two main challenges – sourcing high quality and bankable green projects and “crowding in” private capital.“We must ‘crowd in' private capital, which means AIIB must look for ways, such as best practice structuring and risk mitigation, which can make these kinds of projects a more attractive investment for private companies.”Prior to serving as president of the AIIB, Jin served as the chairman of China's first joint venture investment bank, China International Capital Corp. He is also the former chairman of the Supervisory Board of China Investment Corp., and the former chairman of the International Forum of Sovereign Wealth Funds.Jin received a master's degree in English Literature from Beijing Foreign Studies University in 1980. He was also a Hubert Humphrey Fellow in the Economics Graduate Program at Boston University from 1987 to 1988.By Kim Yoon-mi ( yoonmi@heraldcorp.com
Image: iStock
An international team of researchers, including an Australian, say the safe storage of dangerous pesticides doesn't go far enough to protect the health of the public. They are calling for national bans in the hopes it will reduce the rate of suicide.
According to the World Health Organisation, self-poisoning using pesticides is one of the three most common means of suicide worldwide, and accounts for 14-20 per cent of all suicides. Many of these deaths occur in people who live in rural areas in low- and middle-income countries, making it a major public health problem in these regions.
In these areas, a high proportion of the population is involved in farming so pesticides are commonly stored in people's homes. In contrast, in high-income countries, agriculture is practised on a large scale and most of the population do not use or have access to pesticides.
To restrict access to pesticides and prevent these deaths, the pesticides industry advocates for safer storage of pesticides, an approach that has received some support from the WHO and suicide prevention organisations.
There were two studies involved in this review: the first is a randomised trial in villages in Sri Lanka which found that secure storage had no impact on rates of self-poisoning or suicide, and the second is a review of global policies on highly hazardous pesticides which concludes that bans are the most effective way of reducing suicides.
The secure storage trial
The randomised trial is the first to study the effectiveness of this measure, testing whether improved storage reduced pesticide self-poisoning in rural communities in Sri Lanka – where self-poisoning using pesticides is the most common form of self-harm and the fifth leading cause of death.
In the study, 180 rural villages either continued storing pesticides in the usual way (90 villages, including more than 26,000 households and around 110,000 individuals), or were provided with lockable storage containers that were secured in the ground (90 villages, including more than 27,000 households and 114,000 individuals).
The farmers receiving the containers were given a choice to install their pesticide storage container in their fields, home garden or home. Almost all farmers (95.5 per cent) stored them within their gardens, while 3.6 per cent kept theirs in their field, 0.2 per cent stored them in their home, and 0.7 per cent of the containers were lost or returned to the researchers.
In villages using the improved storage, posters were displayed to promote the containers, and presentations were given every six months at farmers' meetings. Other than this, there was no contact between the researchers and the communities for the three years of the study. During this time, suicides and self-poisonings were studied in all people aged over 14 years old.
At the end of the study, a quarter of the households in each group were surveyed to see how they stored pesticides. In the group who were provided with storage containers, half (53 per cent) were sometimes or always locking the pesticides in this container, while in the control group only 5 per cent sometimes or always used containers to store and lock away their pesticides.
There were 611 suicide attempts by pesticide poisoning in the control group, and 641 in those receiving lockable storage devices, meaning the rate of people self-poisoning using pesticides was similar between the two groups. There was no evidence of people switching from pesticide self-poisoning to other forms of self-harm.
"We found no evidence to say that improved storage of pesticides reduces the incidence of pesticide self-poisoning," says senior author Professor Michael Eddleston, University of Edinburgh, UK.
"Pesticide self-poisoning is a multi-faceted issue, with prevention requiring work at the individual, community and population level. While our study only looked at one type of secure storage, our findings run counter to current policy approaches advocating improved storage of pesticides to reduce self-poisoning. Combined with evidence from other countries, the trial suggests that policymakers should focus their attention on withdrawal of the most harmful pesticides from agricultural practice."
The researchers note some limitations within their study, including that they only used data from small rural hospitals as evidence shows that this is where most people present to after pesticide self-poisoning, meaning some cases from larger hospitals may have been missed. However, quality controls revealed that very few cases were missed.
The case for banning
The researchers also conducted the first review of literature on the effect of changing regulations to restrict access to pesticides. These include administrative interventions including restricting sales to licenced users and outright national bans on the import and sale of specific pesticides - removing the most harmful pesticides from farming practice.
The study reviewed 27 studies spanning 16 countries – including five low- and middle-income countries and 11 high income countries. The most common regulations applied were national bans of specific pesticides (12 studies in six countries – Jordan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Greece, South Korea and Taiwan) and sales restrictions (eight studies in five countries – India, Denmark, Ireland, the UK and the USA).
National bans were effective in reducing pesticide-related suicides in five of the six countries where these were evaluated (all except Greece), and were associated with falls in overall suicide rates in three of the countries (Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and South Korea). However, the evidence for the effectiveness of sales restrictions is less clear as the studies did not provide strong enough evidence.
"A worldwide ban on the use of highly hazardous pesticides is likely to prevent tens of thousands of deaths every year" - Professor David Gunnell, University of Bristol, UK
"Rather than focusing on safe storage, policy focus should shift towards bans on the pesticides most often used in suicide," Professor Gunnell says, "This will involve identifying those most commonly contributing to suicide deaths in low- and middle-income countries, and replacing them with safer, less toxic alternatives to ensure pest management is still possible and allay concerns that pesticide bans may reduce crop yields."
Professor Paul Yip of the University of Hong Kong says although these finding may seem discouraging, they are valuable in providing insights into the understanding of the complexities of any suicide prevention effort.
"Suicide is not a disease reflecting well defined pathological mechanisms, and the occurrence of suicidal behaviour is usually the outcome of complex interactions of socioenvironmental, behavioural, and psychiatric factors," Professor Yip says, "Because the causes of suicides are multifactorial, restriction of means needs to be incorporated into a holistic and integrated suicide prevention programme rather than as a standalone measure."
"There is no silver bullet for suicide prevention and it needs to be understood, implemented, and interpreted in the local context."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HAWK POINT, MO (KPLR) - A Warren County girl,who loves animals so much that she spends her birthdays at a pet shelter, is our Pay It Forward Recipient for February.
Britney Gifford has just turned 13. For the past four birthdays, the Warrenton, MO, girl has refused gifts for herself. Instead she asks that donations be made to the PALS no-kill pet shelter in Hawk Point. Katie Ulibarri nominated Britney for FOX 2's Pay It Forward awards, but she couldn't be part of the surprise presentation of a $500 gift card from First Bank due to an illness. So Chad Ryberg, Britney's youth group leader from Living Word Lutheran Church in Lake St. Louis, did the honors.
"Hey Britney. On behalf of FOX 2 and First Bank, we want to present you with a $500 gift card for all that you do with PALS and everything. So here you go. Thank you."
Britney said, “It's pretty crazy. I never thought that what I could do could be recognized. I was just doing what I love to do, help others and help animals."
Britney volunteers at the shelter once a week. She does everything from filling water bowls to mopping the floors, whatever needs to be done.
"I think it's amazing work that she does here. She's actually brought other kids here to work and show her love and compassion for these animals," Chad Ryberg told Fox 2's Dan Gray.
Every year around her birthday, Britney prints fliers asking for donations for the shelter. She sets up three drops off locations and collects and delivers dozens of bags of pet food, toys, and supplies to the 501(c)(3) charity.
"I've always had a soft spot for animals. Just the thought of them being out on the streets or without a home or a loving family, it kind of just broke my heart,” said Britany.
Britney wants to be veterinarian. Her education already has begun with her shelter volunteering and taking care of her own pets.
"I have four cats, two dogs, eight chickens, four fish, and two turtles," the new teenager said.
The PALS pet shelter is a two-person operation so Britney's weekly visits are critical to the manager and her staff.
Manager Carrie Walton said, "It's a huge relief for us because we know they're being well taken care of on the other side when I'm dealing with the dogs and the sick animals in the back."
Another surprise during our visit came when the shelter manager gave Britney a birthday cake and a gift. The teenager says she would like to use the $500 to support the shelter and pay for training for her lab puppy to become a service dog for special needs children.
"Adopting a cat or a dog is just pure happiness," Britney said.
Our Pay It Forward awards is brought to you by First Bank. If you would like to nominate a deserving person for the award, visit the Pay It Forward page at FOX2now.com.
It's been a while since Britain has aired a brand spanking new talent-based reality series, which is probably what prompted BBC One to take on The Greatest Dancer. With auditions being held in London this month, there's already speculation about who's going to be on the judging panel. So first things first, what is The Greatest Dancer, and who's going to take part?
Produced by Simon Cowell's Syco Entertainment and Thames, the series is a new dance competition which will see both amateur and professionally-trained dancers compete for the title of "The Greatest Dancer" and a £50k cash prize. The series is looking for dancers of all styles to compete against each other to find the nation's best dance acts. And, it turns out, almost anyone can apply for their shot at the prize money.
Indeed, solo performers as well as duos and groups are being encouraged to audition, and you don't have to have any previous training to audition, although professionals are also welcome. The only restrictions on prospective contestants looking to audition are age and Visa related, as candidates must be seven years or older to feature on the show. Anyone under 16 must also have a parent or legal guardian apply for them, while all contestants are required to have the right to live and work in the UK.
Now I've sorted out who can and cannot apply for the series, it's probably important to know who the dancers will have to impress once they get to the televised stages of the competition. That's right, I'm taking about the judging panel. Every talent-based competition needs a couple of judges to guide and hone the talents of the competitors. So, who will be the judges on The Greatest Dancer?
Emma McIntyre/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
While no judge has yet been officially confirmed for The Greatest Dancer, there have been several rumours about which famous faces will make the panel. There's one clue in particular that social media users are convinced has pretty much confirmed at least two of The Greatest Dancer judges in lieu of an announcement from the BBC.
Earlier this week, former Glee star Matthew Morrison is thought to have let slip both his own involvement, and that of Cheryl Tweedy, who recently announced her separation from Liam Payne. It was Cheryl's 35th birthday at the weekend, and Morrison left this birthday message in her Instagram comments: “So happy you were born! Look forward to getting to know you better this year!”
The comments follow previous reports in The Sun that Cheryl filmed a practice run for The Greatest Dancer in February. The Metro went on to report that she will be joined on the panel by Strictly Come Dancing's Oti Mabuse and Glee's Morrison, with Britain's Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon and former I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out of Here contestant and Diversity frontman Jordan Banjo on hosting duties.
So, when can we expect to see The Greatest Dancer on TV?
The BBC reports that the closing date for dancers to apply to audition for The Greatest Dancer is July 31, meaning the opening rounds could be well underway this summer. And, with The Sun reporting Cheryl has been ruled out for a place in the 2018 The X Factor judging panel, it could be inferred The Greatest Dancer's filming schedule could have clashed with The X Factor 's, which — if true — would mean The Greatest Dancer will be coming to BBC One reasonably soon.
While their filming schedules could have conflicted, it seems extremely unlikely The Greatest Dancer's air date will clash with The X Factor, as Strictly Come Dancing will of course fill the prime-time Saturday slots on BBC One this Autumn, and it's unlikely Simon Cowell would want to compete for ratings against his own show. So, where does this leave The Greatest Dancer?
Well, given The X Factor doesn't wrap up until December, it's likely The Greatest Dancer's premiere won't happen until early 2019. Indeed, such theorising is supported by reports in the Radio Times that the show is expected to air on BBC One in early 2019, but — until this is officially confirmed by the BBC — it's probably best to take it with a pinch of salt.
The Greatest Dancer will air on BBC One
Aoun's visit to Egypt is the first for the former army commander in 55 years. He was elected after a 29-month vacuum in Lebanon's top post. He met with Egypt's President Abdul Fattah Al Sissi who is, like him, a career military officer. Aoun was scheduled to address the Arab League later during his one-day visit.
In a news conference, Aoun said that he discussed with Al Sissi regional issues and called upon Egypt to lead an “Arab salvation plan” to combat terrorism in the Arab world. He also extended an invitation to Al Sissi to visit Lebanon. Lebanon's political factions are deeply divided with some, like Aoun's party and Hezbollah, aligning with Iran, while their opponents are siding with Saudi Arabia. Hezbollah, which represents much of Lebanon's large Shiite community, has a military capability rivaling that of the country's army and police. Aoun, whose Christian party is allied with Hezbollah, said earlier that Iran's support for the group “could continue indefinitely.” “As long as the Lebanese army is not strong enough to battle Israel ... we feel the need for its existence,” Aoun told the Egyptian TV network CBC on Sunday night, alluding to Hezbollah. He added: “It has a complementary role to the Lebanese army.” His remarks could spark tension with Saudi Arabia which has been engaged in proxy wars with Iran across the region for years. Aoun's visit to Egypt also comes amid a lingering rift between Egypt and Saudi Arabia over conflicting agendas, including Syria and Yemen. In October, the Saudis halted oil shipments to Egypt at a time when the Arab world's most populous nation was undergoing an economic crisis. The Saudi move appears to have been taken in response to Egypt's support of a UN Security Council resolution on Syria that was fiercely opposed by Riyadh. Saudi Arabia is a leading supporter of the rebels fighting to topple President Bashar Al Assad. Egypt has pushed for a political solution that might keep him in power. Meanwhile, Egypt has been reluctant to heavily support Saudi's campaign in Yemen against Iran-backed Al Houthi rebels, which Saudis accuse of acting as an Iranian proxy in the Arab world's poorest nation. More from Lebanon Arab unity urged to guard Jerusalem's diversity
Aoun in Egypt to discuss combatting terror
Calls for civilian airport in Tripoli intensify
Junblatt attacks Lebanese judiciary
India to face Singapore in Asian Mixed Team Championships opener
With Singapore coming off a demoralising loss, it might prove to be an easy warm-up match to begin with for India.
@Sudsports by Sudeshna Banerjee Preview 15 Feb 2017, 16:21 IST
Sameer Verma will be India's big hope in the tournament
In the absence of the country's star shuttlers – Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu – the onus lies on the shoulders of the young brigade of Team India as they kick off their campaign at the Badminton Asia Mixed Team Championships in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam on Wednesday. India's first assignment in Group D is against Singapore, who were blanked 0-5 by heavyweights Korea in their group opener on Tuesday.
With Singapore coming off such a demoralising loss, it might prove to be an easy warm-up match to begin with for India before they take on the formidable Koreans the next day.
India's men's singles challenge looks strong despite the India No. 1, Ajay Jayaram, and the India No. 2, Srikanth Kidambi, missing from the contingent. Sameer Verma will be the best bet for the Indians at the tournament in Vietnam.
Also Read: Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu opt out of Asian Mixed Team Championships
The 22-year-old is coming off a title win at the Syed Modi International and has been very impressive, lately. His latest achievement has catapulted him to a career-high ranking of 25th and Singapore's Zin Rei Ryan NG shouldn't pose much of a challenge.
In the women's singles, the newly-crowned national champion Rituparna Das will be leading the charge. The 20-year-old has been steadily rising for the past few months and this opportunity will give her good exposure as she aims for the top echelons of the sport. Das is expected to fetch a win over Hui Zhen Grace Chua tonight.
In the doubles, India can rely on the vast experience of Ashwini Ponnappa. Ponappa and Sikki Reddy have climbed up the charts quickly since pairing together towards the end of the 2016 season. The duo made it to the final of the Syed Modi International in January and would definitely be trying their best to build on it here.
Also Read: Smashing favouritism out of the court en route to glory: The story of Ashwini Ponnappa
Sikki, meanwhile, will be gunning for a win in mixed doubles alongside Pranaav Jerry Chopra. The two have won three Grand Prix level titles since August and their riches have hauled them up to a career-best ranking of 14th.
In the men's doubles, India will be fielding the country's No. 1 pair of Manu Attri and B Sumeeth Reddy against the World No. 30 pair of Danny Bawa Chrisnanta and Hendra Wijaya.
Suspect In New York Subway Blast Had 'Low-Tech' Device Police are calling an explosion in a crowded corridor between two New York City subway stations Monday morning an attempted terror attack. Officials say suspect Akayed Ullah detonated an improvised pipe bomb that was strapped to his body.
Suspect In New York Subway Blast Had 'Low-Tech' Device National Suspect In New York Subway Blast Had 'Low-Tech' Device Suspect In New York Subway Blast Had 'Low-Tech' Device Audio will be available later today. Police are calling an explosion in a crowded corridor between two New York City subway stations Monday morning an attempted terror attack. Officials say suspect Akayed Ullah detonated an improvised pipe bomb that was strapped to his body. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Al Qutami and Hasbani also toured Rashid Hospital's Emergency and Trauma Center, which is equipped with state-of-the-art technology and overseen by experienced doctors, nurses and technicians. They also visited the smart robot pharmacy at the hospital, where the robot can store up to 35,000 medicines and dispense around 12 prescriptions in less than one minute
FAR HILLS, N.J. — Two-time champion Karrie Webb has received a special exemption to the U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek in Alabama.
Webb won consecutive U.S. Women's Open titles by a combined 13 shots when she was at the top of her game. She beat Cristie Kerr and Meg Mallon by five shots at The Merit Club outside Chicago in 2000 and Se Ri Pak by eight shots at Pine Needles in North Carolina a year later.
The U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek starts May 31.
Webb received a 10-year exemption for her 2001 victory, and she has remained exempt through other categories every year since then.
The 12 Thai boys and their soccer coach trapped in a complex cave system in Chiang Rai have captured global attention since they disappeared and were found by British divers on Monday, nine days after they'd gone missing.
Now, attention has shifted to the next extraordinary challenge: How can they be evacuated safely from the spot where they are trapped, deep in the flooded cave?
The team is more than a mile from the entrance to the cave, crowded together and perched on a ledge near a flooded area where the only light shines from their flashlights. A map from the BBC provides a stark picture of their position in the the complicated, water-logged cave. There's a portion that is so steep it requires "full climbing gear," and in another part, the water-filled passage is too narrow for a swimmer to wear a scuba tank.
The boys appear to be in good spirits in a new video released on the Facebook page of Thai Navy SEAL.
Lit by flashlights, the video shows many of the team members wrapped in silver emergency blankets. They look thin but are being supplied with protein drinks, The Associated Press reported, and appear to have more energy than when they were first found.
They're with a Thai military medic and introduce themselves one by one — at one point, bursting into laughter as a group. They say they are healthy.
Another video from inside the cave shows a medic treating scratches on one of the boy's feet. The camera pans to the other boys, who flash smiles.
Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said Wednesday there are only two options right now, the Bangkok Post reports: finding new shafts that could lead out of the cave or having the boys scuba dive out through the flooded cave passageways.
And since no alternative route has been found at this point, Thai officials said they are giving the boys a crash course to prepare them for a possible journey. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan said, according to Reuters.
Many, if not all, of the boys reportedly do not know how to swim.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," the deputy prime minister told reporters.
According to The Guardian, Thai authorities are working to procure scuba gear "specially fitted for children." They're also working out how the boys should best be supplied with oxygen during their dives, the newspaper reports — including planning areas that could re-supply oxygen in the winding passages of the cave.
There are clearly huge challenges inherent in this plan. "These are really, really small spaces that these [rescuers] had to get to, to get to the kids in the first place. And you have to worry about these kids freaking out a little bit," journalist Michael Sullivan tells Here & Now from Chiang Rai. The water inside the cave also has very low visibility because of sediment.
Rescuers have managed to lay diving lines between the boys and the cave entrance, as NPR's Colin Dwyer reported. "Those lines are now helping the boys get essential food and medical supplies — and soon, they may be relied upon to get them out entirely."
They're also trying to place a phone line through the cave that would allow the boys to speak to their families, the BBC reported, though they haven't succeeded yet.
Rescue efforts could be complicated by the rainy forecast for the rest of the week, which could cause water levels in the cave to rise.
Another option that has been discussed is simply keeping the boys in place until conditions improve. But that could mean months of waiting.
"Officials are now dismissing the idea of leaving the boys in the cave until the rainy season is over and the water subsides," Sullivan reported on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, rescue workers continue to pump water out of the cave. "About 120 million liters of water had been pumped out by late on Tuesday, or about 1.6 million every hour," Reuters reported. That's nearly 32 million gallons.
As preparations continue, officials say they are simply waiting for the right moment to move the boys."If water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly," Reuters reported, citing the deputy prime minister.
George Steiner, the distinguished literary critic and influential thinker, is well known in Canada since his 1974 CBC Massey Lectures “Nostalgia for the Absolute.” In an interview not long ago, reflecting on being a Jew, he suggested that “there is a hatred of Jews wherever there are no longer any Jews; even where there have never been Jews.”
Poland is a case in point. Before the Holocaust there were some 3.5 million Jews in the country, about 10 per cent of the population. Three million were exterminated and most of the survivors moved elsewhere. Today, there are only a few thousand left. Yet, in a recent survey, 80 per cent of Poles said that they wouldn't like to live next to a Jew.
Though there have been Jews in Canada for some two centuries, they're a very small minority in the country. Even allowing for the growth of the Jewish population here after the Second World War, Jews constitute less than 1 per cent of the 36 million people who live here. Yet some 13 per cent of reported hate-motivated crimes in 2015 — the last year for which there are statistics — had Jews as their target.
Muslims come second. But though there are three times as many Muslims in Canada as there are Jews, the number of hate crimes against them was 1 per cent less than against Jews. Though there's always enmity of the “other” whoever s/he may be, the Jew is still being targeted much more than any other member of a minority.
Canada is one of the most open and safe countries in the world, but seemingly not quite as safe for Jews as it is for others. Europe has witnessed many more and much more lethal incidents, even though in most European countries, as in Poland, the number of Jews who live there after the Holocaust is very small, even in comparison to Canada's 1 per cent.
A peculiar new park in Scranton, long beset by a former contract dispute, should finally open soon, possibly in the fall, officials said.
The Renaissance Park at 500 — one block long, 30 feet wide and situated atop a 25-foot-high former rail line between Cedar and Washington avenues behind the Renaissance at 500 buildings — was mostly completed seven years ago but never opened because of a dispute between the state Department of Transportation and contractor Sordoni Construction Services Inc. of Forty Forts.
While that dispute has been resolved, other entities involved — the city, a Renaissance 500 condominium association and Steamtown National Historic Site — are still working out an operation and maintenance agreement for the quirky park, said Linda Aebli, the executive director of the city's Office of Economic and Community Development.
Such an agreement will spell out the duties and obligations of each entity regarding the elevated park itself, as well as an elevator and stairwell from a sidewalk-level plaza on Lackawanna Avenue, and a pedestrian bridge over Bogart Court forming the access to the park.
“The project has been inspected and now complete,” Aebli said in an email. “It will be opening shortly.”
The Renaissance at 500 redevelopment in the 500 block of Lackawanna Avenue included restoration of building facades, new sidewalks and streetscaping, condominiums, a central plaza and reconstruction of Bogart Court with boutiques.
OECD hired Sordoni in 2008 to construct the park and plaza, and the pedestrian bridge, elevator and stairwell linking them. Federal and state funds paid for the $2.5 million park/plaza project, and PennDOT was a conduit for the funding and had some oversight. As work progressed, some funding was released. But with the park project nearly completed, PennDOT stopped paying because of a dispute. Sordoni stopped work in June 2010 and sued. After a settlement resolved those issues, work resumed late last year and recently finished.
Efforts to contact representatives of PennDOT and Sordoni were unsuccessful.
The park has an inactive, “remnant” railroad track, but there are active railroad tracks right next to the park. Aside from the contract dispute, park ownership had been another issue. Both Steamtown National Historic Site and the Pennsylvania Northeast Regional Railroad Authority claimed interest in the elevated property, and creating a clean ownership title was necessary for an overall resolution. The rail authority in June 2015 conveyed its interest in the property to Steamtown to resolve any title dispute.
Once the park opens, it likely would generate a flood of requests from organizations wanting to use it for any number of reasons, Steamtown Superintendent Debbie Conway said in a phone interview.
In hammering out an operation and maintenance agreement, “We're making sure we have a good understanding of how we're going to coordinate all of that,” Conway said. Drafts of the agreement are going back and forth between the parties, she said.
“I think we're getting close. We've been working on it for several months,” Conway said. “I hope we can get it open in the fall.”
Thom Welby, volunteer director of First Friday, the popular downtown Scranton arts and entertainment event, looks forward to having the park become a First Friday venue.
“We also know that people who live and work downtown will enjoy the heck out of it,” Welby said of the park. “I can't wait.”
Contact the writer: jlockwood@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5185; @jlockwoodTT on Twitter
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A serial gambler is accused of murdering a father and daughter by setting fire to their home to destroy evidence of a theft he had committed, a court was told.
Daniel Jones is accused of pouring petrol through the letterbox of the Broadhead family house in West Yorkshire on October 19 last year.
He killed father Andrew, 42, and his eight-year-old daughter Kiera, in an attempt to destroy CCTV on their property, a court was told.
Jones allegedly believed footage from the CCTV would show him stealing a safe from his friend's house - who lived just yards away.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
The 29-year-old, who had a "major gambling problem", filled up containers with petrol before starting the horrific blaze at 4.17am, Leeds Crown Court heard.
Neighbours rushed to save the family and rescued mum Sara Broadhead, 36, and their elder daughter.
But the "smoke and heat from the fire made it impossible" for them to rescue Andrew and Kiera.
Both were pronounced dead at the scene in Wakefield, West Yorks.
(Image: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
Jones denies two counts of murder, one count of arson with intent to endanger life and one count of burglary.
Prosecuting, Jonathan Sharp said: "This is a tragic case in many ways. Andrew and Sara Broadhead lived with their daughters.
"The family had just got back home from holiday and no doubt they were all tired.
"But at 4.17am someone approached their home, poured petrol through its letterbox and then set fire to that letterbox.
"Smoke and fire rapidly spread through the house. The family awoke and two of them managed to escape, Sara and her elder daughter.
"But the two others were not so lucky.
(Image: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
"The fire and smoke killed Andrew Broadhead and the fire and smoke also killed their youngest daughter Kiera."
After stealing the safe, Jones, from Knottingley, West Yorks., googled 'How to break into a Yale safe' and found a video tutorial, the jury was told.
Following the burglary, Ben Kaye - whose safe had been stolen - became suspicious of Jones after making local enquiries and seeing video evidence of his van on the street.
He then called Jones to come over to his house on the evening of October 18 and challenged him about the theft which he denied.
Mr Kaye warned him of CCTV from the Broadhead family home which may be used as evidence and told Jones the family at number 55 were on holiday and were due back in a few days.
However, this was incorrect and they returned on October 18 - less than a day before the fire that happened in the early hours of October 19, the court heard.
The jury were shown CCTV evidence of Jones leaving Mr Kaye's home that night and appearing to glance at the bedroom window of the Broadheads' home.
Jonathan Sharp said: "That was and, to Daniel Jones, can only have been, the clearest indication that the house was now occupied and people were asleep in it."
The court was told later that night, Jones left his home and visited an ESSO garage where he filled up his van with diesel.
He then attended Winstons massage parlour in Dewsbury, West Yorks., before continuing to another petrol station.
Whilst there, the prosecution allege Jones filled up two containers with petrol before driving back to the street where the Broadheads' lived.
The jury the viewed CCTV allegedly showing Jones approaching the Broadheads' home and starting the blaze at 4.17am,before running and driving away.
Jonathan Sharp added: "Daniel Jones did not set fire to the Broadheads' house because he had some sort of grudge against them.
(Image: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
"No, he did it because he wanted to destroy evidence of another crime he had earlier committed.
"He had burgled a nearby house, he feared the consequences and he thought the CCTV from the Broadheads' house would show him doing it.
"He wanted to destroy that CCTV by setting fire to the house, but that meant he would also kill, or at the very least seriously injure, anyone asleep inside that house."
In the days after the fire, Jones used the internet to search for 'Fire in Stanley Wakefield' and checked ITV and police news sites, the court heard.
He was arrested on October 22 three days after the blaze.
Jones, who sat motionless in the dock in a grey suit and white shirt, denies two counts of murder, one count of arson with intent to endanger life and one count of burglary.
Andrew's wife Sara was at court for the plea hearing wearing a necklace that appeared to hold her late husband's wedding band.
The trial continues.
French President Emmanuel Macron and first lady Brigitte Macron arrived Monday for President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump's first state visit.
Since their arrival, the heads of state have met to discuss Iran, trade, and other future policy plans. They've also planted a tree, witnessed a major Melania fashion moment, and reveled in their bromance.
We'll keep updating this slideshow as the tour continues, but here are the best photos from their trip so far:
The Macrons arrived on Monday.
play The Macrons arrived on Monday. (Brian Snyder/Reuters)
Macron may be the world leader Trump is closest to. Their bromance, as many have called it, has been on full display throughout the visit.
play Macron may be the world leader Trump is closest to. Their bromance, as many have called it, has been on full display throughout the visit. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
Source: Business Insider
Trump and Macron planted Macron's gift, a sapling, on the White House's South Lawn. The oak tree comes from a forest in France where US Marines fought a famous World War I battle.
play Trump and Macron planted Macron's gift, a sapling, on the White House's South Lawn. The oak tree comes from a forest in France where US Marines fought a famous World War I battle. (Reuters/Joshua Roberts)
Source: Reuters
The two couples were caught preparing to have their picture taken at Mount Vernon, where they had dinner Monday night.
play The two couples were caught preparing to have their picture taken at Mount Vernon, where they had dinner Monday night. (REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst)
On Tuesday, the presidents and their first ladies greeted crowds at Macron's formal arrival ceremony.
play On Tuesday, the presidents and their first ladies greeted crowds at Macron's formal arrival ceremony. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
Macron greeted Melania with a kiss on the hand.
play Macron greeted Melania with a kiss on the hand. (Joshua Roberts/Reuters)
The internet went nuts over Melania's Hervé Pierre hat.
play The internet went nuts over Melania's Hervé Pierre hat. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
Source: Business Insider
Trump and Macron had private meetings in Oval Office on Tuesday. The US president led his French counterpart across the White House portico.
play Trump and Macron had private meetings in Oval Office on Tuesday. The US president led his French counterpart across the White House portico. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Trump brushed a piece of dandruff off Macron's shoulder in front of the press, saying, "We have to make him perfect. He is perfect."
play Trump brushed a piece of dandruff off Macron's shoulder in front of the press, saying, "We have to make him perfect. He is perfect." (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
Source: Business Insider
They clearly found something amusing.
play They clearly found something amusing. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
The two presidents also shared a long, extended handshake-hug-kiss at a joint press conference on Tuesday. The two have a history of awkward handshakes.
play The two presidents also shared a long, extended handshake-hug-kiss at a joint press conference on Tuesday. The two have a history of awkward handshakes. (Evan Vucci/Associated Press)
Source: Business Insider
With the state dinner Tuesday night, and another day of events on Wednesday, there will be many more amazing photos to come of Macron's state visit.
"How am I supposed to ensure that students of colour in my classes feel welcomed and accepted when on the other side of campus someone is promoting the view that they are inferior and unwelcome?"
And on Twitter, the university's student union stressed it wasn't affiliated with the event.
"Laurier Students for Open Inquiry (LSOI) is not a Students' Union sanctioned club. They receive no funding or support from the SU and this event is being independently organized and the speaker is booked through Laurier's Booking Policy," said the union.
The Record reached out to Goldy for comment, but did not receive a response.
When the university was asked for its response to criticism of the event, spokesperson Lori Chalmers Morrison pointed to a statement on the school's website regarding speakers on campus.
"Wilfrid Laurier University does not limit the peaceful and lawful expression of ideas," the statement reads.
"There should be room on all university campuses for the expression of both popular and unpopular ideas, and to challenge both the prevailing and emerging understanding of our physical, social and cultural experience."
The statement also acknowledges that some opinions may be difficult to hear and encourages students to reach out to the diversity and equity office for support.
Wilcox takes issue with the university's stance.
"I would like the university to take their social responsibility more seriously in this particular situation, which is to build and foster an equitable and open learning environment for all students and to not promote or facilitate the promotion of discrimination or hate," he said.
Shepherd is aware of the criticism and said some of the group's posters advertising the event have been torn. But, she said the club believes it is important to hear unpopular ideas to discuss and challenge them.
"I'm a believer … when you push an idea to the underground it only gets more dangerous and stronger," she said. "It's actually better to air it out."
lbooth@therecord.com, Twitter: @BoothRecord
lbooth@therecord.com , Twitter: @BoothRecord
A still from “The Day After” (Jeonwonsa)
Hong Sang-soo's “The Day After” will be screened to local press on June 22, but the film's director and cast will not attend the screening, according to production company Jeonwonsa on Thursday.“No press conference will take place subsequent to the screening,” the company said in a statement.The screening will take place at Lotte Cinema near Konkuk University Station in Gwangjin-gu, Seoul.Jeonwonsa gave no reason for the lack of a press conference.The film, which competed at the Cannes Film Festival in May, is director Hong's 21st feature and stars Kim Min-hee, Jung Jae-young and Cho Yun-hee.The story features a married publishing company employee and the aftermath of his extramarital affair.Director Hong, who is married, and actress Kim made multiple public appearances at the Berlin International Film Festival and the Cannes Film Festival after they revealed that they were in a relationship last year.The film will hit local theaters on July 6.(doo@heraldcorp.com)
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Kristin Davis is supporting her 'Sex and the City' co-star Cynthia Nixon in the race for New York Governor.
The 51-year-old actress - who has never run for public office - has announced her plans to challenge Governor Andrew M. Cuomo in this year's Democratic primary.
Kristin, 53, tweeted: "I am so proud of @CynthiaNixon , no one cares more than she does about EVERY person getting a fair change and a good education. I know that she would be an excellent Governor!
"I'm excited to support someone I have known for 20 years to be one of the most intelligent and caring people in my life! (sic)"
The pair starred as pals Charlotte and Miranda in the hit TV series from 1998 to 2004, which was set in New York City, and in the two subsequent spin-off movies.
Their co-stars Sarah Jessica Parker and Kim Cattrall are yet to voice their support, but Sarah is both a New Yorker and a Democratic.
Cynthia tweeted: "I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. (sic)"
The star faces a tough six-month battle as Governor Cuomo already has two terms under his belt, while his father sat for three terms.
The 'Little Manhattan' star is expected to challenge Cuomo from the political left.
In a campaign video posted on social media, she said: "We are now the most unequal state in the entire country, with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty."
HONG KONG—It's like the Newlywed Game, but for divorce. In some parts of China, married couples seeking to split up have been asked to take a quiz issued by the local authorities. The more they knew about each other — including a spouse's birthday or favourite food — the less likely they were to have the divorce immediately approved.
About 3 per cent of all married couples in China sought a divorce last year. ( JOHANNES EISELE / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
The quizzes, issued in at least two provinces since last year, follow the format of a typical three-part school exam: fill-in-the-blank, short answer and an essay. Questions include the mundane — “When is your anniversary?” — and the philosophical: “Have you fulfilled your responsibility to your family?” The divorce rate in China is rapidly rising, driven largely by working women who feel newly empowered to seek one. But the government is trying to slow the trend, which it sees as a source of social instability. The quizzes — 15 questions, scored on a scale of 100 points — were developed as a way to prevent “impulse divorces,” Liu Chunling, an official in Lianyungang, a city in Jiangsu province, told the Yangtse Late News. He said authorities considered a score of 60 points or higher to mean “room for recovery,” and those couples were encouraged to work on their marriages.
Article Continued Below
“Through the guidance of the questions, couples can reminisce on the moments of their relationship and reflect on their familial roles and responsibilities,” Liu, who oversees Lianyungang's civil marriage registry, told the newspaper. Attempts to reach officials in Lianyungang were unsuccessful. Workers in Liu's office refused to say whether the quizzes were still being given. Nearly two million Chinese couples divorced in the first half of 2017, an 11-per-cent increase from the year before, according to state news media. About 3 per cent of all married couples sought a divorce last year, up from fewer than 1 per cent in 2002, according to iFeng, a state-owned news channel, which cited the Ministry of Civic Affairs. Liu said the quizzes were meant only to be a starting point, not the deciding factor in whether a couple can split up. But at least one couple's high score resulted in the authorities' preventing their divorce in another province last year. A court in Nibin, a small city in Sichuan province, refused to grant the couple a divorce in September after citing their stellar test scores, according to local news outlets.
More than 70 per cent of divorces filed in China last year were initiated by women, the South China Morning Post reported, citing the Supreme People's Court. In most filings, incompatibility was given as the major reason; 15 per cent cited domestic violence. However, a smaller number of divorces appear to be shams resulting from a quirk in Chinese real estate law. Some cities limit the number of properties a married couple can own. By legally divorcing, a couple can buy more real estate in some of the world's most expensive cities.
Article Continued Below
Experts said the state's focus on preventing divorce stems from a Confucian belief that a stable society is made up of complete families. “Only through thousands of harmonious family units can an entire society achieve harmony,” said Liu, the Lianyungang official. The Chinese government has regulated many aspects of private family life, including religion and pregnancy. “Marriage and family are seen as a stabilizing force, and the government wants to keep men and women in marriages,” said Leta Hong Fincher, author of Betraying Big Brother: The Feminist Awakening in China. Chinese internet users were quick to criticize the divorce quizzes after a copy of Lianyungang's was posted on Weibo, a popular microblogging site, by the city's Civic Affairs Bureau. “So if you remember your wedding anniversary you can't divorce?” one commenter wrote. “Divorce isn't a case of amnesia.” “They are adults and they have the right to divorce,” another Weibo user wrote. “Isn't this an interference in domestic affairs?” Officials in Lianyungang have pushed back against the criticism, saying that taking the quiz was voluntary. “The main objective is to let the couple consider this rationally and to treat it seriously,” the bureau said on Weibo in response to the most popular online comments.
Read more about:
Suspect In NYC Blast Was Wearing 'Low-Tech' Device New York City was rocked Monday by an explosion in the subway beneath the Port Authority. Authorities report a single suspect in custody, and no life-threatening injuries.
Mine shaft, Jan. 31
Disgusting! Working stiffs support Canada and its bloated governments while profitable corporations contribute nothing – so much for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's fairness for the middle class.
We know that much of the Canada Pension Plan assets – the hard-earned contributions of Canadians – are invested abroad, presumably in search for higher yields in higher-risk ventures.
So the CPP Investment Board helps to create jobs in foreign lands with no concern about the long-term consequences to contributions or the need to expand a stable workforce at home to support pension benefit payouts.
It's surprising that pension plans are gambling abroad. Pension plans that are investing abroad are not only depriving the Canadian government of tax revenue, they are eroding their foundation.
TRUE SKIN INSTANT WRINKLE FORMULA Figure your exactly what your particular skin requires and remember to provide understand it. Some people need a cleanser, a toner and a moisturizer. Sometimes a toner causes break-outs, as well as a moisturizer creates a heavy sensation with irritation. Believe it or not, there are a few people who only need cleanser. Unfortunately, so soon after require the three Skin Care products and perhaps an extra for troublesome areas. If you only use a cleanser and yet have nagging break-outs, you need to try a first-rate spot treatment in accessory for the cleanser before crib.
FOR MORE INFO>>>> http://skincaresfreetrial.com/true-skin-instant/
“The adrenaline and sheer will power to get himself to the highway was remarkable,” said provincial Speaker Perry Trimper, who has known Hickey for 30 years.
Mayor John Hickey of Happy Valley-Goose Bay is in critical but stable condition after being airlifted for surgery Sunday in St. John's.
HAPPY VALLEY GOOSE BAY, N.L.—A Labrador mayor somehow got on a snowmobile and reached a nearby highway to flag down help after he was shot in the lower face while hunting, his friends say.
The mayor was out alone Saturday with a shotgun checking rabbit snares just west of the town when he was wounded, he said.
Trimper said it took a “superhuman” effort for Hickey to reach the Trans-Labrador Highway for help, where a passing driver called an ambulance.
“Accidents happen, unfortunately, with firearms and this is what it looks like happened. He was by himself,” Trimper said Monday in an interview.
Trimper said Hickey, a former provincial Progressive Conservative cabinet minister, has not been able to communicate exactly what happened.
Town councillor Lori Dyson said a candlelight vigil is planned for Tuesday night at the town hall in Happy Valley-Goose Bay. It will be held near a Christmas tree just lit up by Hickey last week.
Trimper said it's not clear how Hickey was shot.
“I guess John would be the only one to be able to tell us,” Trimper said. “He enjoys getting into the woods and that's what he was doing.
“He was taken to the hospital right away and had a very difficult night Saturday night. Several of us were there with him through the evening.”
Hickey was flown to St. John's on Sunday where surgeons operated.
Trimper said he and his wife Caroline had just spent Friday evening with Hickey and his spouse Peggie Best at an awards ceremony for firefighters.
“We couldn't have had a better evening.”
Dyson is part of Hickey's large extended family and said the youngest children know him as “Papa John.”
“There's an enormous amount of concern from the community and so many prayers have been sent,” she said from Goose Bay.
“It's only speculation of how exactly the accident happened. John is a Labrador man so he was out on the land for sure doing what he loves, hunting and checking his snares and stuff.
“Right now everything is certainly just focused on John's recovery.”
Dyson said it was crucial that help arrived so fast. Hickey had recently pushed for better emergency response after public complaints.
“There was a very quick response from the ambulance which is now operated out of the hospital here as opposed to the defunct ambulance service that John was instrumental in getting out of town,” Dyson said.
“One of the nurses was saying that John inadvertently saved his own life.”
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Medical marijuana shouldn't be used to treat sleep apnea, the American Academy of Sleep Medicine says in a new position statement.
The group warned that the drug and its synthetic extracts haven't been shown to be safe, effective or well-tolerated by patients with this condition.
"Until we have further evidence on the efficacy of medical cannabis for the treatment of sleep apnea, and until its safety profile is established, patients should discuss proven treatment options with a licensed medical provider at an accredited sleep facility," said statement lead author Dr. Kannan Ramar. He's a professor of medicine with the Mayo Clinic's division of pulmonary and critical care medicine, in Rochester, Minn.
In November 2017, the Minnesota Department of Health announced plans to add obstructive sleep apnea as a new qualifying condition for its medical marijuana program.
But in the statement published in the April 15 issue of the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine, the sleep academy urged states to exclude sleep apnea from the list of chronic health issues that may be included in these programs.
In the United States, nearly 30 million adults are affected by sleep apnea. This condition occurs when the upper airway repeatedly collapses during sleep, resulting in snoring and daytime sleepiness.
Current treatments for sleep apnea include CPAP therapy, where patients wear a mask that provides mild levels of air pressure that help keep their throats open.
Some animal studies have suggested that the synthetic marijuana extract, dronabinol, could improve respiratory stability. Follow-up studies involving people have investigated the use of this drug as a new treatment option for those with sleep apnea.
But the sleep academy pointed out that dronabinol is not yet approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of sleep apnea.
The long-term safety and effectiveness of the drug and various ways people can take the drug, such as vaping and liquid formulations, are unknown. Medical marijuana may also cause daytime sleepiness and other side effects, which may make driving dangerous, the sleep academy added.
"Until there is sufficient scientific evidence of safety and efficacy, neither marijuana nor synthetic medical cannabis should be used for the treatment of sleep apnea," Dr. Ilene Rosen, president of the sleep academy, said in an academy news release.
"Effective and safe treatments for sleep apnea are available from licensed medical providers at accredited sleep facilities," she added.
More information
The National Sleep Foundation provides more information on treatments for sleep apnea.
-- Mary Elizabeth Dallas SOURCE: American Academy of Sleep Medicine, news release, April 16, 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate has got just eight months to solve England's World Cup misery.
Even manager Southgate admits that isn't enough time to work miracles and turn his Three Lions into a Spain and make them a real force to be reckoned with in Russia next summer.
Although England have a remarkable 38-game unbeaten record in qualifying for World Cups and European Championships, they have managed just THREE knock-out phase wins in major tournaments since Italia 90.
Expectations have never been lower, with last year's Euros disaster against tiny Iceland following on the heels of England's worst ever performance at a World Cup finals — they failed to get out of their group and were eliminated with a match to spare at Brazil 2014.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: AFP/Getty)
Southgate has key issues, and worries, to tackle ahead of next summer if he is to turn around our World Cup fortunes.
After the scruffy 1-0 win over Slovenia at Wembley on a last-gasp goal, he said: “There are lots of things we believe we can look at. We know a certain direction we want to take the team in.
“Qualifying campaigns are tough... you're trying to evolve. Now we look at how we build and evolve the team and improve the team.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
“That is the job of a coach, because in international football you don't have a chequebook of hundreds of millions [to buy in new players for problem areas]. So we have to coach and work to improve people and to improve the team and that is the great challenge.”
It is certainly a challenge.
Here are six major puzzles Southgate must try to solve before Russia.
PLAY A STYLE THAT RE-ENTHUSES THE FANS
England have learned how to win ugly — but that is the only way they seem to know how.
It was a turn-off against Slovenia on Thursday, the travelling fans left early in Malta last month and they also laboured against Slovakia at Wembley a few days later.
None of those three are European let alone super-powers.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Southgate has tried to get England to play, building from the back in a 4-2-3-1 formation, but in doing so they have become almost more tedious than they were under Euro 2016 boss Roy Hodgson — who was at least a bit more direct.
They have got to find some rhythm, speed and movement to bring the best out of players — Raheem Sterling, Harry Kane and Kyle Walker to name but three — who are performing with such style for their clubs but struggle to find their best for England.
Southgate must look at using a back three, find a midfield system that works and get the confidence flowing.
At the moment, the fans have lost heart — turned off by the dull football.
BRING DELE ALLI BACK DOWN TO EARTH
England are not blessed with world-class talents, but midfielder Alli is their best hope on that front.
For goals and assists, he is Tottenham's great weapon, but he is currenrtly struggling for form with both club and country.
Why? There are growing concerns within the England set-up that Alli is getting carried away with all the hype and the talk of mega-money moves abroad.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He is changing agents, been punished for his middle fingered salute, caught diving and there are question marks about the advice he is getting off the pitch.
Tottenham is confident of tying Alli down to a new contract and that would be a major boost because it would stop talk of Real Madrid and Barcelona — and get his feet back on the ground.
Alli has also struggled to produce his best form for England. Southgate must find the best way to use his most exciting talent.
CRACK THE MIDFIELD CONUNDRUM
Is there a way back for Jack Wilshere? England were awful in the centre of the park against Slovenia as the partnership of Eric Dier and Jordan Henderson didn't gel.
Dier was given a chasing, Henderson had an off night. But more than anything, England lacked the craft of a top-quality passer — someone to unlock the opposition with a through ball.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
It once again raised the issue of Wilshere, who is on the comeback trail with Arsenal after his latest injury but is yet to start a Premier League game this season.
Can Southgate see the 25-year-old getting back in?
“Well, we're in a position where there's no way we would dismiss any creative player but of course people have to be playing and of course have to be playing at a good level,” said the manager.
So, he's effectively opened the door for Wilshere.
Adam Lallana will come back to help after his current injury, but England need more quality in there and if Wilshere can prove his fitness then he may have a chance of being on that plane.
WHAT IF THE UNTHINKABLE HAPPENS — A KANE INJURY?
Striker Kane is England's No1 threat to World Cup opponents. But do they have a Plan B in case he gets crocked before the finals?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Daniel Sturridge is terrific, but not playing regularly. Jamie Vardy has struggled with injuries, too. Jermain Defoe has dipped at new club Bournemouth.
And then what?
England do need an alternative — different options to avoid Kane's health becoming a national obsession.
The other concern is if players are not appearing regularly.
Dier, for example, may lose his place at Spurs when Victor Wanyama is over a knee injury — and then England would be stuck.
BAG YOURSELVES A HAPPY HOME IN RUSSIA
England are close to signing a contract for their World Cup base-camp.
They have found the ForRestMix Club, 20 minutes outside St Petersburg.
It is a luxury hotel and spa but without the lavish trappings of the past, which has indulged the superstar egos and their WAGs.
If there is a desire to keep it simple, Southgate is on the right lines.
“We've had a look at a few different bases. We've got a couple of options. We're happy with all of those options. The most important thing for me is that we have a base which is exclusively ours. It gives the players a chance to relax. It's important.
“I want their families to be able to come in at the right moments.
“Base-camps don't win tournaments. Environment can play a part, but tactical, technical ability on the field will win it.
“I think we will create a base-camp that the players enjoy, with an atmosphere they will enjoy being a part of. They are going to have a fantastic life experience.”
FIND A WILD-CARD TO SHAKE UP THE SQUAD
Last time, it was Marcus Rashford — who burst onto the scene for Manchester United in the February and four months later was in the squad Hodgson took to Euro 2016.
Is there an outsider this time?
There are three players on the fringes with a genuine chance.
Tottenham's Harry Winks was drafted into the seniors this week because of his passing and control in midfield. With England short of options there, he's got a shot.
Southampton winger Nathan Redmond has been in previous squads under Southgate. If he can find top form, he must have a chance with others such as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain struggling.
Watford's former Chelsea starlet Nathaniel Chalobah is the midfield anchorman Southgate wants but, having fractured his kneecap, is racing the clock to be fit.
But if he is, he will be in.
The TSX is gaining as Wall Street takes a break across the border for Independence Day.
Cannabis is the winner as the health sector is boosting the Toronto exchange up 38 points to 16,301.
But, experts say investor sentiment is subdued today as the US prepares to hit China with over $34 billion in trade tariffs on Friday. The Chinese are prepared to retaliate against the trade attack as well. President Trump may also slap the EU with a 20 per cent tariff on auto trade when he returns from his July 4th holiday.
Crude prices are steady following a rally that took US crude to 75 dollars, a milestone for the price. US crude is currently at 73.81 a barrel.
The Loonie is flat at 76 cents US.
Enbridge is cutting more fat as the company looks to lower its debt. Just over $4 billion worth of natural gas facilities in Albert and BC are part of the proposed selloff. The deal still needs to be approved by provincial officials and the feds.
Just after Donald Trump named his campaign foreign policy team in March 2016, new adviser George Papadopoulos offered to set up “a meeting between us and the Russian leadership to discuss US-Russia ties under President Trump,” telling them his Russian contacts “welcomed the opportunity,” according to internal campaign emails read to the Washington Post.
“The proposal sent a ripple of concern through campaign headquarters in Trump Tower… But Papadopoulos, a campaign volunteer with scant foreign policy experience, persisted. Between March and September, the self-described energy consultant sent at least a half-dozen requests for Trump, as he turned from primary candidate to party nominee, or for members of his team to meet with Russian officials.”
“Papadopoulos emerges from the sample of emails as a new and puzzling figure in the examination of the Trump campaign's contacts with Russian officials and their proxies during the 2016 election, now the subject of a special-counsel investigation.”
Dr. Nathaniel Brown, 62, of Cleveland was sentenced Thursday, before United States District Judge Neal B. Biggers Jr. in Oxford.
Brown was sentenced to serve 39 months in federal prison followed by 3 years supervised release and ordered to pay $1,941,254 in restitution to the Medicare program.
In January, Brown pled guilty to conspiracy to commit healthcare fraud in violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 1347 & 1349.
Brown admitted to referring patients who were not hospice appropriate to Milestone Hospice and Sandanna Hospice which led to $1,941,254 in Medicare payments to Milestone and Sandanna.
Brown also admitted to receiving $47,750 in payments by check from the hospice owner in addition to cash payments.
“Dr. Brown is a corrupt doctor who participated in a hospice scam to exploit patients and their families,” said Special Agent in Charge Derrick L. Jackson of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General. “The verdict today should send a clear message to dishonest medical professionals who abuse our health care system - they will be caught and face significant criminal charges.”
“Joint investigations continue to be indispensable in the fight against fraud in healthcare benefit programs,” said Attorney General Jim Hood. “We will continue to work with our federal and state partners in this ongoing battle to protect the resources needed to serve our most vulnerable citizens.”
"It is important the Medicare fund is properly guarded against inappropriate billing by health care providers, and patients are receiving those services billed to Medicare,” said Christopher Freeze, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in Mississippi. “The FBI will continue to take a strong stance against individuals who engage in health care fraud.”
This case was investigated jointly by the US Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General, the Medicaid Fraud Control Unit of the Mississippi Attorney General's Office and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Clay Dabbs and Clay Joyner.
Diversification is a basic tenet of building and managing your investments. The idea is to include a variety of investments whose returns do not move in tandem in different market conditions so that a fall in the return from one type of assets is cushioned by a rise in another, thereby lowering the impact on the overall portfolio returns.
At the most basic level, just spreading your money into a large number of investments will see some risk-reduction benefits. But if diversification has to play the role of efficiently managing risks in the portfolio, then the selection of assets has to consider how the returns from each respond to risk factors and how these assets fit in with your financial goals and investment horizon.
Since it is such a comprehensive exercise, slippages and errors are bound to creep in that take away the efficacy of diversification. Here are some common mistakes that you need to watch out for.
Not counting all investments
You need to know what you have before you can decide whether or not you are efficiently diversified. List all your investment, irrespective of their value or how they are held, and then categorize them into equity, debt and other asset classes.
Often, people ignore the accumulated balance in the Employees' Provident Fund or any stock options, and focus only on the investments made out of regular savings. But these typically constitute a large portion of your investment holdings and excluding them in estimating the asset allocation may lead to wrong decisions on risk and return from the portfolio.
Having too many investments
A bloated portfolio is as undesirable as an undiversified portfolio. Holding too many investments in the portfolio will dilute the benefits of diversification. This is because after a certain point, adding new investments won't reduce the risk, but may prove to be of poorer quality or fit and increase the risk in the portfolio.
Spreading the investments too thinly may also mean that you do not have enough exposure to well-performing investments. Higher costs associated with holding too many investments also drain the returns from the portfolio. The inability to keep track of the large number of investments may mean that you are holding on to investments that may be performing poorly or have become riskier than what you are comfortable with.
Buying what you don't understand
If you are well-versed with your investments, then you will do a better job of diversifying your portfolio. When you invest without understanding the features of an investment, you are likely to burn your fingers. People investing directly in equity or in real estate or buying insurance on the advice of friends and so-called experts are a case to point.
But there's a flip side too: if you decide to invest only in products that you understand, you are likely to end up holding a highly concentrated portfolio. One way would be to pay for financial advisory services and have an adviser managing your investments.
Another way to work around lack of expertise or time would be to use investment vehicles like mutual funds. Evaluating individual investments to be included in the mutual fund scheme's portfolio, monitoring performances and making sell, buy and hold decisions are the job of the fund management team to whom you pay a fee.
However, since it is your money at stake, you should take the trouble to understand the features of different investment assets available.
Losing sight of goals
You may be putting your goals at risk if the asset allocation you have adopted to diversify your portfolio is not in line with them. For example, an individual close to retirement should have an asset allocation oriented towards generating income. But in an effort to be diversified if you still have equal portions of the portfolio invested in equity and gold, both of which are not oriented towards generating regular income, you may not be able to meet the income needs on retirement.
Similarly, consider an investment portfolio that has holdings in provident fund and other long-term equity and debt investment products, and add real estate to the mix. You will end up with a portfolio that is illiquid. You will either have to go the loan route or redeem investments at a loss or a penalty to fund the goal.
When you build a portfolio of diversified assets along with the risk and return features, you also need to align the liquidity features of the products to the needs of your financial goals.
Letting allocation drift
Another common error is assuming that diversification is a one-time exercise. Your allocation to different asset classes will drift away from the original path over time as each investment will earn a different rate of return, which will skew the asset allocation. If you don't periodically rebalance the portfolio, then the allocation will no longer be what is suitable to your needs and goals. Assess the allocation at a pre-fixed schedule and reallocate funds to regain the original allocation so that your portfolio continues to be balanced and is on track to meet goals.
Don't ignore the diversification that is possible within an asset class. You can mix and match for better risk and returns from the portfolio, though it may be limited since sub-categories tend to move in the same direction. For example, within equity itself, look at different market capitalization segments and sectors in the market; within debt look at different credit profiles of issuers and tenors.
To ensure that your diversification exercise is successful and your portfolio bears returns in the best possible manner, ensure you avoid these five common mistakes.
Americans seem to love sharing myths about Fred Rogers, the friendly neighbour known the world over as Mister Rogers. Consider the one about how he wore cardigans to cover up his tattoos (false). Or the one about how he was an ordained Presbyterian minister. That one is true — he graduated from Pittsburgh Theological Seminary in 1963 — and it's far more foundational to Rogers' legacy than you might think. Rogers was a man defined by his Christian faith, and the message that he taught every day on his beloved children's show was shaped by it. "If Protestants had saints," Jonathan Merritt wrote at the Atlantic, "Mister Rogers might already have been canonized."
The news that Tom Hanks will be portraying Fred Rogers in a coming biopic was met with frenzied glee, as Hanks is one of the few contemporary celebrities who approach Rogers' universally beloved status. But even Hanks, for all his charms, doesn't occupy the same stratosphere of Rogers's legacy of moral and spiritual importance.
He was a pastor on television in the golden era of televangelism, but unlike televangelists, Rogers' focus wasn't on eternal life, but our own interior lives. Christian evangelists were making a name for themselves preaching about the wickedness of mankind, but Rogers was more interested in his viewers' inherent value and worth. Evangelists were finding ways the human race didn't measure up to God's moral standard. But Rogers said over and over again: "You've made this day a special day by just your being you. There is no person in the whole world like you, and I like you just the way you are."
If this sounds like the sort of easy, shallow talking point espoused by the likes of Joel Olsteen, consider these words: "Love isn't a perfect state of caring," he wrote in "The World According to Mister Rogers." "It's an active noun like 'struggle.' To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here and now." Rogers wasn't telling children that they were so perfect that there was no room for them ever to improve as people; just that he loved them as they were, regardless of who they were or what they had done.
"I think everybody longs to be loved, and longs to know that he or she is lovable," he said in the 2003 documentary "America's favourite Neighbor." "And, consequently, the greatest thing that we can do is to help somebody know that they're loved and capable of loving."
Rogers echoed the sentiment of the biblical passage 1 John 4:10, "This is love: Not that we loved God, but that He loved us and sent his son as an atoning sacrifice for our sins." The focus is not just how important it is that you're loved, but also how vital it is to be loving.
Rogers' theological messages could be traced to the biblical notion of "neighbour" and Jesus' parable about the good Samaritan. As Jesus tells it, a Jewish man was mugged and left for dead, and his body was ignored by the religious elite who passed by. But then a man from the despised country of Samaria stopped and showed kindness. This was Jesus' roundabout way of answering the question "Who is my neighbour?"
Jesus' point — that the Samaritan and the Jewish man were neighbours in a spiritual sense, if not a physical one — feels right at home on "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood," where Rogers greeted you with a daily "Hi, neighbour!" as if the whole world lived in the same close-knit community.
It might be tempting to think Mister Rogers' message came from a simpler time, but his show debuted just a few months after the Cuban missile crisis, and the world remained on tenterhooks. Rogers' message upended a few apple carts in his own time, and it frankly remains countercultural today.
The notion of a worldwide neighbourhood in which everyone belongs has been replaced by a call for isolationism. Rogers was aware of our own propensity to kick people out — an early episode of his show featured King Friday, the ruler of the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, attempting to build a wall around his kingdom to protect it from change. Sound familiar?
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Matty Taylor's season so far has been somewhat stop-start but he was all smiles as he recovered from surgery.
The Bristol City striker, who has netted two goals in 20 games this season for the promotion-chasing Robins, has undergone hernia surgery and will be out for a number of weeks.
Taylor has suffered a few injuries since his January deadline day move from Bristol Rovers last year and missed a large portion of pre-season and the opening few weeks of the 2017/18 campaign with a groin problem.
There was a chance that the former non-league forward would leave City on Wednesday to gain some playing time, even though he was set to be out for around four weeks.
Johnson also admitted that the club had plenty of suitors interested in Taylor's services but he ended up staying put at BS3 on deadline day.
The City boss said before January 31: "There has been interested in Matty Taylor [for loan moves] even with him missing probably four weeks after the surgery [on his hernia injury].
"I'd say it's 80 percent that he'll stay with us."
When Taylor – who netted over 60 times in 132 appearances in three seasons at Rovers – is fit he will compete with the likes of Bobby Reid, Famara Diedhiou, Lois Diony, Gustav Engvall, Milan Djuric (when fit) and Cauley Woodrow for a place up front in City's starting side.
He shared an Instagram story online today - the picture at the top of this story is a screenshot from his hospital bed.
Meanwhile, the Robins are in action against Bolton Wanderers tonight at the Macron – follow all the build-up, action, reaction and much more right here.
Pubs can make many historic claims; some say they are the oldest in town, or the place where someone famous drank or died. Others can claim to have the longest bar or the smallest barmaid. Only one, though, can legitimately claim to be the place that inspired Hull to become City of Culture. That pub (or, more accurately, bar) is Pave.
At the fag end of the last millennium, Hull's drinking and eating culture was centred around the (mainly) chain-owned establishments in the city centre. Then, two friends – Steve Shaw and Lee Armstrong – with no previous experience of owning pubs corralled every penny they could and opened Pave in a former butcher's shop on Princes Avenue. It was the first place in the city that felt like it could be in the cooler parts of London or Berlin. It sold proper ale and decent food and very soon attracted an enthusiastic crowd.
Within months, other budding Hull entrepreneurs had copied the model and drinking culture moved to Princes Avenue, then into Newland Avenue and, before you knew it, Hull had changed forever. Pave started putting on music, poetry, comedy and even dance nights and soon the cultural folk of the city started finding they had somewhere to meet and express themselves without upsetting blokes trying to play darts. Artistic types became more visible and eventually Hull became the universal byword for culture it now is. This didn't happen just in Pave but it happened, to a very large degree, because of Pave.
Not a bad legacy for an old butcher's shop and two mates with more sense than money.
• Pave, 16-20 Princes Avenue, Hull. 01482 333181, pavebar.co.uk
WELCOME 5/5
DRINKS SELECTION 4/5
ATMOSPHERE 5/5
PRICES 5/5
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
Re: Coming out hasn't come as far as we think, Teitel, Aug. 11
Coming out hasn't come as far as we think, Teitel, Aug. 11
As a senior gay man, I was delighted to read Emma Teitel's column on coming out. As open and accepting as Canada has become, coming out remains an event fraught with fear and anxiety for many.
Apart from blatant homophobia that continues to exist, even in Toronto, I believe an important psychological dynamic is internalized homophobia. I grew up getting a very clear message at home, at school, in my place of worship, in the media and from my doctors that being gay was aberrant and, in some unexplained way, dirty and evil.
Those messages must have been imprinted on my psychological makeup. But at the same time, I was totally powerless over my choice of sexual preference. I'm not a therapist but what a horrible dilemma that was for me.
WWE News: Chris Jericho has been silent on social media following the attack by Kevin Owens on RAW
Chris Jericho is very active on social media, but not since the events from Monday Night RAW.
by Jeremy Bennett News 15 Feb 2017, 04:05 IST
The List of KO debuted on Raw this week, and only one name was on it...
What's the story?
It's rare for Chris Jericho to be away from social media for an extended period of time, but he has been silent on Twitter and Instagram since being on the receiving end of a vicious beating at the hands of his former best friend Kevin Owens on RAW. His last post was nearly 24 hours ago when he posted the following on both social media accounts:
Are YOU ready for the #FestivalOfFriendship TONIGHT on #WWERaw?? @wwe #extravaganza #biggestspectacleinwwehistory #teamchrisandkevin A post shared by Chris Jericho (@chrisjerichofozzy) on Feb 13, 2017 at 4:00pm PST
In case you didn't know...
The friendship and alliance of Kevin Owens and Chris Jericho started over six months ago when they began to feud with Enzo and Cass during the SummerSlam build last August. Thankfully, the friendship has given us some hilarious moments on Monday Night Raw.
The heart of the matter...
Jericho is clearly selling the beatdown he received at the hands of Kevin Owens by not posting anything on social media. It definitely plants the seeds of the WrestleMania match that had been rumored for quite some time. One could probably expect Jericho to be off of television until WWE Fastlane on March 5th or the night after on RAW.
What's next?
As previously mentioned, one can expect Jericho to take some time off before making a return to Monday Night RAW to exact revenge on Kevin Owens. If Jericho wasn't already getting some of the biggest pops of anyone in the WWE today, they will be even louder due to the sympathy they will shower on him for being betrayed by his best friend.
Sportskeeda's Take
The turn of Kevin Owens was brilliantly done this week on Raw. The Festival of Friendship was cheesy and hilarious (especially the painting), but that came to a screeching halt when Jericho opened up his present and saw ‘The List of KO'.
The whole transition from silly to serious was well done, and the beatdown of Jericho was brutally executed with a nice nod to 2008 when Jericho threw Shawn Michaels through the Jeritron, shattering the television in that great feud.
Any music fan will be aware of how vinyl records have become strangely fashionable again, with the retro format enjoying a resurgence as an alternative mp3 downloads and streaming.
But now it seems that its counterpart, the cassette, may be enjoying a similar resurgence.
According to Official Charts Company data, the humble tape is the fastest-growing format in the UK at the moment.
Sales of cassette albums have doubled in the space of a year - up 112% compared to 2016, thanks in part to big name acts like Jay-Z , Royal Blood and Lana Del Rey releasing limited runs as a collector's item for fans.
The biggest seller so far has been the soundtrack to Guardians of the Galaxy - ‘Awesone Mix vol. 1' - the retro collection featuring tracks such as ELO's ‘Mr. Blue Sky' and Fleetwood Mac's ‘The Chain'. It has also sold more than 70,000 copies on vinyl.
More than 80 albums have been released on cassette already this year, leading to over 20,000 sales to date.
That's the highest annual total since 2006, bucking a trend which saw an all-time low (of less than 4,000 units sold) in 2012.
The best-selling non-compilation cassette so far this year is Kasabian's album For Crying Out Loud, with 1,026 sales to date. It's a small but not insignificant figure, given its limited run and exclusive availability on the band's official website.
“That's the best thing I've ever heard,” Serge Pizzorno told OfficialCharts.com, adding: “It's about fan loyalty, I think. It's about having a physical object. One of your favourite bands has put out an album and you want it on a different format that you can hold in your hands. It's nice to see the sleeve and the artwork in a different way as well.”
Other releases whose cassette versions re selling well include albums by Enter Shikari, Paul Heaton & Jacqui Abbott, Arcade Fire, Gary Numan and Blondie.
However, cassettes will have some way to go before they get back to their status as top-selling format, 27 years ago - long before CDs, and the internet, had taken hold. Still, with vinyl's rebirth, and with Christmas coming up, who knows?
Idris Elba is "shy".
The 'Mountain Between Us' actor is baffled when he is described as "fun and cool" because he insists he is very different, and claims people are always disappointed when they meet him because he isn't as "exciting" as they expect.
He told Red magazine: "I wouldn't say I have much of an outgoing personality. I'm pretty shy.
"It's interesting how people describe me because I'm not Mr Life-of-the-Party. I'm a bit of a homebody if I'm honest. But I'm never at home.
"It's not meant to be sad, it's just when people describe me i think, I'm not that fun and I'm not that cool.
"I can be. I have partied. But people get disappointed when they meet me because they expect me to be really confident and exciting and I'm like, 'Nah, I'm going home now.' "
The 45-year-old actor landed his first role in the 1990s BBC sitcom '2 Point 4 Children' and was excited to be earning money and dreamed of being a "superstar", but he admits now he wishes he'd slowed things down.
He said: "I got this huge cheque in the post and was like, 'F***ing hell, this is my money. And this is for acting! Are you joking?' I had done so many different jobs so to get that much money for one thing was incredible."
Asked how he'd advise his younger self, he said: "Save your money. I was not used to having money so I was just loving it and spending it, living cheque to cheque.
"When you're 10 years old and you dream about being an actor, all you dream about is being a superstar. But for me, if I choose a lane I stifle my creativity."
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
Proudlove said the fact nothing was found on McCreadie's body except clothes should raise doubts. There was no jewelry, no money, no wallet, and his keys were found about 25 metres away.
A smoker, McCreadie didn't have cigarettes or a lighter on him, Proudlove said.
"I would suggest robbery is an inference you can draw because nothing was found on his body," Proudlove told the jury.
Proudlove said when the coroner arrived at the park at about 5:30 to 5:45 p.m. on April 10, 2014, rigor mortis was fully developed, suggesting McCreadie was "well dead" and had been deceased for some time.
Proudlove said video surveillance from McCabe's Irish Pub and Grill in downtown Kitchener showed Lawlor there on April 9 at about 11:30 p.m.
Proudlove said there is "considerable" reasonable doubt that Lawlor was in the park when McCreadie died.
He reminded the jury that "probable guilt" was not sufficient to find Lawlor guilty of murder.
"If he likely or probably did it, you will have to find him not guilty. It ends there," Proudlove said.
He said jurors would have to consider intent to kill, was the act planned and deliberate, was the killing lawful and whether Lawlor had the state of mind to murder someone.
"The question of Lawlor's state of mind is very important," he said.
"He was agitated, nervous and frustrated," said Proudlove, referring to Lawlor not being able to get into a residential psychiatric program. He had lost his job at the University of Waterloo.
Proudlove said the practice of erotic asphyxiation — an attempt to obstruct the flow of oxygen to the brain — is dangerous. The jury heard that Lawlor wanted to increase sexual pleasure and placed a scarf around Davie's neck but it was loosened when Davie asked Lawlor what he was doing.
Proudlove said if the jury has doubt on the intent to kill then "he is not guilty of first-degree murder but guilty of manslaughter."
Proudlove pointed to testimony by the forensic pathologist who said the cause of death was "external neck compression." But she could not say how the compression killed McCreadie, he said.
Proudlove suggested cardiac arrest could have led to his death. He suggested there was no evidence of struggle or attempt by McCreadie to get the scarf off his neck.
"There is no evidence under McCreadie's fingernails that he clawed at or scratched his neck," he said.
Proudlove also suggested that Lawlor checking for news on his phone was not unusual.
Court heard that Lawlor conducted various Google searches on his phone looking for news on the body in the park and visited the sites of the Waterloo Region Record, CTV Kitchener and CBC Kitchener-Waterloo.
Proudlove said he also did other searches unrelated to news.
"Is it so unusual for someone to check news on their phone?" he said. "The evidence is not conclusive that he sought out news because he was involved in the incident on the 9th."
"It's a stretch," he said.
Proudlove said Lawlor reached out to police after the body was found in the park. He consented to taking a DNA sample and having police search his home.
Lawlor's statements led police to interview John Davie.
Proudlove urged the jury not to view Lawlor's statement to police as a confession. Instead, Lawlor wanted help and wanted to seek medical attention for his mental state.
"He did not call and say 'I did this,' " he said.
Proudlove said Lawlor spoke of fragmented memories and of blood on his hands yet video surveillance didn't show any blood.
Proudlove said a friend, Randy Scott, testified that he was worried about his friend and that he may be having "incorrect memories."
"I confidently suggest there are issues with what Derrick Lawlor recounted to other people for whatever reason," he said.
Justice Gerry Taylor will address the jury on Tuesday morning and the jury will begin its deliberations that day.
lmonteiro@therecord.com , Twitter: @MonteiroRecord
VANCOUVER—The federal government announced on Tuesday it will purchase the Trans Mountain pipeline for $4.5 billion from Kinder Morgan in a bid to guarantee the project's expansion. But some humanitarian and civil rights groups across the country are saying the money would be better spent elsewhere.
Canadian human rights groups say the $4.5 billion the federal Liberal government announced it is spending to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets would be far better invested in meeting Canada's international obligation to protect its most vulnerable citizens and communities. ( Jonathan Hayward / The Canadian Press )
Harriet McLachlan, deputy director of Canada Without Poverty, said one of the principles of human rights according to the United Nations is that a country devotes the maximum amount of available resources to protecting its most vulnerable citizens. “It's about the right to health, the right to food, the right to clean water,” she said. “That's the type of responsibility the federal government has.” McLachlan pointed out that, as a share of GDP, social spending from Canada's federal government in 2017 was at its lowest level since 1949 — a statistic backed by data from Canada's Department of Finance.
Article Continued Below
“If Canada were to inch towards a similar percentage of GDP in government spending as nine years ago, even by a single percentage point, this would make available $19.5 billion to invest in Canada's international human rights obligations,” reads a report from Canada Without Poverty. This amount of money, it continues, could pay for on-reserve schools, housing and drinking water; a national pharmacare plan; a national poverty strategy; and strategies for housing, homelessness and violence against women among other investments. In September 2015, Canada — along with 192 UN member states — signed on the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. The agenda sets out 17 sustainability goals, including “clean water and sanitation,” “affordable and clean energy,” “sustainable cities and communities” and “climate action.” And while those goals also include “decent work and economic growth” and “industry, innovation and infrastructure,” McLachlan said renewable energy technologies have the potential to fulfil those economic goals without undermining environmental objectives. Andrea Harden-Donahue, energy and climate justice campaigner with the Council of Canadians, said the $4.5 billion pipeline price tag was just the cost of purchase and didn't include costs for development. “Four and a half-billion dollar is the floor, not the ceiling,” she said. “This number is going to go up.”
In 2017, Kinder Morgan updated its estimated cost for the project from $6.8 billion to $7.4 billion. Based on numbers from the National Assessment of First Nations Water and Wastewater Systems, said Harden-Donahue, $4.5 billion could provide clean drinking water for a minimum of four years to all First Nations communities that need it — a pledge Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed to fulfil by 2021.
Article Continued Below
As of May 17, 62 long-term drinking water advisories have been lifted since the Liberals took federal office while 33 have been added. A total of 72 long-term drinking water advisories currently remain in effect in First Nations communities around Canada, according to data from the Indigenous and Northern Affairs department. “It's a bad decision for Indigenous rights and climate, but it's also a bad economic decision,” Harden-Donahue said, adding she, like McLachlan, saw investments in sustainable technology and basic securities, like housing, as more sustainable and less risky economic drivers. “It's the wrong long-term investment at this moment in history when we know the writing's on the wall for the fossil fuel industry,” she said. “It's unfortunate the Liberals have chosen to double down.”
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says a federal government plan to take over the Trans Mountain pipeline will “unlock investment” in the oilsands. B.C. Premier John Horgan says he will continue to fight the pipeline expansion in court. (The Canadian Press)
Cindy Blackstock, executive director of the First Nations Child and Family Caring Society of Canada, said addressing inequalities in First Nations children's services is one place an investment is critically needed. Blackstock said such an investment would pay for itself, as is suggested by a study from the National Collaborating Centre for Determinants of Health. The study found for every dollar spent on early childhood development, the economy received an average six-dollar return downstream, concluding, “reducing the rate of child vulnerability … would result in an increase in gross domestic product that would outweigh the social investment by a significant margin.” “Not only would we raise a generation of children that are healthy and proud of who they are, but the payoff to the taxpayer would be astronomical,” Blackstock said. “And it would be sustainable because the health of children would then be passed on to future generations of children. It wouldn't just be the life of a pipeline project.” Perrin Grauer is a Vancouver-based reporter. Follow him on Twitter: @perringrauer
Read more about:
Now, there is an addition to the list: a new movie starring Jon Hamm called Beirut. The film — a fictional hostage drama set during Lebanon's civil war — had its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival and is set for a wide release in April. Yet its trailer alone, released this month, generated a backlash, especially across the Middle East.
Is it Showtime's Homeland? Yes. The new Aladdin from Disney? Sure. The original Aladdin from Disney? That, too. Or remember True Lies, G.I. Jane and Rules of Engagement? Yes, yes and yes. What about the 2013 Oscar winner for best picture, Ben Affleck's Argo? You bet.
A movie or TV show receives criticism for its portrayal of the Middle East. Its detractors say the story stereotypes and dehumanizes Arabs and Muslims — with some roles not even filled by actors of Middle Eastern descent.
Almost immediately, the trailer — viewed more than five million times on YouTube — spurred a #BoycottBeirutMovie hashtag and scathing comments on social media. Complaints were manifold. For starters, none of the movie's top-billed actors are Lebanese. Also, Beirut wasn't visually familiar to residents of the rebuilt city. That's because almost all of it was shot thousands of miles away in Morocco.
The movie, written by Tony Gilroy (the Bourne franchise) and directed by Brad Anderson (Transsiberian), tells the story of an American diplomat, played by Hamm, who is tasked by a CIA agent (Rosamund Pike) with rescuing a colleague kidnapped by the fictional Militia of Islamic Liberation. The trailer is replete with explosions, images of a war-torn city and a villainous gun-wielding kidnapper with an Arabic accent. It ends with a voice-over from Hamm's character: “2,000 years of revenge, vendetta, murder. Welcome to Beirut.”
And then there's the soundtrack.
Lynn Charafeddine, a Dubai-based editor of Lebanese descent, wrote in an email: “I still don't understand why the Middle East is always filmed in sepia and why movie scorers use a weird ‘leily ya leily' chant like that's what all Arab music is.”
Gilroy — who wrote the initial script in 1991 before it was greenlit more than two decades later — said critics should wait to see Beirut before making judgments.
What seemed to bother viewers most was the trailer's almost exclusive focus on Americans, signalling that the film might reduce Lebanon's complicated, sectarian civil war to a flashy backdrop for Hamm. Some worried that Lebanese people would not only be bit players in their own history, but violent ones at that.
“There are so many stories to draw from the civil war,” Charafeddine said, but the filmmakers “chose to overlook all of that because they wanted to portray Lebanon in a certain light.”
Because foreign-film viewership is so low in the United States, Hollywood's perspective of the Middle East is often the only one Americans see. For example, the Oscar-nominated Lebanese film The Insult, about a dispute between a Lebanese Christian and a Palestinian refugee in Beirut, has taken in less than $150,000 (U.S.) domestically since being released this month, according to Box Office Mojo.
Habib Battah, a journalism lecturer at the American University of Beirut and a founder of BeirutReport.com, summed up his reaction to the Beirut trailer with one word: “Again?”
“This is what happens in almost every Hollywood movie about the Middle East,” Battah said. “The Americans and the white folks are the victims. They're being bombed. They're being attacked. The Arabs, usually, for the most part, are the aggressors. They're doing the bombing.”
Nasri Atallah, a Lebanese writer, said that he doesn't want films to downplay the violence of Lebanon's civil war. But from what he saw in the Beirut trailer, the plot line does not appear to make efforts to dissect the time's political complexities — using a fictional militia, for example — nor does it show Lebanese people as fully formed characters.
“A lot of the reaction was, ‘Oh, we want to show a positive image of Lebanon,' which I disagree with,” Attallah said, adding, “We should show the bad things, but this didn't seem like a sincere telling of those bad things.”
Gilroy said, “There's nothing anti-Arab or cliché about the way we're approaching many of the things in the film.”
Though he declined to specify the film's cost, Gilroy cited a bare-bones budget that largely limited casting to actors available in Morocco. As to why the film was shot in that country, he said that it was more difficult to get insurance in Lebanon — which, he added, is now too polished for the movie's gritty esthetics.
“Lebanon today is so sleek and modern and so put together,” Gilroy said. “It doesn't provide the sort of skeleton that we need for an art department to create the kind of destruction that there was in 1982.”
Philippe Aractingi, a Lebanese director, agreed with Gilroy's assessment that it is difficult to get insurance to shoot in the country. But he objects to Gilroy's use of the name Beirut to signify danger in the American mind. “It is offensive and so stereotypical,” he added. “We're already polluted by all the scars that we have. Maybe we were at war. But we are not at war anymore.”
Asked about the criticism of Hollywood's portrayals of the Arab world, Gilroy said: “There are good movies and bad movies. There are people that are careful about how they tell the stories and people that aren't. I think there's been some amazing films. I think Syriana is a really interesting film.”
Gilroy volunteered an analogy to David Simon's less-than-favorable depiction of New York during the 1970s in his HBO show The Deuce.
“I was there when it happened,” Gilroy said. “It doesn't bother me. It's what happened then.”
Criticism of the trailer aside, many of the early reviews of the movie at Sundance were positive. The Hollywood Reporter said Gilroy's script was “well-thought-out.” Variety called it a “satisfying suspenser.” The Guardian said Beirut was “quite good” but acknowledged “the people of Lebanon barely feature in the movie at all.”
Najib Mitri, a Lebanese blogger, said the movie shouldn't be condemned by its trailer alone.
“It's too early to judge because the movie is not even out yet,” he said, “even if everything suggests it's just another forgettable, cliché movie.”
LOW stress animal husbandry principles and a farming sustainability philosophy has delivered a pork product that hits the mark for both superb eating quality and consumer ethical demands for Southern Queensland's Ladner family.
Their Gooralie Farm at Goondiwindi supplies leading organic meat company Arcadian's free range pork brand Borrowdale, which has just taken out the Australian Pork Limited's prestigious Steak Your Claim competition.
Run by Mark and Charisse Ladner, Gooralie runs 1000 Large White Landrace cross sows, turning off all-in all-out at 22 weeks to Borrowdale specifications. They also do a whole carcase to butcher trade under their own Gooralie brand.
Gooralie is the longest-standing RSPCA-approved pork producer in Australia and an Australian Pork Industry Quality Assurance certified free range farm.
Pigs have unfettered access to the outdoors but are still protected from the elements by open sided insulated huts filled with comfortable deep straw bedding.
The 4000 hectare mixed farming property produces cereal grain and cattle as well, with much of the grain used in the pig's diet.
Holistic management practices enrich the soil of the cropping land using manure and used bedding from the pig production.
“We try to have a minimal environmental footprint - we operate on solar and water and feed is gravity fed,” Mr Ladner said.
“Ultimately there are no shortcuts in farming. You can't rob Peter to pay Paul - your system has to be sustainable.
“We love farming and want to continue to do it in the future.
“It does cost more to follow the sustainable path but it also delivers a better product.”
A Borrowdale pork cutlet.
The Borrowdale brand was launched in December 2014, with the majority of product going to the domestic market and some exported to Hong Kong and Singapore.
Marketing manager Paul da Silva said Arcadian saw a market gap for a product which allows consumers to rediscover the real flavour the pork, combined with the highest level of ethical production.
“The fact that Borrowdale Pork won this competition proves the effectiveness of using the highest standards of ethical production,” he said.
“The result is the superior flavour and tenderness of pork that is all perfectly natural.”
It might be on the menus at some of Australia's most awarded restaurants, including Dinner by Heston in Melbourne and Quay in Sydney, but it was not intended to be an exclusive product and was available through butchers and food service, Mr da Silva said.
“A good eating experience is still the dominant driver but there is an increasing awareness of how food is produced,” he said.
“If you hit that first marker and then can genuinely prove you are addressing those ethical concerns, you will have demand.”
Mr da Silva said he did see a day when organic would become a possibility with pork, with the starting point being a quantity of grain produced to make it a viable option for producers.
The pork loin steaks in the Steak Your Claim competition were expertly assessed in ‘blind' judging according to very specific criteria including colour, visual appeal, marbling of the raw product, aroma, flavour, juiciness and texture.
For the first time, all three winning steaks came from Large White Landrace crosses.
Gooralie livestock kick back for the day.
Second place went to Westpork, Western Australia, while NSW's St Bernard's Free Range Pork was third.
Westpork produces more than 35 per cent of WA's pigs, with 14,000 sows spread across 10 company farms and five contract growers.
Committed to animal welfare benchmarking, Westpork also creates a low-stress environment to optimise the growth potential of its pigs, thereby ensuring a high integrity quality assured end product, according to its managers.
St Bernard's Free Range Pork is grown on two farms, one in the Northern Grampians in Victoria and the other near Corowa, in the NSW Southern Riverina.
The main farm in Corowa runs approximately 390 sows, while over the border there are approximately 475.
Both properties' herds are fed locally sourced grains, predominantly wheat and canola, which is made up at the business' own feed milling site.
Borrowdale's marketing manager Paul da Silva and sales manager Jamie Ferguson accept first prize in the Steak Your Claim pork loin steak competition from Queensland Minister for Agriculture Mark Furner at the Pan Pacific Pork Expo on the Gold Coast yesterday.
The Steak Your Claim competition offers significant prize money for the first three places, but also marketing opportunities for the winning pork.
“Australians' appetite for pork continues to grow, and our farmers are continually looking to improve their already high-quality product” said APL general manager of marketing Peter Haydon.
“This competition seeks to find a really special product, and producers have responded by looking at different breeds and feeds to deliver a stunning pork steak.”
The Blue Jays are swinging for the fences in their bid to secure funding to renovate their spring training complex in Dunedin, Fla. ( Chris O'Meara / The Associated Press )
The sports economics expert the Blue Jays enlisted to bolster their case for public funding of the spring training complex renovation is facing questions about his qualifications and the quality of his work. A report published Monday by WTSP TV in Tampa, revealed that Dr. Mark Bonn, head of Bonn Marketing, Inc., is not an economist by trade. Instead, his background is in resource development. The report also cites a series of sports economists who doubt the accuracy of economic impact studies Bonn has conducted for various teams. Bonn is a professor at Florida State University's Dedman School of Hospitality, and also runs a marketing firm. He maintains his work is solid and that he has always been honest about his academic bona fides. “I told (the reporter) I'm not an economist, and I never said I was,” Bonn said in a phone interview Monday. “(The reporter) can go jump in a lake, as far as I'm concerned.” Last year, Bonn authored the economic impact study that anchors the proposal — made jointly by the Jays and the city of Dunedin — for $65 million in taxpayer money to upgrade the Jays' stadium and training facilities in Dunedin.
Article Continued Below
While the study suggests that spring training generates more than $70 million in economic activity each year in Dunedin, economists interviewed in the WTSP report say those numbers are inflated. Bonn, however, says he worked with a team of sports economists to arrive at his final figures, and that they made sure not to include any misleading stats. “I work with people who specialize in sports economics,” Bonn said. “My (projections) are conservative. We take numbers that our outliers out of our data.”
Next Tuesday, Pinellas county council will meet to decide whether to contribute $46 million to the project. The Jays paid Bonn a reported $23,000 to conduct the study. When reached by email, Jays president Mark Shapiro said the club wouldn't comment on the reports until after the April 25 county council meeting. But according to the WTSP report, the club expressed doubt about the accuracy of Bonn's economic impact stats in December, and asked him to submit more realistic numbers. Bonn, according to the report, warned the club to stick with his stats lest they harm their chances of securing government funding. “I do not recommend going down this path,” he wrote. “It generates only a negative outcome and provides a good argument to defeat your proposal.” Bonn says that passage was pulled from a series of several hundred emails sent over several months, and WTSP quoted the exchange out of context. He says the figures in question were part of a draft report that was never meant to be published. “We go through hundreds of pages of drafts,” Bonn said. “You don't hold hold somebody to anything (written in) a draft.” It's not clear which statistics will be presented to Pinellas county council next week, but Bonn's calculations drew scrutiny when presented at a public meeting in Dunedin last September. Where Bonn's study found spring training generates $21.4 million in direct spending each year, critics point out that his calculations assume each ticket sold is bought by a unique visitor to Dunedin. That tactic, critics said, ignores local attendees and people who attend multiple games, counting them each as separate, out-of-town, customers and inflating their projected spending. Bonn also worked on the Yankees' successful bid to secure $27 million in public funding to upgrade their spring training stadium in Tampa. His economic impact study said Yankees spring training games generate $162 million in annual economic impact. But that projection, critics pointed out, means $950 in economic activity from each ticket sold.
Read more about:
Russia To Send Gun-Toting Humanoid Into Space
Russia's space-bound robot FEDOR, Final Experimental Demonstration Object Research, is being trained to shoot guns from both of its hands. An official says the robot is not a real-life Terminator.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Good morning. I'm Steve Inskeep. In the Cold War, the United States and Soviet Union competed to be first in space. Now the U.S. and Russia may, if they wish, compete for the deadliest robots. Russia is sending a humanoid called FEDOR into space. The deputy prime minister says this robot is being trained to shoot firearms. He insists this is not a real-life Terminator and will be of great practical significance. Because who among us could not use a gun-toting robot in space? It's MORNING EDITION.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Asylum-Seeking Student Says Nothing Can Stand Between Him And Poetry
Enlarge this image toggle caption Portland Press Herald/Press Herald via Getty Images Portland Press Herald/Press Herald via Getty Images
Allan Monga, a junior at Deering High School in Portland, Maine, traveled to Washington, D.C. to compete in the Poetry Out Loud contest on Monday. It's a national competition in which students recite great works of poetry, and it's run by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation.
But Monga, who says he fled violence in his home country of Zambia, was initially barred from the national final because of his immigration status: He's an asylum seeker and does not yet have U.S. citizenship.
Poetry Out Loud's official rules require permanent residence, so Monga filed a lawsuit against the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation. A judge granted a motion allowing him to compete, and he went on to represent the state of Maine in the competition. He read two poems but did not advance to the finals.
Monga says fighting to compete in Poetry Out Loud was important to him — and others.
"I am not the only kid who's an immigrant, like the Portland public schools [themselves] have a huge body of kids from all over the world who are definitely in my situation," Monga says. "So, I wanted to create a way that kind of opened the door for everyone."
Interview Highlights
On what poetry means to Monga
Poetry is like a whole new world to me. Back in my country, I did not have anything about poetry, but poetry is something that I got to learn once I got here. You know, I did research. It's just something like — I developed feelings for it. It's like I'm in a relationship with poetry.
On the teacher that introduced him to poetry
Ms. Callaghan. I mean, I was just sitting one of the days in our class, and she was like, "Do you wanna try this?" I was like, "Um, maybe, nah." But I did [some] research, and it was just like magic. It happened, and I will tell you, it is addictive. Your feelings, or passion for it, grow everyday. And honestly, I will not let anyone stand in between the relationship I have, I've grown for poetry.
On why he connects to "America" by Claude McKay
It talks about the good and the bad of America. And me, as an immigrant, I can come across a challenge. Example: what's going on right now with the NEA trying to say I cannot compete. To me, I consider it as a challenge. But the good? They said I can compete. I had people, the entire Portland public schools, everyone has just gone above and beyond to make sure that I'm here today. And I don't know, that poem to me is just like music to my ears.
Matt Ozug and Bridget Kelley produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday and Petra Mayer adapted it for the Web.
Menu Home News »Religion »Church Directory »Schools »Business »Lifestyles »Engagements »Weddings »Births »Opinion »Editorials »Letters To Editor »Columnists Sports Obituaries WGO Classifieds Archive Print Shop Miss. Legals Contact Us »Subscribe »Advertise Photo Gallery Log In »Edit Profile
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Spy television is good television. It has been successful over the years with shows like 24, The Americans, Chuck, Nikita, and Burn Notice. Viewers love the suspense, the intrigue and the danger as well as the disguises and action. One show in particular delivered an hour of pulse-pounding television when it began in 2001: Alias.
#JenniferGarner played Sydney Bristow, a naive college student who thought she'd been recruited by the CIA, only to discover she was working for a criminal organization called SD-6. In the pilot episode, Bristow becomes a double agent, vowing to take down the syndicate that was also responsible for the death of her fiancé.
#Alias was a critical success and managed solid ratings, but its convoluted plot, tinged with sci-fi elements, prevented new viewers from tuning in midseason. Though it provided plenty of daredevil stunts, fighting, and race-for-your-life moments, it was a show that catered to mostly die-hard viewers.
Countless missions, wigs, and costumes later, Garner ended her run on the Emmy-winning series in 2006, but the series finale was a wide open door for a potential reboot. Eleven years later, it could work very well in today's television landscape with three important, necessary changes and the return of some familiar characters.
1. Less Focus On Science Fiction
One of the biggest plot points of Alias was the search for Rambaldi artifacts which would provide SD-6 leader, Arvin Sloane (Ron Rifkin), with access to a device that promised immortality. It was one of the most difficult plots to follow. When Alias focused on episodes not relating to Sloane or Rambaldi or any other other "out there" premise, it really shone.
For instance, the Season 2 episode "Phase One", where SD-6 was finally crippled, is an emotionally charged episode and brings Sydney's life full circle. In a Season 4 episode, "Tuesday", Sydney ends up being buried alive, and the race to save her is edge-of-the-seat television as is the Season 3 episode "Crossings", where Bristow and her partner, Michael Vaughn, played by #MichaelVartan, are captured in North Korea and face imminent death. These episodes were action-packed, focusing on the CIA agents with life or death consequences in high-quality television.
2. More Focus On The Family
Sydney wasn't the only Bristow who was a spy. Her father, Jack Bristow (#VictorGarber), joined the CIA long before she did, and her mother was a KGB agent. Sydney also had a half-sister, Nadia, as a result of an affair her mother had with Sloane. Nadia was also a spy. In addition, Sydney married Michael Vaughn. Though Sydney's parents and her half-sister perished during the series run, the finale left opened the door for Sydney and Vaughn's daughter, Isabella, to become the next spy in the family. Since eleven years have passed, their daughter would be nineteen or twenty now, about the same age as Sydney when she was recruited.
Alias worked best when the family combined their abilities on missions. Though Sydney and Vaughn didn't marry until the end of the series, they were partners before, and between the two of them, they took down some of the best in the business, including a former SD-6 agent played by Quentin Tarantino. When Sydney worked with her father, in spite of the ups and downs of their relationship, the results were pure magic. Having Sydney partnering with a family member brought a real connection to the storylines. In essence, a rebooted Alias could be the CIA version of #TheAmericans, which centers around a KGB spy family.
3. Less Focus On Tragedy And More On Missions
In the five years the series ran, Sydney Bristow endured too many tragedies to count, including the loss of Michael, learning she was working for a criminal organization, her half-sister's death, discovering her mother really was working for her own, selfish agenda, losing two years of her life after being kidnapped, discovering the man she loved (Vaughn) had married in her absence, and losing her father. These are only the bare essentials, and after awhile, viewers started wondering how much more one person could take and still stand upright.
But the missions were always on point, and that's what kept the viewers coming back. The Alias writers were some of the best in the business when it came to creating intrigue. The action scenes never disappointed, and Sydney Bristow was a woman who could handle herself in pretty much any situation. This wasn't a woman who needed to be saved. Her personal life might not have been on point, but she kicked ass in the field, and that's yet another reason why the series should be rebooted.
All in all, Alias could bring a lot back to television, especially if the original characters could return. Even a hard reboot with a focus on Sydney's daughter could possibly work as long as the original characters played some role in the series.
If only for a limited run, Alias would be welcomed back to network television as the series still maintains a dedicated fan base who have continued to watch the episodes available through online streaming services like Netflix and Hulu. And it seems that a potential return isn't so far off the mark. At this year's ATX Television Festival, a group of Alias writers convened to talk about J.J. Abrams and the show. When asked if a reboot would ever be considered, Josh Applebaum, one of the writers said:
“We were talking about this before. It would be amazing to do it but the right idea would have to come.”
There's little doubt that a reboot of this incredible show would draw the viewers right back to their television screens. For five years, this series was must-watch TV, and it could be again.
[Source: Deadline]
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Kingswood clothing shop has been damaged after a car came off the road and smashed into the building.
The crash happened shortly before 2.30pm on Thursday, February 1 and involved a car losing control on Soundwell Road, at the junction with Lansdown Road.
The vehicle hit the Initially Yours store, which specialises in printed and embroidered clothing, particularly school uniform.
Avon and Somerset police assisted South Gloucestershire Council in closing Lansdown Road, which runs alongside the shop.
The road was closed in both directions following the incident and remained shut during the evening.
Traffic cones, fences and signs blocked the way to prevent drivers from heading along Lansdown Road.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
No one was seriously hurt in the accident, according to police, but the building has been deemed structurally unsafe by council officers.
The crash caused long delays in the area at rush hour but congestion had eased by 7pm.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Incredible video footage has captured the moment an amazing rainbow cloud suddenly appeared in the sky.
The multi-coloured light, which appears like a hole in the middle of the sky, was caught on camera in Fazenda São João, a tourist hotspot in Parana, Brazil.
Salesman André Luiz Nassif caught the moment on camera during a break from work on Sunday, January 28.
The phenomenon is actually known as irisation and occurs and is defined as multiple mixed iridescent colours caused by sunlight being diffracted in clouds .
Meteorologist Graziella Goncalves told UOL : "It occurs due to the decomposition of sunlight in the seven colours of the rainbow."
(Image: UOL)
(Image: UOL)
The definition of irisation is the dispersion of the incidence of sunlight in the ice crystals of the cloud or of particles in the atmosphere.
He added: "There is a dispersion of sunlight in the atmosphere, that at some times of the day the the angle between the sun and the horizon is less than 10%, so that the sun's light shows such colors, which are usually almost random layers or bands at the edges of the cloud."
(Image: UOL)
These types of cloud usually occur very close to the sun, making them extremely difficult to capture on camera.
According to Nassif, the cloud was visible for around half an hour.
And it seems to catch the attention of many people nearby, with one restaurant reporting customers getting up in the middle of their meal to get a glimpse of the strange cloud.
Chang Redux: US man employs underhand serves at French Open
Chang Redux: US man employs underhand serves at French Open
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 02:43 IST 31 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
PARIS (AP) — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; he won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 percent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in his legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' He obviously wasn't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said he has never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. He did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; he remains the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging his shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before his first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. He hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
After Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and serve for the victory, Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone run. He double-faulted. Then he tried his second underhand serve, dropping the point. Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 lead, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover and, soon enough, it was over.
"It wasn't that I was tired or anything," Donaldson said. "It was just my leg muscles had reached their limit, basically."
After the final point, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — thanking his own legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
"I had quite a little bit left in the tank, so that was great," said Dimitrov, who equaled his best French Open showing by reaching the third round. "And I think it meant a lot to the whole team, but especially to my fitness guy. ... It's great to win a match in five sets. I think it stays with you. You keep it."
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
Global Ginger Market: Snapshot
In the recent times, the global market for ginger has observed a strong surge in its valuation, thanks to the increasing popularity of ginger as a spice and as a flavoring agent across the world. The rising awareness about the medical benefits of ginger is also attracting consumers substantially, and this factor is expected to act as a long-term promoter of this market, leading it to high growth over the next few years.
In addition to this, the widening application base of ginger, from medicines to alcoholic beverages, is anticipated to boost the global ginger market in the years to come. The market is projected to gain US$3.06 bn by 2017 in revenues. The opportunities in this market is predicted to proliferate at a CAGR of 6.50% between 2017 and 2022, reaching a value of US$4.18 bn by the end of 2022.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=33065
APEJ to Retain Leadership in Global Ginger Market
North America, the Middle East and Africa (MEA), Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ), Europe, Latin America, and Japan have emerged as the key regional markets for ginger across the world. Of these, the APEJ region has surfaced as the most attractive regional market for ginger and acquired the leading position in the global market. Progressing at a CAGR of 7.10% during the period from 2017 to 2022, the APEJ market for ginger is predicted to experience a high rise over the near future, thereby retaining its leadership on the overall market.
Amongst other regional markets for ginger, the Middle East and Africa, Europe, and North America are expected to register a steady rise in their respective ginger markets over the forthcoming years. While the Middle East and Africa market will gain from the increasing production of spices; the North America and Europe markets will benefit from the rising awareness of the medicinal qualities of ginger among consumers, together with augmenting preference for organic and bio-based remedies for ailments.
The tremendous rise in medical tourism in Asian countries, such as India and China, has influenced the production of medicinal spices, of which ginger is a significant segment and, consequently, the market for ginger in APEJ is being heavily boosted. Researchers anticipate the scenario to remain the same over the next few years.
Fresh Ginger Enjoys Greater Demand than Other Forms
Commonly, ginger is found in fresh, dried, pickled, preserved, crystallized, and powdered forms across the world. The demand for fresh ginger is much higher than its other forms. Expanding at a CAGR of 7.30% between 2017 and 2022, this segment is anticipated to remain the most prominent one in the years to come.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/potato-protein-market.htm
Ginger finds extensive application in culinary, snacks and convenience food, soups and sauces, bakery products, non-alcoholic beverages, alcoholic beverages, and chocolate and confectionery. The culinary segment has surfaced as the main application area of ginger and is projected to remain so over the next few years. Traditional grocery retail, modern grocery retail, and non-grocery retail are the prime distribution channels of ginger across the world.
At the forefront of the global market for ginger are Archer-Daniels-Midland Co., Yummy Food Industrial Group, Monterey Bay Spice Co. Inc., Sun Impex International Foods L.L.C., Indian Organic Farmers Producer Co. Ltd., Sino-Nature International Co. Ltd., Atmiya International, Buderim Group Ltd., Food Market Management Inc., and SA Rawther Spices Pvt. Ltd.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Lauryn Bentham decided to spend the afternoon washing down her garden decking, she made sure she was covered in suntan lotion.
She spent hours outside scrubbing to get it all ready for the summer, but when she came back inside she realised she had missed a spot on her back where her t-shirt had pulled up.
She was bright red and in a lot of pain, so decided to go and see her GP.
He told her the sunburn wasn't anything to worry about, but he was concerned about a mole on her back and sent her to the hospital for tests.
After several tests and biopsies Lauryn, who lives in south Wales, was given the devastating news that it was skin cancer.
(Image: @lauryn__ava /Instagram)
She said: "My whole life just turned upside down. I cried for days.
"I was thinking I'm 29, I don't have kids, I haven't even started my life yet and I'm going to lose it.
"It was really really hard for quite a long time."
She said:
(Image: @lauryn__ava /Instagram)
However she was surprised by the response when she started telling people she had cancer, and she's worried people don't take it seriously.
She said: "People were like 'oh well, you've got skin cancer, you'll be alright'.
"People look at my scars and say 'is that is?'. But what you see on the outside, it's five times bigger under the skin.
"They really need to know that it's serious.
(Image: @lauryn__ava /Instagram)
"Moles do change and people don't really pay attention.
"They're so scared to go to the doctor but if it's a bad result it's so much better to be in the hospital two or three months earlier.
"Sun burn actually saved my life.
"You don't look at your back much so you don't really notice them changing.
"That's why I'm here and alive. I was extremely lucky.
"If you catch it early enough you can still have a life and do all the things you enjoy."
In the eight years since her diagnoses Lauryn has received excellent support and care from a number of hospitals and charities.
(Image: @lauryn__ava /Instagram)
But it's Macmillan which has really supported her and her family, so she was determined to give something back.
She started running to release stress and before long she had completed in a number of events.
But she decided that just wasn't enough.
She said: "It just spiralled out of control."
She set herself the challenge of doing 40 events before she turned 40, but it quickly escalated to the 52 in 52 Challenge - where you take on 52 events in a year.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Her final event was the London Marathon back in April, and she's already thinking about what she can do next.
She's already raised more than £4,000 .
May is Skin Cancer Awareness Month, and Lauryn is trying to get the message out there so people get their moles checked.
Sue Green, senior information development nurse at Macmillan, has shared her expert tips for staying say in the sun.
Stay off the sunbed! Sunbeds give out harmful UV rays and the more frequently you use them the higher your risk of developing skin cancer. If it's important for you to look tanned, use fake tan lotions or sprays.
Try to avoid the sun when it's at its hottest – usually between 11 am-3pm.
Make sun cream your first accessory. By putting on sun cream before you get dressed you'll avoid missing any spots which clothing may make hard to reach. It takes around half an hour for the protective SPF in sun cream to take effect, so by making it a priority in your skin care routine you'll be protected as soon as you step out of the door.
Overexposure to the sun or sunburn in childhood increases the risk of developing skin cancer. Make sure your little ones are covered up and well protected if they're heading outside to play.
Wear a hat. Pick one with a wide brim (at least 2 to 3 inches) made of a tightly woven fabric for maximum sun protection.
Fair-skinned people with freckles are at a higher risk of developing skin cancer. If you're prone to turning red in the sun be sure to cover up, use sun cream with a high SPF factor and try to stay in the shade.
Map your moles. Regularly taking pictures of your moles can help you to monitor changes over time. Check in with your doctor as soon as you find a mole which looks unusual or has changed in appearance. You can also use the ABCDE list to help you know what to look out for when examining your moles. Watch out for: A – a symmetrical moles which are irregular in shape, B – b orders of moles which look blurred or jagged, C – moles with more than one c olour, D – moles with a d iameter of over 7mm and E – moles that e volve in nature over time.
To donate to Lauryn's fundraising page click here .
Lucknow Central Public School said good bye to the graduation students of 2018 on Wednesday June 27, 2018.
A celebration that included many memories shared for the students over the last decade and graduating students included Tyson Robinson, Spencer Robinson, Coby Schumackeg, Tika Kahgee, Terri Bateman, Amanda King, Raelyn Pennington and Alyssa Jones.
The students enjoyed food and refreshments following ceremony and later carried on to a party to continue the celebration.
Photo: Courtesy Capitol Nashville
By Scott T. Sterling
For anyone who's ever said “I like beer,” this Michelob ULTRA Super Bowl commercial's for you.
Related: Jon Pardi's ‘Dirt on My Boots' Gets Classic Little Kid Remix
The beer company's new Super Bowl spot features Jon Pardi's version of Tom T. Hall's 1975 hit, “I Like Beer,” which peaked at No. 4 on the U.S. country singles chart back in the day.
“This past year has been filled with so many milestones and bucket list items, and when Michelob Ultra reached out with an opportunity to be part of this Super Bowl commercial, I was all in,” Pardi raved in a press statement. “It was such a fun experience to record this version of the song and it's awesome to be a part of it.”
While Pardi doesn't appear in the ad, there are cameos from actor Chris Pratt, golfer Brooks Koepka, surfer Kelly Slater and 2017 NYC Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan.
Watch the new “I Like Beer” ad ahead of the big game below:
First Read: “We are 12 days away from Donald Trump's 100th as president, but it isn't too early to proclaim his start as the poorest in the modern era… This isn't to say that Trump's first 100 days have lacked successes or have failed to follow through on campaign promises — see his immigration policies or the rolling back of Obama's regulations.”
“But here's why Trump's poor start matters: A president's first three months in office are the EASIEST time to rack up legislative wins that can't be simply erased by the next president. The honeymoon phase, traditionally, has been when a president's power with his own party, with the opposition, and with independents is at its highest. But there's been no honeymoon at all for the nation's 45th president. And that's arguably been the major storyline of Trump's first 100 days in office.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Single-payer backer
Editor: The Republican-controlled Senate is trying to pass a health care bill that would take away affordable health insurance from 23 million Americans, like myself, and would remove the individual mandate — similar to automobile insurance — that helps make insurance more affordable for everyone.
It's worth noting that Republicans want to keep protections under the Affordable Care Act — “Obamacare” — for themselves while giving the public worse coverage or no coverage.
President Trump is trying to destroy the Affordable Care Act by denying subsidies that Obamacare put into place. In response, insurance companies are pulling out of markets, making health insurance unavailable in parts of some states.
My Republican members of Congress, Sen. Pat Toomey and U.S. Rep. Tom Marino, have refused to hold town hall meetings to listen to our concerns. We have been ignored when attempting to visit their regional offices and their staffs offer no substantive information regarding their positions on this important issue. Marino voted for the terrible House version of the American Health Care Act.
The Senate is trying to quietly rush through a similar bill while most of the country is distracted by the investigations into Russia's interference in the election.
Democratic Sen. Bob Casey, in contrast, has held town hall meetings and his staff is able and willing to discuss this issue and elaborate on his views.
No matter how careful we are, we can still be affected by an illness or accident. We should not have to worry about losing our homes if we become injured or ill. We need a single-payer health care system similar to Medicare. Why should our taxes pay for members of Congress to have good health care when they would deny it to their constituents?
MARTHA FRANKLIN
KINGSLEY,
SUSQUEHANNA COUNTY
Assure funding
Editor: Many Pennsylvanians trust their beloved pets to the care of their veterinarian because they know veterinarians provide compassionate care for companion animals. However, few Pennsylvanians are aware of the role veterinarians play in protecting the food supply.
The University of Pennsylvania Veterinary School, the state's only school of veterinary medicine, has received funding from Pennsylvania until the most recent state budget proposal. The funding Penn Vet receives is critical to protecting both public health and Pennsylvania's food supply. Consider:
■ Penn Vet has both the personnel and facilities to fight re-emerging threats, such as rabies. There is no other facility in the state with the diagnostics capable of a timely rabies assessment, as well as the ability to pursue other diagnostics in the event of a negative result.
■ Penn Vet's swine center collects data on where swine viruses occur, helping farmers and truckers see where disease occurs to prevent its spread. The program maintains a map covering 1.29 million hogs in the state and has resulted in a 30 percent reduction in the number of pigs in the program with viruses.
■ During the last budget impasse, Penn Vet conducted 70,000 tests for avian influenza without payment while the disease caused billions in agricultural losses in the Midwest.
■ Penn Vet's role in developing an egg quality assurance program in Pennsylvania results in 99.99 percent of Pennsylvania eggs making it to market without salmonella.
Let's take the steps to ensure Pennsylvania has a safe food supply by restoring funding for Penn Vet.
JOAN C. HENDRICKS, VMD,
GILBERT S. KAHN DEAN OF VETERINARY MEDICINE,
UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
Hacking widespread
Editor: Apparently, in the 2016 election, Bloomberg News reports this week that “Russian hackers managed to breach voter databases and software systems in 39 states.”
None of the news reports talk about what the Russians did when they broke into these systems, other than to use the words “efforts to meddle or tamper” with our election.
If the Russians got into these systems the assumption arises that they did something even if we don't know what they did. Many news reports seem do downplay the impact as if the hacking didn't actually change any results.
I have a hard time believing that they didn't flip the election and that in reality, America didn't choose our leaders, the Russians did. Whatever happened in 2016 can hardly be called an election.
MARC PERKEL
GILROY, CALIFORNIA
Accentuate positive
Editor: There is a line from Mark Antony's speech in William Shakespeare's play “Julius Caesar” that goes like this:
“The evil that man does lives after him. The good is oft interred with the bones.”
So, let it be with today's society. Do the new media report too many shootings, stabbings and murders or does it glorify such atrocities? It makes people wonder why so many of these incidents are reported almost daily nowadays. Where is the good news being reported? Is it in the fine print at the bottom of a page where people can just about read it?
Or is this due to the mental health system not being able to identify people who might be capable of doing such evil deeds before it is too late to stop them? If that's the case, it is time the mental health profession starts re-examining its methodology of
evaluating people more closely with the proper questions and procedures that will bring out possible ulterior motives in them before it happens and start them in a treatment program that will help them realize the consequences of their actions.
Whether this will be the answer remains to be seen. Unless the media stops headlining evil actions, the good deeds will indeed be buried away from the rest
of us who need to know that good things are happening in our world today.
MARCIA SHAFFER
JESSUP
Lottery winners could be swapping their multi-million pound prizes for a lifetime monthly payout of £10,000 in a possible new shake up to increase ticket sales.
Expected to launch in 2019, the new prize system will aim to attract more gamblers after Lottery operator Camelot announced a drop in last year's players.
The news comes it was revealed this week that Nigel Railton would take over as UK CEO of Camelot.
Railton said: “Some people don't want big jackpots, they want financial stability to pay more of the mortgage or educate the children.”
Since its launch in 1994 The National Lottery has created more than 4,750 millionaires or multi-millionaires and awarded over £65 billion in prizes.
Camelot said in a statement: “Given the growing number of players who dream of long-term financial security rather than big jackpots, Camelot will explore ways of satisfying this demand with an annuity-style game.”
Camelot is also expected to introduce a Tuesday Thunderball in 2018 which will issue small but more frequent wins for players.
However Lottery expert Professor Ian Walker, from Lancaster University, said: “It's wishful thinking that this will turn around falling sales.”
Last month, we covered a story about how turning off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth in iOS 11's Control Center doesn't really turn off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth . EFF has called the situation bad for user security . From the report:
Scott Eastwood "doesn't know what to make of" his heartthrob status.
The 'Pacific Rim Uprising' star finds it bizarre that he is considered to be good looking because he just thinks of himself as a "normal guy" who works hard.
He said: "I don't know what to make of that. To me, there are a ton of good looking people in California. There are a ton of better-looking people than me. I'm just trying to be in good movies, produce movies, put together stories that people respond to and like. I guess people [call me a heartthrob], but for me it was never about being that. I'm just a guy, just a normal guy. I go up there and try to work hard and put my head down. I try to be a better person every day."
And in news that will delight his fans, the 31-year-old actor has confirmed that he is currently single but did say he has "had very special women" in his life.
He told the new issue of Haute Living magazine: "I've had very special women in my life, but right now I'm single."
Meanwhile, Scott previously admitted he finds it hard to date after he lost a girlfriend in a car accident.
He shared: "I dated a girl a couple of years ago who died in a car accident. The f***ed up thing is, it was a fender bender, and there was a recall on airbags. Her airbag exploded. It shot a projectile through her body.
"It split her spine, and ... I've never told anybody that. I've lost friends before; I've lost some great friends. But, I had never lost someone I had been really intimate with. Maybe it's made it harder for me to date."
And Scott now understands how fleeting love can be.
He added: "It's easy to fall in love when you're young, right? And then you start to realise those feelings of love and stuff, passion, love, lust, sometimes they come very quickly, but they can also leave quickly."
THE Great Barrier Reef could be hit with catastrophic bleaching every two years unless more is done to limit climate change.
A new report from the Climate Council reveals coral bleaching is now happening on average every six years, compared to once every 27 years back in the 1980s.
Based on current rising greenhouse gas levels, bleaching will happen every two years by 2034.
In the report released today Lethal Consequences: Climate Change Impacts on the Great Barrier Reef, the Climate Council says the current rate of bleaching is not sustainable because it will continuously set back recovery of the reef.
At the same time, the reef will also need to deal with other threats caused by climate change - such as ocean acidification and tropical cyclones.
The report found average coral cover in the northern section of the reef is at its lowest point on record, and coral cover in the central section of the reef declined from 22 per cent in
2016 to 14 per cent in 2018, largely due to the 2017 bleaching event.
It said the damage to the reef may be irreversible and it has already resulted in a drop in the diversity of fish species and in the number of juvenile fish settling on the reef.
Underwater vision of bleaching on the Great Barrier Reef, off Port Douglas taken on June 28, 2018. Source: Climate Council.
The damage could be irreversible. Source: Climate Council.
"Intensifying marine heatwaves around the world are now occurring more often, lasting longer and are more intense than ever before," Climate Councillor and ecologist Professor Lesley Hughes said.
Professor Hughes said the bleaching events in 2016 and 2017 resulted in mass coral mortality, with the 2016 bleaching event at least 175 times more likely to occur due to intensifying climate change.
"Unless drastic action is taken, extreme coral bleaching will be the new normal by the 2030s. We will see extreme ocean temperatures, similar to those that led to these bleaching events possibly occurring every two years, which will effectively sign the death certificate for the world's largest natural living wonder that is the Great Barrier Reef," she said.
The report makes clear that doing things like improving water quality are not the solution.
It says that unless "deep cuts in greenhouse gas emissions are made as a matter of urgency - the reef stands little chance no matter what measures are taken to enhance its resilience".
In particular, global warming must be limited to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels.
"A 2C rise in average global temperature will almost certainly mean the collapse of warm water tropical reefs around the world," the report states.
"The decisions and actions that we take today to reduce greenhouse pollution will have a critical effect on the long-term survival of the iconic Great Barrier Reef."
Climate Council acting chief executive officer Dr Martin Rice said the future of coral reefs around the world depended on nations including Australia doing their part to tackle climate change.
"This report shows that the Great Barrier Reef may never fully recover or return to its pre-bleaching state, which should serve as a serious warning signal for governments around the world to act now," he said.
"We all have a part to play in cutting greenhouse gas pollution levels in order to protect these natural wonders. The only thing standing in the way is political will."
The report comes as former prime minister Tony Abbott calls for Australia to back away from its internationally binding climate targets.
In a speech to the Australian Environment Foundation on Tuesday night, Mr Abbott said he would never have signed on to the Paris Agreement in 2015 if the United States did not also agree - the country has now walked away from the agreement under the new leadership of President Donald Trump.
But Mr Abbott has found little support for pulling out of the agreement.
Minister for Energy and the Environment Josh Frydenberg and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull have been trying to gain support for the government's National Energy Guarantee. Picture: Mick Tsikas/AAP
Deputy leader Julie Bishop batted down Mr Abbott's suggestion Australia was never meant to be bound by the target to reduce emissions by 26 to 28 per cent reduction on 2005 levels.
Ms Bishop, who was also Mr Abbott's deputy, said Australia intended to be accountable for the targets, which were a commitment and not an aspiration.
"Australia plays by the rules - if we sign an agreement we stick to the agreement," she said.
She said the targets were agreed by the prime minister, the cabinet and the party room.
But the Turnbull Government is still divided on its National Energy Guarantee (NEG) proposal, which would legislate the commitment and help Australia achieve its targets.
Mr Abbott's comments have been stirring discontent about the guarantee and he claims there's "no plausible evidence" the government's energy policy can address reliability, price and emissions reductions altogether.
However, Mr Turnbull said there was "almost universal support across the country" for the plan, including from the minerals industry, manufacturers and unions.
"Our policies are working and the NEG is a very big part of it - it will ensure Australians have reliable and more affordable power," he told reporters.
Mr Abbott is one of a handful of coalition MPs pushing for new coal-fired power plants.
Opposition to the NGE exists not just in the Liberals but also within the Nationals.
Some minor-party MPs are reportedly passing around a list of demands for changes to the guarantee, including a $5 billion fund to support assistance for coal, gas or traditional hydro projects that could deliver electricity around the clock, regardless of the weather.
The Australian, which obtained a copy of the document, says it's being promoted as a "genuine and serious policy position".
Backbencher Michelle Landry says more negotiation is needed and coal must be a part of the guarantee but Nationals minister David Littleproud told ABC he was comfortable with the NEG.
REEF REPORT KEY FINDINGS
• About 30 per cent of corals on the Great Barrier Reef died as a result of the 2016 event.
• 75 per cent of coral mortality occurred in the northern section of the Great Barrier Reef, where 93 per cent of individual reefs between Port Douglas and the Torres Strait were affected.
• Fast-growing corals such as staghorns and tabular species have suffered a "catastrophic die-off".
• Coral mortality has reduced the availability of habitat for fish, leading to a decline in reef fish diversity. Juvenile fish at Lizard Island, for example, have suffered a 40 per cent decrease in settlement.
• Global sea surface temperatures have increased by over 0.2C from 1992 to 2010, increasing the odds of more frequent and prolonged marine heatwaves.
• The return period for global bleaching events has decreased from 27 years in the 1980s to only 5.9 years now.
• The likelihood that the Great Barrier Reef will ever fully recover or return to their pre-bleaching state is low.
• There is little evidence that improving water quality can sufficiently reduce susceptibility of corals to bleaching from marine heatwaves.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Louisville has placed associate men's basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant Jordan Fair on paid administrative leave while the school handles its involvement in a national federal investigation of the sport.
Neither Fair nor Johnson have participated in practices conducted this week by interim coach David Padgett, who was named Sept. 29 as Rick Pitino's replacement. Pitino is on unpaid administrative leave and facing dismissal after 16 seasons in the wake of the probe.
Vince Tyra was named acting athletic director on Tuesday in place Tom Jurich, who's on paid leave pending an Oct. 18 review by trustees. Tyra said in a release Friday that the school is doing due diligence while co-operating with federal authorities and called the decisions regarding Fair and Johnson "an appropriate step at this time."
Johnson is in his fourth season with Louisville; it's Fair's second season on the staff.
Ten people have been arrested in the federal probe of the sport, including four college assistant coaches at different schools and an Adidas executive.
Pitino, 65, is not named in the federal documents and has maintained that he did nothing wrong. His attorney, Steve Pence, has said Louisville "effectively fired" Pitino when they placed him on administrative leave on Sept. 27. The school's Athletics Association on Monday authorized interim university President Greg Postel to begin the process of firing Pitino for cause after 16 seasons as Cardinals coach.
Postel's letter to the Hall of Fame coach on Wednesday said the action arises out of his conduct over a period of years and noted his involvement in two recent scandals involving the program — including the current federal investigation.
The NCAA in June placed Louisville on four years' probation and has ordered the vacation of up to 123 victories — including its 2013 national championship — as a result of a sex scandal . The school and Pitino, who was suspended for five games, are appealing those sanctions.
___
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
The violence that accompanied a white nationalist rally Charlottesville, Virginia Saturday can be traced to the political climate and culture fostered by President Donald J. Trump, U.S. Sen. Ed Markey said Monday.
"What happened in Charlottesville is a result of a culture that has been created across our country," Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat, said after an an unrelated event in Boston. "President Trump ran on a platform of making America great again, but what he's really done is give America permission to make America hate again."
Trump has condemned the violence, which left one woman dead, delivering a statement Monday in which he said: "As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America."
Heather Heyer, 32, was killed and 19 people were injured when a man said to have Nazi sympathies drove a car into crowd of counter-protesters at Saturday's "Unite the Right" rally. Two state troopers who were monitoring the crowds died in a helicopter crash a few miles from the site of the disturbances.
"Racism is evil," Trump said Monday. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
Markey said Trump will be judged by his actions and by what types of prosecutions Attorney General Jeff Sessions brings through the U.S. Department of Justice. He criticized Trump for taking too long to speak out, and for creating an environment where minorities do not believe their rights will be protected.
Turning to a "Free Speech Rally" planned on the Boston Common this week, Markey said he trusts Boston Mayor Marty Walsh and the Boston Police Department to put protections in place to reduce the chances of violence.
"It is going to be imperative that safeguards be put in place to make sure it's not used as a basis for violence, which unfortunately too many of these KKK and Nazi sympathizers are really interested in," Markey said.
Markey declined to weigh in on whether the rally should be issued any necessary permits, saying he will leave it to the mayor and the police to consider the protesters' First Amendment rights to free speech while not allowing anything that will heighten the likelihood of violence.
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
South Korea's health and beauty chains are moving to expand their businesses, as the market continues to grow despite overall weak consumer sentiment that has hurt the rest of the distribution sectors, industry data showed Tuesday.Health and beauty stores are the Korean version of drug stores. They sell cosmetics, beauty products, medicines, dietary supplements, snacks and goods of diverse global brands that are difficult to purchase in traditional retail stores.In 2016, Korea's top health and beauty store operator Olive Young reported annual sales of 1.12 trillion won ($986.9 million), up 47.1 percent on-year, compared with 300 billion won in 2012. Olive Young's annual growth also reached almost 40 percent over the past five years.Backed by its health and beauty sector's performance, the brand operator CJ Olive Networks posted 1.4 trillion won of sales and 80 billion won of operating profit in the first quarter of this year.CJ Olive Networks operates around 850 stores across the nation, as of 2016, a threefold increase from 270 branches in 2012. At the current speed, the number of Olive Young stores in the country will surpass 1,000 by the end of the year, market insiders forecasted.CJ Olive Networks is also considering opening stores in China and Southeast Asian countries, according to the company's spokesperson.GS Retail's GS Watsons, the second-largest health and beauty player here, has 151 stores nationwide, as of the first half, with sales reaching 146 billion won last year compared to 104 stores that generated 100 billion won in 2014.GS Retail plans to open 30 to 40 more branches this year, as the health and beauty market here is expected to grow further down the road, though its operating profit may remain negative for the rest of the year.During the first half, GS Watsons reported a 2 billion won loss in operating profit.Lotte Group's LOHBs said it posted triple-digit sales growth in 2015 and 2016, and expects to achieve 80 percent on-year growth this year.By Shim Woo-hyun (ws@heraldcorp.com)
A spy image of Roewe eRX5 SUV, which has a top speed of 135 km/hr and can charge as much as 80% in 40 minutes.
Mumbai: Morris Garages (MG) Motor India Pvt. Ltd, the local unit of the iconic British carmaker that is now owned by China's SAIC Motor Corp. Ltd, is testing two electric vehicles (EVs) in the Halol area of Gujarat to determine their range in Indian climatic and driving conditions, a person familiar with the development said.
The range of an EV is the distance it can cover on a single charge.
The two EVs are the fully electric Roewe eRX5 SUV (sport utility vehicle) and the SAIC E100 mini car, the person said on condition of anonymity. Roewe is a luxury brand introduced by SAIC in 2006. The vehicles being tested have a range of 425km and 155km, respectively, are left-hand drives, and have been imported from China.
MG Motors India confirmed the development in an e-mail response to Mint queries, without divulging further details. “We have started testing some EV options in some regions of western India to gauge the range and suitability of the vehicles in different driving and climatic conditions,” said Rajeev Chaba, president and managing director of the firm.
“We may try it in different parts of the country as well, based on the present outcome of testing,” Chaba added.
The E100, considered a highly suitable choice for daily urban commutes in China because of its compact structure, is powered by a single motor that produces 110 Nm of torque and 29 kW of motoring power. With a maximum speed of 100 km/h, the E100 can be fully charged in 7.5 hours.
The Roewe eRX5 has a top speed of 135 km/hr and can charge as much as 80% in 40 minutes.
MG's foray into India is SAIC's attempt to gain a foothold in the burgeoning auto market here, after General Motors Corp., SAIC's joint venture partner in China, exited India in May 2017. SAIC is one of the largest EV makers in China and the world, and is expected to be “as involved as possible” in MG's India operations, Chaba had said in a March interview.
Having spent more than $3 billion on the development of dense batteries, plug-in hybrids, fuel cell vehicles and battery EVs, SAIC will share its technical know-how with MG, according to Chaba.
“We are choosing the most relevant platforms available with SAIC to provide the right car at the right price. This will be true for all our launches here. Then, we would have to make lots of changes to those platforms to suit Indian conditions, tastes and regulations,” Chaba said.
With an investment of more than Rs5,000 crore over the next six years in India, MG plans to build its entire portfolio of vehicles, including EVs, at its Halol plant in Gujarat, under its own badging, with the aim of sourcing 80% of components locally.
MG Motors is “keenly looking forward to work with all relevant stakeholders to set up a suitable ecosystem for EVs”, as it is prepared on the technical front, however, cites the importance of having a “comprehensive EV policy and related infrastructure,”said Chaba.
The scheme will cover about 60,000 institutional child sexual abuse survivors nationally, with compensation payments capped at $150,000.
The scheme will cover about 60,000 institutional child sexual abuse survivors nationally, with compensation payments capped at $150,000.
FOUR out of five child sexual abuse survivors will be covered by the $3.8 billion national redress scheme, following a decision by Anglicans, Salvos, the Scouts and YMCA to join the Catholic church in endorsing it.
Flanked by institution representatives in Canberra on Thursday, Social Services Minister Dan Tehan said those who had yet to sign up would be judged by the public and thanked those who had.
"For owning up to past wrongs, to owning up to behaviour that can only be described as despicable and deplorable, to turn a page," he told reporters.
The Anglican Church had reached an "in-principle agreement" to join, a day after the Catholic Church said it would sign up to the scheme.
It would form an independent incorporated entity to provide a single point of engagement for Anglican dioceses, schools and welfare agencies.
The dioceses of Melbourne, Brisbane and Tasmania have already resolved to join and others are expected soon.
"We think this will be a very important part of the process for the healing of survivors of abuse," Bishop Stephen Pickard told reporters.
The YMCA also said on Thursday it was working with all 19 YMCAs across Australia to help ensure it can be part of the scheme, once it is expected to start in July.
"We can't change the past for survivors but we can change their future," YMCA Australia chief executive officer Melinda Crole said.
"The YMCA hopes survivors of sexual abuse will finally feel heard, have the support and recognition they deserve."
Scouts Australia chief commissioner Neville Tomkins praised the government for providing the scheme to recognise the impact of "horrific crimes".
Major Brad Halse said the Salvation Army was "profoundly sorry" for the abuse children suffered, and his organisation wants to be ready for the redress scheme from July 1.
Legislation to enable the opt-in scheme passed federal parliament's lower house on Tuesday night, and Mr Tehan said the scheme could begin on July 1 if it passed the Senate.
The Catholic Church has estimated it will itself be liable for about $1 billion in compensation.
Mr Tehan was hopeful the last state yet to join, Western Australia, would sign up in the next couple of weeks, after reaching an agreement with state attorney-general John Quigley.
The scheme will cover about 60,000 institutional child sexual abuse survivors nationally, with compensation payments capped at $150,000.
CEP
LAWRENCE–Doing something good for the bottom line can be good for the environment and community too.
That's the story that one company in Lawrence, Kan., is planning to tell to state and local legislators, and community and business leaders at an upcoming open house where Kansas Secretary of Commerce Antonio Soave is scheduled to speak.
Build SMART (buildsmartna.com) is a manufacturer of modular wall panels and foundation forms that make extremely energy-efficient construction affordable and simple. Late last year, owners of sister companies Build SMART and PROSOCO investigated how a solar array installed on the Build SMART building's rooftop would affect its energy bills and its bottom line.
The results were surprising – they would yield a return on investment and immediate cost savings for both companies. Company officials learned that the panels will save $14,000 in the first year, and $592,000 over 25 years. A return on investment will be realized within just six years of installation, and the community and state will benefit from the reduction of peak power demand on the electric utility. As an added benefit, the implementation of the solar array aligns with both companies' focus on providing energy-efficient products and services to the construction industry.
“The decision to invest in solar energy came from a desire for our operations to match the energy-efficient, resilient properties of our products,” said David Boyer, President and CEO of Build SMART and PROSOCO. “Throughout the process, we realized that it's really not as difficult or cost-prohibitive as we'd anticipated, and that's the lesson we want to share with our neighbors, community and elected officials. Regardless of whether you live in a state that's business-friendly for renewable energy or not, solar energy can benefit your bottom line, your community and the environment. That's what we hope to demonstrate.”
At the open house scheduled for Tuesday, April 18, from 9:30-11 a.m., Kansas Secretary of Commerce Antonio Soave is scheduled to speak, as well as officials from Build SMART, PROSOCO, solar array provider Brightergy and the Clean Energy Business Council. Tours, refreshments and a micro-exhibit of vendors will also be available for the media.
The Clean Energy Business Council, part of the Hutchinson-based Climate and Energy Project (CEP), expands opportunities for business access to wind, solar, geothermal and waste-heat recovery systems and energy efficiency in Kansas and the Greater Kansas City Metro.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MIHAL
This week, staff writer Isabella Cordaro talks with Stephanie Mihal about the upcoming Looking Cool for Back To School Fashion Show benefitting Employment Opportunity Training Center.
Residence: Dalton
Professional background:She is a certified public accountant and is director of McGrail Merkel Quinn & Associates P.C., Scranton.
Title: President of EOTC's board of directors
Q: What was the inspiration and purpose for this event?
A: Since Employment Opportunity Training Center was initially founded as a women's self-sufficiency program, Vintage Emporium (our original name for this event) was launched as a women-helping-women charity fashion show. Now in its fifth year, EOTC and Style Encore have partnered to raise awareness and funds for EOTC's programs, which support family stability and economic self-sufficiency. Just as EOTC helps everyone any age at any stage of their lives, Style Encore and its partners offer affordable clothes and accessories for the whole family.
Q: Tell us about what you have planned.
A: This year's fashion show is open to the public and has expanded across three stores, Style Encore, Plato's Closet and Once Upon A Child. The models range in age from toddlers to grandmothers, all volunteers. Beginning at 5 p.m., each store will offer activities like makeup application, face-painting and refreshments to kick off the festivities. At 6:15, attendees will take their seats under a tent staged with lights and sound for the runway show. WBRE-TV reporter and anchor Lauren Hensley will be the emcee for the fashion show. Tickets can be purchased in advance at EOTC and Style Encore or at the door.
Q:How will proceeds be used?
A:Proceeds will benefit local children and families involved in EOTC programs. Each year, EOTC serves about 5,000 residents in its prevention and education services, ranging from child development and after-school programs to employment assistance for struggling parents.
Q: Why is community support so important?
A: EOTC addresses the barriers that many local families face and offers services like parenting help for a new mom, after-school mentoring or job-search assistance for a dislocated worker. This fundraiser is unique in that children as well as adults are raising money to support their friends and neighbors. EOTC, as well as other non-profit agencies, is seeing cuts in government funding which supports human service agencies. EOTC relies on this type of fundraiser to continue offering programs to families at no charge.
If you go:
What: Looking Cool for Back To School Fashion Show
When: Thursday, Aug. 17, 5 p.m.
Where: Style Encore, 1007 Commerce Blvd., Dickson City
Details: Tickets are $25 for general admission, $5 for students and free for kids under 12. For more information, call 570-348- 6484 or visit EOTC's Facebook page.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BBC bosses have been slammed for refusing to apologise for Monty Don's elephant ride – as footage emerged of the animals where he filmed in chains and being beaten.
The Mirror told this week how the presenter has come under fire for visiting Amer Fort, north of Jaipur, India, on an elephant in his Paradise Gardens show, on BBC2 last week.
The BBC declined to comment at the time but have since responded to an animal welfare campaigner who lodged a formal complaint.
It said the production team had carried out an inspection and found no evidence of mistreatment.
But shocking footage of the animals, which are used to ferry tourists to and from the Amer Fort, has since emerged showing the elephants shackled.
A picture of the same animals used at the fort from last year also shows one being attacked by eight men carrying heavy sticks and iron bullhooks.
A tour guide told the visitors who took the picture that the violence meted out was because elephants “act out” in the heat.
(Image: BBC)
In an email to Audrey Gaffney, of Action for Elephants, the BBC said: “We would like to reassure you the team firstly looked into how the elephants were treated.
“They found that there are rules and practices in place to help ensure the well-being of the elephants at Amer Fort and, after extensive discussions, the team were satisfied elephants here were treated well and in good health. They also saw no signs whatsoever of any cruelty in the handling of the elephant.”
But Audrey told the Mirror: “It is unlikely if a TV crew were to inspect the elephant handlers they would openly show cruelty. The BBC failed in its ­objective of balanced reporting.
(Image: BBC)
“It was astounding it allowed the real cruelty these creatures endure not only to be glossed over but to be promoted.”
Will Travers, president of Born Free Foundation, said: “Did they have an elephant welfare expert with them? How do they not get the wider picture, that by Monty doing it and the BBC promoting it, others will follow suit?”
Riding the animal, Monty said: “It's the appropriate way, because it's how the Raja would arrive.”
But many wild elephants are tamed by “crushing”, where they are restrained in a cage and sometimes beaten.
BBC star Nicky Campbell , an animal rights advocate, had hit out , saying: “It's just as we were progressing on informing people of abuse. Utterly appalling. With all the good the BBC is doing too.”
News Feature
Blue Hill Originally published in Castine Patriot, June 8, 2017 and Island Ad-Vantages, June 8, 2017 and The Weekly Packet, June 8, 2017 Dance with Blue Hill Bach this summer
Blue Hill Bach's upcoming summer festival on July 20-22 will include a production of George Frideric Handel's opera-ballet Terpsicore at the “Baroque Café” on Friday, July 21. New York City-based Baroque dance specialist Carlos Fittante will create choreography for Handel's music, named after the goddess of dance.
Dancers at all levels and ages are welcome to participate in the production, and no previous Baroque dance experience is required. Join Fittante and his dance partner, Alexis Silver, to dance the chaconne, gigue, sarabande, and passepied.
Baroque dance, the predecessor to classical ballet, is rooted in French court dances. Its elegance and passion speak to all ages and backgrounds, according to a news release. Choreography for this production's ensemble dances will highlight spatial pathways, rhythmic stepping, and period pantomime skills to be taught during the rehearsal period, July 10-21.
Interested in learning about Baroque dance but not performing? Fittante offers workshops for dancers, musicians and the general public. For information go to bluehillbach.org.
For information about Terpsicore rehearsals, send your name, email and phone number with a note about any previous dance experience to Marcia@bluehillbach.org, or phone 590-2677.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Community leaders in Nailsea and Backwell are to join forces - to challenge a planning blueprint setting out where thousands of new homes will be built in the area over the next 20 years.
Nailsea Town Council and Backwell Parish Council have agreed to consider taking a joint approach on questioning the Joint Spatial Plan (JSP) which details where new homes will be built up until 2036.
The plan - which has now been submitted to the Government - has been put together by the four West of England authorities.
A total of 102,000 homes, along with associated infrastructure including new roads and community facilities, are planned across the region over the next 20 years.
'Special' green fields on outskirts of Bristol saved from development following ruling by Secretary of State
The plan has earmarked up to 3,300 new homes on the south western fringes of Nailsea.
The scheme would see a large swathe of land between the rugby club and the edge of Nailsea Moor swallowed up by housing.
The plan also includes a new local centre, new employment provision, four new primary schools and a new secondary school.
A new road link is also being proposed which would connect junction 20 of the M5 at Clevedon to the A370 Long Ashton Bypass.
The scheme would see the population of Nailsea increase by a staggering 50 per cent over the next two decades.
Several hundred homes are also being planned on land at Grove Farm on the western outskirts of Backwell.
Nailsea councillors say that new homes are needed in the town but in the correct location.
Instead they want to see development wrapped around the town and are calling for a green belt review to open up land to allow it.
Human circle of 600 protesters formed around Backwell Lake over 'devastating' road and housing plans
In Backwell, parish leaders say the development on agricultural land is unsustainable and will put additional pressure on local infrastructure and services.
Villagers are also concerned about the detrimental impact the new link road – which would pass next to Backwell Lake – would have on the wildlife rich beauty spot.
(Image: Matt Willis Photography)
Both councils are also keen to see the green buffer between the two communities protected in the planning blueprint.
Now both councils are considering funding a planning consultant to challenge aspects of the JSP.
Concerns for future of rare wildflower meadow after site is sold to new owners
Nailsea Town Council clerk Ian Morrell said councillors were keen to see the issue of housing numbers and the location of new developments kept as separate issues.
Mr Morrell said: "We do want to see housing growth in Nailsea but based on a rational plan.
“Nailsea and Backwell want to be constructive regarding the JSP process. We want to engage in the planning process to try and do our best for our local communities.
Campaigners write open letter over 'horrifying' plans for 2,800 new homes and M5 junction in North Somerset
“We want to challenge some of the fundamental assumptions ahout site allocations and the necessary infrastructure in the JSP.
“At the moment the JSP does not suit either of our communities. The infrastructure is not in place and the details have not been properly thought through.
“There needs to be further consultation on where these houses should go.
“We are in discussions with Backwell Parish Council about jointly employing a planning consultant to put forward these arguments.”
The plan is currently with the Government.
It will then be examined in public by an independent planning inspector, who will then make a report back to the local authorities, which may include proposed amendments.
Once satisfied that the plan meets all planning rules and laws, the four councils must adopt it, giving it statutory authority.
At that point the approved JSP would sit above and guide the review of the councils' own local plans.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CONTRIBUTED PHOTO Lauren Liuzzo was the top female finisher at the Tucson (Arizona) Marathon in December, winning in a personal-best time of two hours, 59 minutes, 25 seconds.
Lauren Liuzzo has run 18 marathons.
Besides Boston, which she ran seven times, the only other race she has run more than once is the Steamtown Marathon.
When the starting cannon goes off Sunday morning at
8 at Forest City High School for the 22nd annual, 26.2-mile trek to downtown Scranton, Liuzzo again will be in the field. This time, the 29-year-old from Acton, Massachusetts, is considered one of the top contenders to be the first female finisher.
Liuzzo attended and ran cross country at the University of Massachusetts for two years, then transferred to Elon University, from where she graduated in 2010.
She ran her first marathon in 2009 for her 21st birthday — March 17 — at the Shamrock Sportsfest in Virginia Beach and finished in
5 hours, 31 minutes, 11 seconds.
In 2012, Liuzzo signed up with some friends to run Steamtown for the first time. A stress fracture in her foot, however, prevented her from running. Her friends still ran and returned home with rave reviews.
“They absolutely loved it,” Liuzzo said. “So the following year, I signed up and did it. And I absolutely loved it. I love the course. It works for me because it has that downhill elevation. It forces you to be a smart runner and that helps me in terms of my pacing.”
The fans along the course were something Liuzzo also enjoyed. She liked the local feel it created.
“I've done bigger races and there's so many people everywhere, which I don't love so much,” she said. “But the support of the towns (at Steamtown), you feel like you're a part of a community.”
At the 2013 Steamtown Marathon, Liuzzo was the 11th female finisher (103rd overall) in 3:04:50.
However, it wasn't until last year that she returned to Steamtown. In between she ran Boston; the Empire State Marathon in Syracuse, New York, in October 2015; and the Myrtle Beach Marathon in South Carolina in March 2016, where she was the first female finisher in 3:02:58.
“I kind of use running to see the world and visit other places,” Liuzzo said. “So those years I didn't run (Steamtown), I ran in other cities.
“But last year, I decided I really wanted to give Steamtown another shot. I was trying to break three hours.”
Her bid came up just short. She ran 3:01:32 and was the seventh female finisher (67th overall).
Two months later, she attained her goal. She ran a personal-best 2:59:25 and was the top female finisher at the Tucson Marathon in Arizona. She credits Steamtown with an assist for the victory.
“When I was training for Steamtown last summer, I developed Achilles tendinitis. It caused me to scale back on training a bit,” Liuzzo said. “So going into Steamtown last year, I was not 100 percent or where wanted to be in my training.
“When ran 3:01, saw how my recovery was going and how my body handled the race, I bounced right back into training and found a race down the road, which was Tucson. So Steamtown ended up being like a prep race for me to ultimately break three hours at Tucson.”
This year for Steamtown, Liuzzo is projecting a time of 2:55, which puts her in the mix to be the first female across the finish line in front of Courthouse Square.
A broken nose she recently suffered while playing soccer, however, has hampered her final preparations for the race.
“I'd like to win, but I kind of have to see how it plays out and what kind of day it is,” Liuzzo said.
One advantage she could have is her past experience in the race. The other top competitors are running Steamtown for the first time.
“It's easy to go out too fast on this course and that could be trouble,” Liuzzo said. “Once the course flattens out a little bit, your quads can take a beating.
“I can't just go with the pack and stay with them. I have to stay within my plan, knowing how I run on that course.”
When she's not running, Liuzzo is a middle school math teacher in Massachusetts. She also is the middle school cross-country coach.
“I'm sharing my love for running with the kids,” she said.
This time, Liuzzo hopes her visit to Steamtown adds up to victory.
Contact the writer:
swalsh@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 ext. 5109;
@swalshTT on Twitter
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kim Kardashian is getting naked yet again after coming up with a very unique design for her fragrance range.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star completely stripped off in order to mould perfume bottles in the shape of her body.
The mum-of-three bared all as she posed up in all her glory for an Instagram snap.
The 37-year-old added slight blurring over her nipples and private parts and was covered in a clay-like substance in the racy picture.
"We made a mold my body and made it a perfume bottle. @kkwfragrance," she said as she shared the revealing image.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Twitter)
"that's pretty cool," one fan sais.
While another dubbed it: "Amazing!"
"wooooooow," one commented.
And one told the star: "So cool!! Great idea"
This is the second time tonight that Kim has bared all on social media.
Earlier tonight, she took to Twitter to promote her perfume range with a string of naked pictures.
One snap focuses on her bottom half.
Everything from her toned tummy to her, erm, completely hair-free private parts are on display.
(Image: Twitter)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Slight tan lines leave behind the outline of a tiny pair of knickers, while the star protects what's left of her modesty by crossing her legs.
A second picture features her top half, minus her head.
Her left arm is crossed over her body to hide her nipples, although one still made an appearance and had to be blurred.
Kim's ample assets again reveal slight tan lines, and her au natural look is finished off with a slight slick of pale nail varnish.
The reality beauty then brought both images together in a collage sure to make eyes pop out of people's heads in a cartoon-like fashion.
She captioned each snap with a link to the official website for her perfume.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
Kim's followers were viciously divided over the snaps.
While some praised her for being a modern woman who celebrates her body, others slammed her for flashing the flesh.
One said: "So f*****g embarrassing. You have an amazing body but I feel sorry for your kids when they grow up and their friends see this s**t"
And another hit back: "Girl it's 2018... we aren't in 1850, she and all women should be able to show and do anything they want with their own body. I.e it's not your body so why are you so pressed? Is she posting your body? No! So why do you care so much?"
One celebrated Kim, writing: "Why is everyone so against this? There's nothing wrong or disgusting about the naked body. Why would her kids be ashamed of this? She looks INCREDIBLE. If I had her body I'd be showing it off too."
But another said: "We are tired of her naked body.. We've see it already.. "
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann raved about skipper Chris Forrester's performance in today's (January 2) 1-1 draw with Scunthorpe at the ABAX Stadium.
And with good reason. Forrester was outstanding in midfield against high-flying opponents.
Posh centre-back Ryan Tafazolli competes in the air with Scunthorpe's Charlie Goode. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
The Peterborough Telegraph was also impressed with the dominant defensive display of Michael Bostwick.
Luke McGee: One remarkable double save in the first-half and one very important one on the final minutes. Beaten by the pace of a superb free-kick and one jittery moment under a high ball late on, but overall very good again 7.5
Michael Smith: Excellent cross led to the Posh equaliser and then popped up to make a terrific headed save off the goal-line. Strong defensive performance from the Northern Irishman 7
Andrew Hughes: Some fine positioning enabled the other Posh full-back to make another headed save off the line in the last minute. The odd difficult moment againt a pacy and tricky winger, but stuck to his task well 6.5
Posh substitute Lee Angol in action at Scunthorpe. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
Michael Bostwick: Superb display at the heart of the Posh defence. Can't remember a challenge in the air or on the deck that he didn't win. Impressive 9
Ryan Tafazolli: Collected an early caution after one sloppy early moment, but he was very strong and competitive for the most part. This is a rock solid Posh centre-back pairing 7
Chris Forrester: Seemed to be in the thick of the action for 90 minutes. Pretty much ran the Posh show from midfield with a dymanic display full of athleticism and accurate passing. Outstanding 9
Gwion Edwards: An off day for the Welsh midfielder which ended early with a half-time substitution. A changed Posh system just didn't work as the midfielders, apart from Forrester, lost possession too easily 5
Martin Samuelsen: Took too many touches on the ball which ruined a couple of promising second-half positions. Understandably rusty as hasn't played much League football 5
Marcus Maddison: He tried hard up and down the right wing, but, aside from the odd cross, he didn't cause enough problems for the home defence given the possession he enjoyed 5.5
Paul Taylor: Another frustrating day full of turns past opponents and wayward passes. Hauled off after 45 minutes 5
Junior Morias: A surprise to see him start. This was a big jump up in standard against a top defence at this level. He was anonymous in the first-half when up front on his own, but showed glimpses of potential after the break when partnered by Lee Angol 5
Substitutes Leo Da Silva Lopes: (for Edwards, 46 mins). Added energy and ball-winning ability to the Posh midfield 6
Lee Angol: (for Taylor, 46 mins) Added strength to the forward line. Put himself about 6
Tom Nichols: (for Morias, 80 mins).
Jerome Binnom-Williams: (not used).
Callum Chettle: (not used).
Hayden White: (not used).
Mark Tyler: (not used).
In a now-deleted Facebook clip from Friday, D.C. councilman Trayon White Sr. blamed the weather on Jewish people, specifically one prominent Jewish family. The Washington Post reported the D.C. councilman uploaded a clip of himself talking about the cold weather and propagating an anti-Semitic myth that Jewish families like The Rothschilds were "controlling the climate." In his clip, White Sr. said,
Man, it just started snowing out of nowhere this morning, man. Y'all better pay attention to this climate control, man, this climate manipulation. And D.C. keep talking about, 'We a resilient city.' And that's a model based off the Rothschilds controlling the climate to create natural disasters they can pay for to own the cities, man. Be careful.
The Post reported that White Sr.'s comments elicited criticism and condemnation. According to the newspaper, Rabbi Daniel Zemel of Washington's Temple Micah commented on White Sr.'s conspiracy theory, calling it utterly unacceptable.
This kind of anti-Semitism is unacceptable in any public official. This so diminishes what America is about and adds to the oppressive feeling going on in the country right now. We all have to be better. Public officials have to learn not to say the first ignorant thing that comes into their head.
When The Post asked White Sr. to comment on his clip, the councilman at first defended his remarks and said, "The video says what it says."
Later on, White Sr. posted a screenshot of his own apology. In the tweet, he says, "In response to my social media post on Friday, as [a] leader I work hard every day to combat racism and prejudices of all kinds. I want to apologize to the Jewish Community and anyone I have offended. The Jewish community [has] been allies with me in my journey to help people."
White Sr. also wrote, "I did not intend to be anti-Semitic, and I see I should not have said that learning from my colleagues. I have spoken [sic] to leaders and my friends at Jews United for Justice and they are helping me to understand the history of comments made against Jews." He added, "I am committed to figuring out ways [to] continue to be allies with them and others."
Soon after he published his apology, White Sr.'s colleague, Brianne Nadeau shared a post on Facebook saying that she forgave White Sr. as a Jewish woman and looked forward to him not repeating the same remarks. Nadeau said,
As the Council Member representing the most diverse ward in the District, I understand how important it is to build bridges between our marginalized communities. My experiences of persecution as a Jew, and the experiences of my ancestors, are at the core of what drives me to serve the community.
She added, "My Jewish values tell me to help those less fortunate than I am, to work to repair the world and to do something when I see injustice. My Jewish values also teach me forgiveness."
Nadeau went on to say that she looked forward to White Sr. learning "from this experience" and added that she hoped that "we can serve the diverse people of the District of Columbia with a focus on lifting each other up, rather than tearing one another down." Other organizations like Jews United For Justice also tweeted that they forgave White for his remarks.
Anti-Semitic myths like Jewish people "controlling" weather systems are, unfortunately, nothing new. They seem to be part of a larger set of anti-Semitic conspiracy theories, like some right-wing thinkers baselessly claiming billionaire hedge fund owner George Soros funds political protests in the United States. Cause for concern is understandable as the Anti-Defamation League said that there had been an unprecedented 57 percent uptick in anti-Semitism between 2016 and 2017.
The Journal
Whitefield firefighters work to clean debris from the roadway after a single vehicle accident on Dorchester Road Sunday morning. The driver of a sport utility vehicle ran off the right side of the road and struck a traffic control sign and then ran off the left side of the road and struck another. The vehicle then overturned and came to rest on its wheels on the right side of the road. No one was injured. (Photo by David Rogers)
Each week PewterReport.com's Mark Cook answers your submitted questions about the Bucs. You can have your question answered by asking on Twitter using the #PRMailbag hashtag. Here are this week's five questions.
Question: Do you think Jameis Winston's deep pass percentage will go up with DeSean Jackson's signing?
Answer: Well it almost has too, right? There isn't a media member who loves Winston's overall game more than I do, but it isn't perfect. And my biggest criticism has been his deep ball. People assume that because he has a pretty good arm, that he automatically would be a great deep ball passer. But even in college it wasn't his greatest attribute. First of all, the deep ball is really a low percentage pass. So many factors go into it, and then there is a luck factor involved. It is easy to say, “well just practice it.” And believe me, he does. But he can't go out in the Florida sun over the summer and ask Mike Evans to run 50 go routes to get their timing down. And just like in a game, receivers have more juice at certain times.
If the Bucs are on a drive where they have been primarily throwing the ball, then Dirk Koetter calls a go-route, Evans, or Adam Humphries and even DeSean Jackson only have so much left in the tank at that moment. Trying to determine where to lead a receiver 30 or more yards down the field isn't easy when the player is fresh, much less when there are six minutes left in the fourth quarter and it is 93 degrees on a September afternoon. That isn't even taking into account the time it takes for deep routes to develop down field, with a quarterback avoiding pressure.
With that said, there is little more deflating to a crowd of 60,000 fans standing and screaming and they see a receiver break free an the quarterback misses him with an overthrow. You can literally hear the air being let out of the stadium. So, Winston must get better. And I think with Jackson it does, but it won't happen overnight. Getting that timing down will be crucial. The good news is, I don't know if Winston can throw a ball far enough that Jackson can't run under. How many receivers has he had in the NFL that we can say that about?
Question: Why not strike a deal now with Mike Evans while Bucs still have $40 mill in cap space?
Answer: The Bucs would love to, but obviously in the middle of free agency, the market is too unstable as prices are still being established. When the 49ers are throwing $16 million to Garcon, and the other free agent receivers are still negotiating deals, it throws the market out of whack a little. Trust me, both sides have a pretty good idea of what it will take to get it done, but neither side wants to just throw their cards on the table just yet. Evans will most likely end up as the top paid receiver in the NFL soon, and my guess would be sometime this summer, perhaps on the eve of training camp in July.
If you haven't yet, take a few minutes, well a lot of minutes, and read SR's latest Fab 5. In it he talks specifically about the Bucs and Evans, and what a new deal will most likely look like.
Question: Who do the Bucs target as a backup QB with Glennon gone and Foles in Philadelphia?
Answer: That is a good question. And it may be no one at all. Although, personally, I would love to see the team bring in a veteran presence – and it isn't necessarily to win games in case Winston goes down. Fact is, if Winston is lost for the season, in all likelihood, the year is over – Raiders fans would agree. But regardless of Winston's leadership and work ethic, and all of the other intangibles, having someone who has seen it all makes sense to have in the building. Believe it or not, one of the most highly respected players on this team a few years ago was backup quarterback Dan Orlovsky. And it certainly wasn't for his athletic prowess, but instead his number of years in the league and his understanding of the game.
Is Winston light years ahead of most third-year quarterbacks? You bet. But could it help to have a veteran in the meeting rooms, locker room and even on the sideline during game? I would say yes, without a doubt. Now, with that said, quarterbacks are competitors and they all think they can play and be effective. So finding the right veteran would be imperative. The last thing you need is a backup dividing a locker room the minute Winston goes through a potential slump mid-season. The Bucs don't need a Chris Chandler, or Casey Weldon situation arising. How would fans feel about Josh McCown? Personally, I thought he was the perfect guy the year Winston was drafted, but obviously the team felt differently.
Question: What do you think of Jason Licht's strategy of signing bridge free agents, then drafting the same position?
Answer: I don't know quite yet, I think the jury is still out, but there is a fine line between going total rebuild mode, and also staying competitive. I think a couple scenarios where it looks like great ideas, wast last season with the drafting of Vernon Hargreaves and Noah Spence, while also signing Brent Grimes and Robert Ayers. Licht is as competitive of a front office executive as I have met, however. He hates to lose. He is distraught after a loss. I have seen it first hand multiple times. That is just his nature. And I think that plays into it as well. I think it will work out fine in the long run, but you do bring up and interesting point, and one worth keeping an eye on.
Question: Could/would Bucs use Charles Sims as trade bait to move up a bit to pick a RB in the draft? Is he even worth much?
Answer: I think you kind of answered it in the second half of your question. While we saw two years ago the value of Sims, we also saw the lack of value last season when he was asked to take on a completely different role. Couple that with his injury history, and I don't see a lot of trade value. I think the Bucs would be wise to keep Sims this season and see if he and whoever the featured back can recapture the magic of 2015, when he and Doug Martin were the NFL's best running back duo.
THE SECOND girl mowed down in a fatal hit-and-run collision on New Year's Eve has died, police said.
Zaneta Krokova, 11, was holding the hand of her 12-year-old cousin Helina Kotlarova when they were hit by a blue Peugeot 807 in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
The scene in Ashton Road, Oldham
The girls had just come out of a shop near their homes when they were struck in Ashton Road at around 7.15pm.
Greater Manchester Police said that Miss Krokova died yesterday morning.
Her older cousin was killed at the scene.
The news came after police questioned five men after two girls were mown down in a hit-and-run incident.
Police said five men aged 23, 59, 48, 38 and 18 have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and are in custody for questioning.
Officers are appealing for anyone who saw a dark coloured Peugeot 807 in the area at the time and the driver of a white van to come forward.
Helina's mother Sylva and father Robert raced to the scene but she was declared dead by medics as her distraught mother stroked her hair.
On New Year's Day, the family of seven sisters and one brother, who came to England from the Czech Republic eight years ago, sat in tears mourning Helina.
Her father sat with his head in his hands, his wife weeping, while other red-eyed members of the family sat in silence in the kitchen of their terraced home.
Helina's sister Sylva, 19, told how the family rushed to the scene 100 yards from their home seconds after the crash.
She said: “Her face was all bloody. She did not breathe. Mum was touching her hair.”
The driver of the car did not stop and a police hunt for him was launched. Miss Kotlarova said the girls were with a larger group of family and friends who had already crossed the road, one of the main routes in and out of Oldham town centre.
The Chicago Cubs announced their starting lineup for National League Division Series Game One against the Washington Nationals Friday.An NLDS Game One watch party is planned for Friday outside Wrigley Field.But even though the game is in Washington, D.C. security around Wrigley will be tight.As preparations for the large crowds began Friday morning, public safety and security remained a concern in the wake of the mass shooting in Las Vegas earlier this week.The Chicago Police Department plans to deploy more officers over the weekend to assist with the event, city officials said.Despite the security challenge, Sports World Chicago owner Brad Rosen said he wasn't worried."We've been waiting all year, and we just can't wait for the playoffs to start again," Rosen said. "The energy in the neighborhood is exciting."The watch party is a ticketed event and will open about an hour before game time.First pitch for Friday's game will be thrown by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise at 6:38 p.m. in Washington, D.C.Saturday's game begins at 4:38 p.m., also in Washington.The series arrives at Wrigley for Monday's game, which begins at 3:08 p.m. Tuesday's game starts at 3:08 p.m., also at Wrigley.If Game Five is necessary, it will be held in Washington on Thursday at 5:38 p.m.The Chicago Cubs announced their National League Division Series roster Friday morning.Pitchers on the roster are Carl Edwards Jr., Kyle Hendricks, Brian Duensing, Jon Lester, Justin Wilson, Mike Montgomery, John Lackey, Pedro Strop, Jake Arrieta, Jose Quintana, and Wade Davis.Infielders are Tommy La Stella, Ian Happ, Javier Baez, Kris Bryant, Ben Zobrist, Addison Russell, and Anthony Rizzo.Outfielders are Albert Almora Jr., Kyle Schwarber, Jason Heyward, Leonys Martin, and Jon Jay.Also on the roster are catchers Willson Contreras and Alex Avila.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bath City boss Jerry Gill was pleased with the first outing from Michael Kelly.
The defender joined the Romans on loan from Bristol Rovers last week and went straight into the Bath starting side last Saturday.
Kelly, a former Leicester City youngster, was sent out to gain some first-team experience by Darrell Clarke and the praise from Gill will be a breath of fresh air for the Rovers boss.
(Image: JMP)
Left-back Kelly joined in the summer and impressed over pre-season for the Pirates. He is yet to get his chance for the first-team but is certainly one to watch.
Bath played out another goalless draw at Twerton Park – with Gill singling out Kelly for his performance.
“I thought Michael Kelly came in and did a really steady job at left-back, exactly what it is on the tin,” Gill told the Bath Chronicle. “I knew what he'd give us; he's got a really nice left foot, knows the job, defended really well in one-v-ones and he's a good talker for a loan player.”
Kelly will be at Bath until January 13.
Investigations are ongoing following a report of rape in Clitheroe.
Officers were called at approximately 6am on Sunday, September 24th, to reports that an 18-year-old woman had suffered a serious sexual assault on a footpath close to Whittle Close at approximately 5-30am.
A 26-year-old man from Clitheroe was subsequently arrested on suspicion of rape a short time later and has since been released under investigation.
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact the police on 101 quoting log number 351 of September 24th.
...she persisted. 🗽 @leahmcelrath
The Trump candidacy is a PRODUCT of decades of GOP rhetoric devaluing women and girls, especially WoC.He's not an aberration.
One of the ways the GOP has devalued women throughout my adult life has been by using Hillary Clinton as a surrogate for us all.
The myth of a demonic Hillary Clinton dovetailed with the myths of the "welfare queens" and "unwed mothers" used by the GOP to demonize WoC.
All of this GOP rhetoric is faux-outrage, not actual empathy.It's manipulation designed to woo certain women into downballot GOP voting.
GOP policies do NOT support women, girls, or families.Their legislative and governing actions belie their now-pandering language.
NATIONAL
The Nordic Energy Research Conference on Dec. 7 in Seoul gathered Nordic diplomats, researchers, academics, company executives, government officials and nongovernmental organization leaders, who shared ideas on sustainable energy solutions, policy innovations and civic engagement. (Danish Embassy)
Aided by long-sighted policies and smart technologies, the Nordic countries have grown their economies while cutting down on carbon emissions, effecting what's dubbed the “decoupling.”As the world moves toward a carbon-free future powered by clean energy, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden are poised to spearhead sustainable development and reap its commercial benefits, experts pointed out at the Nordic Energy Research Conference on Thursday.Their technological and policy-related expertise would be instrumental in helping Korea embark on a new development trajectory free from coal, oil and nuclear power, they said at the maiden forum in Seoul.Nordic diplomats, researchers, academics, company executives, government officials and nongovernmental organization leaders participated in the event and shared ideas on sustainable energy solutions, policy innovations and civic engagement.“The Nordic countries are far advanced in their solutions to achieving both their national energy targets -- covering energy security and economic competitiveness -- and global climate obligations,” said Hans Jorgen Koch, chief executive officer of Nordic Energy Research. He added the countries are some 25 years ahead of other nations on average in the electricity sector, proving potentially useful for cooperating with South Korea.According to the Nordic Energy Research, Denmark derived 66 percent of national energy from renewables in 2015, while Norway derived 98 percent, Finland derived 45 percent and Sweden derived 63 percent.Reducing emissions related to buildings -- by expanding district heating networks and phasing out oil-fired boilers -- is a key component of the energy transition, it said. Stable and ambitious carbon taxation, alongside incentives for renewables, have stimulated the growth of bio and wind energies.The Nordic electricity grid facilitates decarbonization by harmonizing the supply and use of electricity between the countries, such as wind power in Denmark and hydropower in Norway and Sweden.“Denmark's transition to a fossil-free nation by 2050 is an ambitious goal and in line with our track record on green growth,” said Danish Ambassador to Korea Thomas Lehmann. “It is important to work together internationally to create common solutions to common problems.”Denmark aims to eliminate coal completely by 2030, supply electricity and heating by renewables by 2035, and completely wean its economy from fossil fuel by 2050, he said.“Finland's prosperity is based on our expertise in using renewable resources,” said Finnish Ambassador to Korea Eero Suominen, adding that over 70 percent of its territory is forest and the country has 188,000 lakes.“The new bio-economy will present opportunities in the smart exploitation of biomass and water resources, using related technologies and value-added products and services.”Norway will become a low carbon society by 2050 by working with domestic and international partners, according to Norwegian Ambassador to Korea Jan Grevstad.Becoming a zero or low carbon economy is a goal shared across Nordic countries, which are at the forefront of worldwide efforts to limit global warming to less than 2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels, the target of the Paris climate agreement.“Leading the transition toward a fossil-fuel society is not only morally right, but also economically smart,” said Swedish Ambassador Anne Hoglund. “Already, electricity production in Sweden is almost fossil-free and policy instruments such as the carbon tax have contributed to replacing coal and oil with bioenergy and wind.”Choe Nam-ho, director general of energy policy at the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, underlined that President Moon Jae-in has pledged to increase the share of renewables to 20 percent by 2030, with solar and wind taking up 80 percent of total renewables.“People-led demands for a cleaner environment free of fine dusts are increasing here in Korea,” he said. “As the world accelerates its transition to green growth, we believe now is the time to orient our energy policies toward responsible, intergenerational development, prioritizing people's safety and health.”Members of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development -- of which Korea is a participant -- are spurring efforts to increase the share of renewables and natural gas, with renewables taking up over 86 percent of new investments in 2015, Choe pointed out.Korea has the lowest share of renewables in the OECD at around 5 percent of the national energy mix, according to the Korea Electric Power Corporation, as well as the highest territorial density of nuclear power plants. The country also continues to rely on coal through the continuing operation of coal power plants.“We will create value-added jobs in the energy sector by actively embracing the ‘fourth industrial revolution,'” the bureaucrat highlighted. “We will begin by reducing the share of nuclear power and coal in our energy mix and replace them with renewables and natural gas.”Korea is in the process of transforming and optimizing its system of energy supply and demand by incorporating the Internet of Things, artificial intelligence and Big Data, among other things, he mentioned.As Korea's energy system becomes decentralized and diversified through renewables and other sources, away from the monopolized nuclear power and oil, the participation of local actors -- governments, residents, NGOs and citizens -- will increase, said Professor Yun Soon-jin of Seoul National University's Graduate School of Environmental Studies.“Stronger policies that encourage citizens' involvement in the decision-making process is required for the energy transition,” she stressed.By Joel Lee (joel@heraldcorp.com)
President Trump and the first lady, Melania Trump, kicked off their first White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn.The Trump family welcomed 21,000 guests for the annual 139th Easter Egg Roll, a tradition that originated nearly 150 years ago, when children would gather on Capitol Hill to roll eggs. The event was moved in 1878 to the president's "backyard," where it's taken place almost every year since."We're going to come out and join you, enjoy your company for a roll -- a great Easter Egg Roll. I don't know if we're going to be successful, but I know a lot of people, they're going to be successful. I've seen those kids, and they're highly, highly competitive," President Trump said while addressing the crowd gathered on the South Lawn from the Truman Balcony, according to ABC News. See photos from the event below:
No one knew officially when it was gonna happen. Sam nor his bride took and posted pics. It was as private as any wedding ever!
That's where TMZ comes in! 😉 Click HERE to see all the awesome pics!!
LEVY COUNTY EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT...NOTICE 6 OCTOBER 2017
LEVY COUNTY E MERGENCY:
EMERGENCY NOTIFICATION
from the Levy County Department of Emergency Management
October6, 2017 5:45 pm
Coastal areas of Levy County should be aware of a potential for some minor coastal flooding over the weekend during high tide cycles. See below information from the National Weather Service.
COASTAL FLOOD ADVISORY IN EFFECT UNTIL 8 PM EDT SUNDAY...
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN TAMPA BAY RUSKIN HAS ISSUED A COASTAL FLOOD ADVISORY...WHICH IS IN EFFECT UNTIL 8 PM EDT SUNDAY.
* COASTAL FLOODING...UP TO 4 FEET MEAN SEA LEVEL AT TIMES OF HIGH TIDES.
* COASTAL FLOOD TIMING...FRIDAY EVENING THROUGH SUNDAY AFTERNOON. GREATEST CONCERN LOOKS TO OCCUR WITH THE SATURDAY EVENING AND SUNDAY MORNING TIDE CYCLES.
* COASTAL FLOOD IMPACTS...MINOR COASTAL FLOODING AND INUNDATION OF LOW LYING COASTAL ROADS.
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS...
A COASTAL FLOOD ADVISORY INDICATES THAT ONSHORE WINDS AND TIDES WILL COMBINE TO GENERATE FLOODING OF LOW AREAS ALONG THE SHORE.
*****
A new report from the Minnesota Housing Partnership highlights the housing challenges facing Minnesota families across the state.
The State of the State's Housing 2017 report shows that one out of every four families in Minnesota is paying more than they can afford for housing, and more than 9,300 Minnesotans faced homelessness in 2015.
“Safe, stable, affordable housing is essential to accessing opportunities in our economy, schools, and state,” said Lt. Governor Tina Smith. “Thanks to the efforts of state, local, and nonprofit partners, homelessness in Minnesota has declined by nine percent since 2012, but more than one in four households still pay more than they can afford for housing. This new report highlights the need to make the kinds of housing investments included in Governor Dayton's Opportunity Agenda, to expand opportunities for every Minnesota family, everywhere in our state.”
Statewide, nearly 550,000 Minnesota families pay more than 30 percent of their income for housing; and while the homeless rate has declined by nine percent since 2012, more than 9,300 Minnesotans still experienced homelessness in 2015, including nearly 3,500 children.
Gov. Mark Dayton is proposing investments as part of his Opportunity Agenda for a Better Minnesota to make safe, stable, and affordable housing more accessible for families across Minnesota. These proposals follow past investments of more than $145 million.
Some Minnesota dairy farmers are in trouble after new Canadian regulations won't allow them to sell their product across the border.
Not only do they risk losing their profits and cattle, but also their jobs.
Spring in Minnesota means a fresh start. The snow has melted, and green blades of grass poke through the ground, but for Paul Johnson, spring means uncertainty.
"We've been searching for the last two weeks for somebody to buy our milk, but we haven't had any luck yet," said Johnson, a herd manager at a La Crescent dairy farm.
On April 4th, Johnson got a letter from Grassland Dairy Products, the farm's distributor, saying they could no longer buy their milk. "The big problem in Canada was they were importing milk when they had milk in Canada and their farmers didn't like it."
This means that if Johnson can't find another distributor by May 1st, he would have to sell all 125 of his dairy cows. "We could dump it down the drain for a little while, but we don't have any income without milk sales so we could probably only do that for about a month." This would eventually put Johnson and his five coworkers out of a job.
On Monday, U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken urged President Trump to support the ten dairy farms affected in Minnesota.
"Sleeping is, you don't do a lot of sleeping. A lot of people are in this boat and obviously we're not all gonna be picked up by somebody. So there's gonna be fall out, and I don't know if I'm gonna be one of them or if I'm not gonna be one of them," said Richard Johnson, a retired dairy farmer.
Richard is Paul's father, and besides being proud of his son, he's proud of the dairy farm that's been in his family for four generations.
"My grandpa immigrated here in 1887 and he bought this farm. I was born here, this is the only place I know. It's the only thing I know. Dairy is a lifestyle, because your life is completely dependent on the dairy. It's everyday, it's 365 a year, twice a day."
The Johnson's hope that their fresh start means keeping the animals they consider members of the family.
"My favorite part for me is working with the cows. If you're having a bad day they're always listening. They're never mad at you, they're always there," said Paul Johnson.
The Johnson's have called over 100 different distributors in two weeks. Paul said he has a few potentials but he's currently playing things by ear.
BOSTON (AP) - A Massachusetts governor's race candidate is shutting down a nonprofit organization that he founded that ended up on a list of U.S.-based hate groups.
Republican Scott Lively has described his Abiding Truth Ministries as pro-family, but his opposition to gay rights has landed him and his Springfield-based ministry on the Southern Poverty Law Center's list of designated hate groups.
Lively said Wednesday he still believes society should follow the Bible as the guide to sexual morality in public policy. But he says he hopes to enlist "authentically conservative homosexuals" and political liberals in his effort to shift his emphasis "to a conservationist perspective in which the natural family is recognized as the essential eco-system of humanity."
Lively hopes to unseat Gov. Charlie Baker in the GOP primary.
Baker calls Lively's views "outrageous."
Hungary Reduces Number Of Asylum-Seekers It Will Admit To 2 Per Day
Enlarge this image toggle caption Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images
Hungary has quietly closed its borders to nearly all asylum seekers, which human rights advocates say violates international laws and is stranding thousands of refugee families in Serbia.
NPR interviewed asylum seekers, refugee advocates and a lawyer with direct knowledge of the near closure and the resulting panic and despair. They report that since Jan. 22, Hungary is allowing only one asylum seeker per day to cross from Serbia into each of its two "transit zones."
The widely criticized zones – surrounded by barbed wire and dotted with shipping containers configured into living space — are the only places asylum seekers entering Hungary are allowed to go unless they already have refugee status from another EU country. U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi last September likened the transit zones to detention centers and called on Hungary to improve access for asylum seekers.
Now, access is reduced to two people per day. Critics of Hungarian refugee policy say what the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban and his ruling Fidesz Party is trying to do is boost approval ratings before parliamentary elections on April 8. They've adopted an anti-refugee platform that's been shaken by the recent revelation that Hungarian authorities approved twice as many asylum applications in 2017 than the year before.
The near closure of the border "is absolutely unbelievable," said Marta Pardavi, co-chair of the Hungarian Helsinki Committee. "This means only unaccompanied minors or single men can get in – no families whatsoever."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Soraya Nelson/NPR Soraya Nelson/NPR
Government denies imposing limits
The Hungarian government denies it is imposing any limit, but acknowledged few asylum seekers were entering the country as of late. At a weekly government press conference yesterday in Budapest, Janos Lazar, the head of the Hungarian prime minister's office, said immigration authorities can't help it if asylum seekers don't want to come.
"There is no such rule that they can take in one daily," he said. "But if there's [only] one man standing there, why should 10 customs officer[s] sit there?"
His claim of no takers is improbable given there are thousands of people trying to get into Hungary at the moment from Serbia.
UNHCR last month reported 4,196 new refugees, asylum-seekers in migrants in Serbia, of whom only one in nine are looking to stay there.
The NPR team interviewed three Hungary-bound asylum seekers in Serbia Friday alone.
One Afghan man who was walking with his 2 ½-year-old daughter to buy milk at a grocery store in Subotica, a 20-minute drive from the Serbian border with Hungary, said he's been waiting for four months at a refugee camp funded by Germany and that used to be a dog shelter.
"Everyone is afraid"
"All of us here are in despair. We are ready to scream, we are so upset. Our fates are unclear," he said, asking we not identify him or his family after a Serbian police officer drove up and harassed him for talking to NPR. He, his young daughter and 12-year-old son are trying to reunite with his wife, who is an asylum seeker in Frankfurt and who hasn't seen her children or husband in two years.
Fellow camp residents Sheerali Rezaie and his wife, Fatimeh, said they are at their wits' end. Going back to their volatile province of Daykundi in Afghanistan is out of the question and they have no choice but to keep trying to get to Hungary, he said. The couple, who were taking their daily walk outside the compound, are also trying to get to Germany with their two sons. Their eldest son is 23 and living in Munich, where he's applied for asylum, they said.
"This camp is hell," Sheerali Rezaie said. "The food is bad and there's nothing for us here."
He said now that only two people are being allowed into Hungary, "Everyone is afraid. We worry they'll close the gates forever and say, 'good-bye, take off.' "
Enlarge this image toggle caption Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images
Decline in asylum seekers since September 2015
Timea Kovacs, a Hungarian lawyer who represents refugees in the transit zones, said she's been bombarded with text messages and emails from asylum seekers stranded in Serbia since the near closure began.
They "are very worried," especially the families, she said. "Some of them were waiting there for more than one year."
She and the refugee advocates say the decline in the number of asylum seekers allowed into Hungary has been gradual since Budapest built its first fence in September 2015 to stem the flow of migrants crossing its formerly open border with Serbia.
Since then, the fence has been reinforced multiple times. It is a daunting barrier, outfitted with barbed wire, heat sensors, video cameras, and armed police patrols that quickly detect any attempted breech.
Kovacs says most asylum seekers now appear to accept the only way in is to enter the two transit zone camps outside the Hungarian border towns of Tompa and Roezske.
But those opportunities are dwindling. In 2016, 60 asylum seekers total were allowed to enter each day into the Hungarian transit zones; then it was reduced to 30. Last year it was 10, and now it's two.
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, she was hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," she said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in her 23rd consecutive Women's Open. She got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of cancelled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and her scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave her a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
Paradox: Pricing is difficult "when the world is constantly changing" CPO Johan Sjöberg reflects on this summer's price hike controversy, and looks toward a future on console and mobile
James Batchelor UK Editor Monday 14th August 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Paradox Interactive
Back in June, Paradox Interactive found itself set upon by frustrated consumers after eagle-eyed fans realised the publisher had raised its prices in certain regions around the world.
The cost for select games rose by as much as 40%, with the firm later explaining that adjustments had been made to "create a more equal price point" given the ongoing shifts between the world's biggest currencies. Prior to the tweaks, games had become cheaper in some territories than others and Paradox was keen to strike a balance.
This was not well received. Eventually the CEO, Fredrik Wester, promised to refund anyone who had purchased the games at a higher price, later offering free DLC when it was established refunds weren't "practically possible."
Two months on and chief product officer Johan Sjöberg tells us it's still a constant topic of discussion behind the scenes. "It's extremely difficult," he tells GamesIndustry.biz. "The one thing we've learned from this experience is that we obviously made a mistake and we're sorry for that.
"We've had a lot of ongoing discussions internally addressing, among other things, how we can make sure we're charging the right price for the right product in the right territory when the world is constantly changing. Nothing is an exact science. We'll see where we end up. We're trying to find a way forward that won't leave us in this particular situation again."
"We'll see where we end up. We're trying to find a way forward that won't leave us in this particular situation again"
While communication could certainly have been handled better, there seems to be nothing unreasonable behind Paradox's decision to increase prices. Companies like Riot Games and even Apple were compelled to adjust their pricing after Brexit sent shockwaves through the financial community. As much as publishers like Paradox like to service their players' wants and desires, they still need to pay the bills.
"If you look at it from our perspective, we want as large an audience as possible to be able to enjoy our games," says Sjöberg. "But we also need to balance that because we're a business, and we need to make money in order to stay in business."
The widely publicised backlash and reversal of Paradox's price adjustment will also have repurcussions should the publisher deem it necessary to do so again. Sjöberg acknowledges that should another increase be required, "people will be watching more closely."
"We just need to factor that into account when we make any future adjustments," he continues. "But we'll see. It's pure speculation whether adjustments will even be needed or not. We just need to make sure we're very clear in our communication about everything we do."
He's reluctant to give any advice on how other publishers should handle regional price adjustments, but stresses something that rings true for so many difficult situations in this industry.
"Make sure you listen to your players and communicate with your community," he says. "It's as simple as that."
It's a shame the price hike was greeted with such negativity, because Paradox has been enjoying a highly promising year. The publisher has opened a new mobile studio in Sweden, acquired Age of Wonders developer Triumph Studios, and made a major hire in Civilization V designer Jon Shafer.
The company has also enjoyed ongoing success with its publishing deal for the console version of Cities: Skylines, with Obsidian's Pillars of Eternity and Haemimont collaboration Surviving Mars still to come. In fact, console is playing an increasingly significant role in the Paradox portfolio.
"When it comes to console, we're trying increasingly to find concepts that fit cross-platform and that work on multiple platforms, that are adaptable to the type of user input you have on the console platforms," says Sjöberg. "With the combined market size of PlayStation and Xbox, there's a large addressable audience out there for the right type of product. We're putting significant effort into finding games that straddle the PC and console platforms and do that well."
"We're putting significant effort into finding games that straddle the PC and console platforms and do that well"
The publisher's current slate of console releases are also focused on PS4 and Xbox One, but has Paradox given any thought about the Nintendo Switch? No doubt there are plenty of consumers who would enjoy a deep strategy experience during a lengthy flight or train journey.
"We're not the fastest movers," Sjöberg admits. "I think it's fantastic that Nintendo has seen such great success with the Switch. However, Paradox has made a great business out of sometimes sticking to our guns while other people go elsewhere.
"When everyone moved to consoles in the mid-2000s, we stuck to PC and that worked out fine for us. We like to see markets as somewhat more proven before we decide to make a move, and it's hard at the moment to judge whether Switch will be a great place for third parties. There a few things I've really enjoyed playing on Switch, so we'll see."
But there's still a major portable shift in the works at the publisher. Late last year, the firm hired former King Malmö general manager Kim Nordstrom, who is working with the new Paradox studio in that city to bring some of its most popular IP to smart devices. We spoke to Nordstrom earlier this year about how he is tackling this challenge.
However, while other publishers have shifted their efforts almost entirely to mobile, Sjöberg assures that plans for smartphones will be "no distraction from our focus on PC". He acknowledges that mobile is a "slightly different beast" and Paradox is being cautious about how it approaches this highly competitive market.
"Anybody that moves into mobile as a platform for the first time opens up a massive potential audience for themselves," Sjöberg says. "The thing we've said about our move into mobile is that we still want to focus on the core values that we believe are valid to our players, the ones we've had with us since the early days of PC.
"Mobile obviously has a magnificent growth potential... However, we need to make sure we do it right and in a fashion that feels like Paradox"
"We're still going to focus on deep and complex products that you play for hundreds of hours. However, we'll adapt the way that you consume that experience to what's suitable for the platform.
"It opens up the potential to reach a whole new audience, but perhaps not everybody that plays on mobile will necessarily will want to engage with the type of experiences we'll bring. It's going to be very, very exciting to see once we get our first real experiments into the market."
Historically a PC-based, strategy-focused developer and publisher, Paradox's ventures into new genres and platforms shows a company that is carefully evolving - but Sjöberg says this is in keeping with the firm's journey so far.
"We focus on very specific types of games," he says. "We started out as a developer of strategy games, metamorphed into a publisher of strategy games and then we've expanded that to include management games and RPGs as well. It's obvious when you look at those three genres that there's ample opportunity for us to grow within each one, just on the platform on which we're now primarily active.
"Mobile obviously has a magnificent growth potential as anyone who reads market data knows. However, we need to make sure we do it right and in a fashion that feels like Paradox.
"That's our primary way of expanding. We're doing things very differently with mobile, we're doing things on more platforms, and we're continuing to grow in the segments where we're active."
Johan Sjöberg is a member of the advisory board for Devcom, the new developers conference that debuts in Cologne later this month. The event runs from August 20th to 24th.
If you haven't heard about 303 Music Fests yet, we're going to assume that you live under a rock. 303 Music Fests presented by LivWell Enlightened Health on May 17 will feature three rooms of local performances including a silent disco, a musician meet-and-greet room and a Colorado musician SuperJam featuring strictly local musicians. And if you've been wondering who will be playing this epic super jam, your questions are about to be answered.
Our Colorado SuperJam will be hosted by Denver funk group The Other Black. Frontman of The Other Black, Wes Watkins — previously of The Night Sweats — has been working with the local Colorado music community to solidify a 75-minute SuperJam that features only local musicians. The initial SuperJam lineup features Air Dubai, iZCALLi Kaitlyn “Kdubbs” Williams, Kayla Marque and Ghost Tapes, with more on the horizon. Watkins is crafting more than a full hour of music — a mixture of original compositions, covers and more. Be on the lookout for more to be announced soon.
In addition to the SuperJam, silent disco and musician meet-and-greet this event is the official release party for 303 Music Vol. 1. This vinyl-only record will feature beloved local artists like GRiZ, Trev Rich and Wildermiss to name a few. It's a Colorado compilation record printed by “the best damn record club out there,” Vinyl Me, Please and featuring strictly Colorado musicians. And if a SuperJam, silent disco, musician meet-and-greet and record release weren't enough, the entire party is being hosted by local “Queen” calling the shots in Denver hip-hop and director of Roux Black Consulting, Ru Johnson. Essentially, if you have plans May 17, cancel them — this is a can't miss event.
Go here for record presale.
Go here for tickets to 303 Music Fests presented by LivWell Enlightened Health.
Go here for the Facebook event where we will keep you updated on release details, the Church party and more.
Washington: President Donald Trump will dispatch his top diplomatic and military advisers to Pakistan in the coming weeks, turning up the heat on a nuclear-armed ally accused of harbouring terror groups. Weeks after Trump angrily accused Islamabad of providing safe haven to "agents of chaos," Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to depart for Pakistan late this month.
He will be followed by Secretary of Defence Jim Mattis, according to US and Pakistani sources.
The one-two punch is designed to drill home Trump's message that Pakistani state support for jihadist groups has to end, according to officials briefed on the visits.
Washington has long been frustrated by Pakistan's willingness to offer cross-border safe havens to Taliban factions and armed Islamist groups fighting US troops and their Afghan allies.
The relationship reached the breaking point in 2011 when president Barack Obama sent commandos into Pakistan in 2011 to kill Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden, who was living in a military garrison town.
With little change since then, Trump came to office indicating that Washington's frustration had reached the point where something had to give.
"We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting," he said an August address.
But in the six weeks since Trump signalled that tougher tone, there have been precious few signs that the calculus in South Asia has changed.
Mattis told Congress this week that he will try "one more time" to "see if we can make this work."
"To this point, we have not seen any impact on military- to military-relations," said one Pentagon official, suggesting any change would not happen after Mattis' visit.
Visiting Washington, Pakistan's foreign minister Khawaja Asif appeared unwavering.
He lashed out at "hollow allegations" about Pakistan harbouring terrorists as "not acceptable."
"That is not the way you talk to 70-year-old friends," Asif said bitterly.
"Instead of accusations and threats we should cooperate with each other for the peace in the region," he said while confirming Tillerson's visit.
While professing anger in public, Pakistani officials in private complain about receiving no concrete requests to target the Haqqani network or other groups.
US officials have been reticent to share some intelligence for fear of tipping off targets with links inside Pakistan's government.
Earlier this month a US drone killed three suspected militants in an attack on a compound in Pakistan's tribal region. Pakistani officials also complain of receiving mixed messages from the Trump administration, which is still struggling to find its feed under a mercurial commander-in-chief.
A September meeting in New York between Vice President Mike Pence and Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi was said to be cordial, despite Trump's fire and brimstone rhetoric. "It was a very good meeting with the vice president," said Asif.
After that, Pakistan officials said, they were surprised at a tougher tone outlined in public by Mattis and in private by Trump's National Security Adviser HR McMaster.
OTTAWA — Canada's official Opposition wants a full parliamentary debate on the Liberal government's decision to send a helicopter contingent to support the United Nations peace force in Mali.
The call from the Conservatives came Monday after Canada's defence and foreign affairs ministers confirmed the Liberal government's 12-month commitment to the west African country.
It includes two Chinook helicopters to provide medical evacuations and logistical support and four smaller, armed Griffons to act as armed escorts for the larger transports.
"Mali is a war zone. This is a combat mission," said Conservative defence critic James Bezan, who expressed concern about the potential for Canadian casualties, noting the deaths to date of more than 160 UN peacekeepers in Mali.
OTTAWA—The Liberal government says it will introduce legislation to erase past convictions for sexual activity with a same-sex partner under what Prime Minister Justin Trudeau calls historical, unjust laws.
Trudeau says his government will also apologize for the wrongs of the past committed against gay, lesbian and transgender Canadians.
The prime minister made the announcement on Parliament Hill after he and two of his cabinet colleagues raised the Pride, transgender Pride, and Canada 150 Pride flags.
Trudeau said his government is committed to acknowledging and addressing historical injustices experienced by Canadians for expressing their gender identity.
The government says the legislation, expected to be introduced later this year, will also remove discriminatory Criminal Code provisions regarding consensual sexual activity that have been deemed unconstitutional.
Barcelona vs Real Madrid: Spanish Super Cup, 5 Talking Points
Cristiano Ronaldo stole the show as Real Madrid romped home to a 3-1 win over Barcelona in the first leg
@animenon19 by Anirudh Menon Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 11:31 IST
Ronaldo mimics Leo Messi's iconic celebration
Score: Barcelona 1 - 3 Real Madrid
Scorers: Messi (P) 77': Pique (OG) 50', Ronaldo 80', Asensio 90'
Red card: Ronaldo 82 (for taking off his shirt; and for diving - when there was genuine contact; doesn't excuse his reaction, though)
After a quiet first half, the season's first Clasico exploded to life in the second half in a thrill-a-minute ride that had everything - a Messi goal, a Ronaldo goal, a Ronaldo sending off, an Asensio screamer and a gem of a performance from that most beautiful player - Isco. Here are the 5 things we learned from the match.
P.S. Why in the name of all that is holy were Real Madrid not in white: I know they need to sell their third kits, but this was ridiculous. It's BLAUGRANA v LOS BLANCOS for crying out loud!!!
5. Isco's Disco is a delight to watch
See what I mean by the blue kit complaint?
We say this nearly every time he sets foot on a football pitch but watching Isco play is worth a hundred trips to the Louvre. Gliding across the glass as if on skates, rouletting past players with a panache that would have made his manager proud (Busquets was left clutching at thin air on more than one occasion), playing with his head up and passing the ball about immaculately (that pass for Ronaldo's goal was supreme), he's the perfect attacking midfielder - and he showed once again why Madrid were right to tie him down to a new contract that supposedly raises his release clause to an eye-watering €600 million
Just look at this, and keep looking at this:
OMG Isco destroying everybody on the pitch#ElClassico
What is happening? pic.twitter.com/SJdFdM7gXU — Mr SBG (@mr_sbg1) August 13, 2017
The future of Spanish football is safe in the hands of Isco Alcaron... retire in peace, Andres
P.S. Can we all just give a standing ovation to Marco Asensio? The young man has now scored in his debut in the UEFA Super Cup, La Liga, Copa del Rey, UCL, and Spanish Super Copa. And last night's goal was an absolute peach:
3 injured in ‘attempted terrorist attack' at NYC transit hub
A suspect is in custody today after allegedly detonating a small explosive device in an “attempted terrorist attack” in the New York City subway system, sending commuters scrambling to evacuate a major transit hub just blocks from Times Square, city officials said.
The explosive detonated in an underground passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal, and despite the rush-hour crowds, only three people suffered minor injuries, officials said. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo called this “one of our worst nightmares.”
The 27-year-old suspect, Akayed Ullah, was badly injured in the arm and torso from the explosion that went off in his arms, sources said. He is alert and conscious and was taken to a hospital, sources said. The suspect, originally from Bangladesh, has been in the United States for seven years and has an address in Brooklyn, sources said.
Authorities called the explosive an “improvised low-tech explosive device” that was held on the suspect with Velcro and zip ties.
The explosion in the subway system — ridden by 6 million people each day — occurred at about 7:20 a.m. The bus terminal was temporarily closed and has since reopened. Subways were bypassing the terminal and Times Square stations.
President Donald Trump was briefed on the incident, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said.
This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates.
Have your say
A community event to raise money to send a ‘bright-eyed, gorgeous little girl' to America to be treated for cerebral palsy has raised more than £2,500.
The fundraising family fun day was held in honour of Imogen Holmes, a 22-month-old toddler who is unable to walk or talk due to spastic quadriplegic cerebral palsy.
The mother of a 20-month-old toddler from Fitzwilliam, who has limited use of her arms and legs has launched a �20,000 fundraising drive to take her for specialist treatment in Panama. Imogen Holmes was diagnosed with spastic quadriplegic cerebral palsy at Pinderfields Hospital in June 2017. Imogen's mother Briony Winstanley has started a �20,000 fundraising drive to to pay for stem cell treatment for Imogen in Panama in central America. Imogen pictured with her parents Briony Winstanley and Stephen Holmes.'9th March 2018.'Picture Jonathan Gawthorpe
Her parents Briony Winstanley, 21 and Stephen Holmes, 26, of Fitzwilliam near Pontefract, want to raise £20,000 to take their daughter to Panama for treatment at the Stem Cell Institute.
Family friend Chris Doyle, 28, organised the fundraiser at The Hut community centre in Airedale, Castleford on Sunday. It raised £2,575.03.
Mr Doyle said: “When I found out Imogen's parents were trying to raise £20,000 I just knew I had to get involved and try and help.
“Briony and Stephen are both doing well and we're all busy trying to get to this £20,000 target as quickly as possible.”
Of the fundraiser, he said: “The weather was amazing, the turnout was fantastic and we smashed our £2,000 target for the day.”
He added that Imogen is “a bright-eyed, gorgeous little girl who brings joy to everyone who sees her”.
At the fundraiser there were 20 stalls selling various gifts, a raffle, face painting, sponsored armpit and leg waxing, a bouncy castle and a live auction with lots including signed Rugby League memorabilia.
Imogen is unable to speak and has only limited use of her arms and legs.
Her father Mr Holmes has previously said the treatment could make a big difference to their family life, adding: ““It could achieve her walking unaided, it could achieve her talking.
“If it means her saying a few words it would mean a lot.”
Donate to the appeal for Imogen by visiting https://uk.gofundme.com/imogens-stem-cell-treatment
Queen Elizabeth II talks with George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, at Buckingham Palace. Picture: John Stillwell/Pool Photo via AP
Queen Elizabeth II talks with George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, at Buckingham Palace. Picture: John Stillwell/Pool Photo via AP
IT WAS supposed to be all about a meeting between the new Australian High Commissioner to the UK and Queen Elizabeth II - but somehow, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have inadvertently stolen focus.
In official pictures released of George Brandis' visit to Buckingham Palace's Audience Room this week, eagle-eyed fans spotted a previously unseen image of the royal newlyweds decorating a table in the background.
In fact, the image is full of fascinating details. For instance, just look at the chair.
Take a look at the position of the handbag — it's a secret signal from the Queen. Picture: John Stillwell/Pool Photo via AP.
According to The Australian's Jacquelin Magnay the seemingly innocuous position of the sovereign's trademark Launer handbag speaks volumes.
The bag is placed on a chair, a signal to her staff that the Queen is happy to have a prolonged natter with the High Commissioner.
If her bag were to be on the floor, it would signal an immediate intervention to staff to end the conversation forthwith. On the table, and she would be giving Mr Brandis a mere five minutes of her precious time.
Moving to the photograph on the table of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Harry is seen wearing a blue suit and white shirt, while Meghan is wearing a pastel blue dress, with her long dark hair left down.
According to Hello!, the portrait of the couple is likely to have been taken by the couple's wedding photographer, Alexi Lubomirski, as part of their engagement shoot last December.
Forget the people in the front — it's still all about Harry and Meghan. Picture: John Stillwell/Pool Photo via AP
Too bad for the rest of the royal grandkids. Picture: John Stillwell/Pool Photo via AP
Awkwardly, it also kind of indicates that the Queen may be playing favourites.
In a picture taken in the same room with New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern in April, a framed photo of the Queen's daughter Princess Anne and her husband Timothy Laurence was in that same position.
It now appears to have been pushed to the back of the table to make way for Harry and Meghan.
Less than six weeks ago, Princess Anne was front and centre. Picture: Dominic Lipinski-WPA Pool/Getty Images
… But her moment is over. Picture: Dominic Lipinski-WPA Pool/Getty Images
The Audience Room, on the first floor of the palace, has long been the Queen's favourite room to display family mementos, and its walls are covered with photos.
Other than the Harry and Meghan portrait, other framed pictures include one of Zara and Mike Tindall at their wedding, and a picture of Prince William and Harry in their military uniforms.
A fundraising page has been set up in memory of a man who drowned at Crown Lakes near Peterborough at the weekend.
Police were called at 3pm on Saturday, June 30, after a man, who was swimming in a lake at Crown Lakes between Yaxley and Farcet was reported to have disappeared.
Aivaras Budvytis
Police divers recovered his body on Sunday and confirmed there were no suspicious circumstances.
Now, friends and colleagues have set up a Go Fund Me page for Aivaras Budvytis, who worked for recruitment specialists Barker Ross in Priestgate, Peterborough.
The Go Fund Me page has already raised more than £1,800 in just two days and if it hits £2,000 the Barker Ross Group will be matching the sum.
This will allow for Aivaras' body to be transported back to his native Lithuania where he will be buried next to his parents.
Search teams at Crown Lakes at the weekend. Picture by Terry Harris.
Tributes have been paid on the Go Fund Me page.
Alexandru Ilina said: "R.I.P Aivaras!!! hope that he will get the chance to sleep next to his parents."
Louise Thompson added: "Such a sad story, I hope the funds can be raised for him to return to his parents."
Donations can be made on the Go Fund Me Page here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Neville believes Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger "has got some big challenges" on his hands after signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
The Gunners signed the Gabon international on deadline day, parting with £56million to land the striker they consider to be Alexis Sanchez's replacement.
His could make his debut for Arsenal on Saturday, when the north London club play host to Everton at the Emirates, despite suffering with illness this week.
But Manchester United legend Neville fears Arsenal are now a little too top-heavy, following the signing, and perhaps in danger of being picked off by well-organised teams.
(Image: PA Archive)
"Those four are so attacking I can't think of a defensive mind among them," said the former Red Devils defender on Sky Sports.
"I watched Mkhitaryan at United, he doesn't defend.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty)
"Ozil, when he wants to he can, but he doesn't really want to put it in defensively. They're going to leave huge spaces.
"The situation poses Wenger a problem he will have to try and resolve on the training pitch.
(Image: Arsenal FC)
"That is the problem – how do you fit all four in the same team?
"I'm not quite sure that will happen. It doesn't look like a natural fit, so Arsene Wenger has got some big challenges on the training field to make those four into a unit that works."
POLICE are investigating an astounding case of road rage during which a man threatened a cyclist with an axe in Adelaide's east.
Shocking video, obtained by 7 News, has emerged of the incident, which occurred at the intersection of Glynburn and Magill roads, Kensington Park just before noon on Tuesday.
The video shows an elderly man get out of a car at the intersection and use a tomahawk to hit the male cyclist's bicycle before walking towards rider, who back away with his hands up.
A witness called Danny told 7 News that before that confrontation he saw the cyclist shouting abuse at the driver, banging on a passenger window and smashing a side mirror.
A man appearing to wield an axe at a cyclist has been caught on video in an apparent road rage incident. Picture: Supplied/7News
"I could see a cyclist punching a car window non-stop and then 100m down the road he's still punching the window of this old guy's car and then he busted the guy's mirror," he said.
"The car driver jumped out with an axe and that put an end to the fight I think and then he went to town on his bike."
Danny said the altercation ended when the lights turned green and the driver and the cyclist went their separate ways.
SA Police say Eastern Adelaide police are investigating the incident.
Keenan Wins First Game of Season, 28-6 over CA Johnson
Keenan and CA Johnson are both struggling this season. Keenan entered the game with a dismal 0-6 record and CA Johnson not much better at 1-5. The Raiders came out on top of the match with a 28-6 win over the Hornets.
Two men allegedly stole cellphones from passengers on a CTA Green Line train last week, Chicago police said.Police released photos of the offenders, who entered a train in the 100-block of North Wabash and took the phones from commuters' hands before running away.The incident occurred at about 7 p.m. Saturday.The offenders are described as being between 17 and 25 years old, between 5-feet-7-inches and 6-feet tall and weighing 140 to 175 pounds.Anyone with information is asked to call Chicago police at 312-747-8382.
The Springfield Thunderbirds (22-24-1-1) made a 1-0 lead hold up for nearly 50 minutes thanks to a 25-save shutout from Evan Cowley in a victory over the Bridgeport Sound Tigers (22-17-4-2) on Friday night at the Webster Bank Arena. The win was the first by a road team in the eight-game season series between the two clubs to this point.
The first period flew by in a physically demanding manner. On two occasions, there were scraps at ice level, with Bobby Farnham challenging Kyle Burroughs to a fight just moments after Dryden Hunt and Mike Cornell tussled, resulting in offsetting penalties.
However, Cornell's roughing of Hunt drew an extra two minutes, and in turn, it led to Springfield's first power play chance. The Thunderbirds' red-hot power play made sure Bridgeport would pay for it. After Curtis Valk handed to Jayce Hawryluk along the left wing wall, Ludwig Bystrom sneaked down the right wing boards into the circle, and he one-timed the feed from Hawryluk past Chris Gibson to put Springfield in the lead, 1-0, at 11:46.
The Sound Tigers would get seven shots in the first period with Cowley standing tall in the Springfield goal crease. His best save of the first period came moments after the first goal, as Steve Bernier made a similar charge to Bystrom and got the puck on his tape. This time around, the goaltender got the glory, as Cowley got across to knock it away up near his mask.
Cowley would need to remain at his best in the second, as the Sound Tigers outshot Springfield 13-6 in the middle stanza. The University of Denver product responded with 13 more clutch saves, including a breakaway denial of John Stevens with the leg pad. The Thunderbirds penalty kill was equally integral, turning away three-second period power play tries for Bridgeport.
The Springfield offense would not do Cowley any favors with just two shots on goal in the third period, and the Thunderbirds sat back defensively in protection of the 1-0 lead. In the end, the Bridgeport offense would not be able to get one past Cowley despite some frantic plays near the net in a last minute, empty-net situation. Cowley picked up his third consecutive win in the process with his 25-save blanking.
Springfield's power play finished the night 1-for-3, while the penalty killers went a perfect 4-for-4 on the evening.
After the defensive struggle in Bridgeport, the Thunderbirds get another long recess before beginning a three-game, four-day stretch on Weds., Feb. 7 against the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins at the MassMutual Center. Springfield will look for its fourth consecutive win that evening.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Truckers Line Up Under Bridge To Save Man Threatening Suicide
A group of truck-driving good Samaritans answered a call to help save a man threatening to commit suicide by jumping off a freeway overpass on Tuesday.
Michigan State Police and local officials rounded up a group of 13 semitruck drivers to form a line below a bridge over a Detroit freeway — Interstate 696 — to significantly shorten the fall of the unnamed man if he had leaped.
He was first reported standing on the edge of the bridge above oncoming traffic just before 1 a.m., Lt. Mike Shaw, a Michigan State Police spokesman, told NPR.
Officers responded by closing down traffic across all six lanes heading in both directions.
"It's the first step in potential jumper situations," Shaw said, explaining that it helps calm down suicidal people, keeps cars driving below from crashing into each other and eliminates the possibility of anyone encouraging an unstable person to jump.
Next, troopers began sending semitruck drivers on a detour that re-routed them to end up below the overpass.
According to Shaw, that is standard protocol.
"It provides a safety net for the person in case they happen to lose their grip and fall or if they decide to jump," Shaw said. "With the trucks lined up underneath they're only falling about five to six feet as opposed 15 or 16."
After about two hours of engaging with officials the distressed man willingly backed off the edge and is receiving help, Shaw said.
"He was looking to take his own life but we were able to talk to him and find out what his specific trigger was and helped correct it," Shaw said.
In all, the ordeal lasted about three hours.
State police authorities posted a photo of the "truck wall" on Twitter using it as an opportunity to remind the public of help available 24 hours a day to anyone thinking about suicide.
"In that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take his own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255," it read.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Frackville
A food sale to benefit Stosh McCloskey will be held from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday at the Frackville Municipal & Community Center, 42 S. Center St. McCloskey is a longtime employee of the Frackville borough streets department and was recently diagnosed with cancer. The sale menu includes hamburgers, hot dogs, barbecue, meatballs, halushki, pasta salad, beverages and homemade baked goods. Takeouts will be available; all are welcome.
Kelayres
Kline Township residents have been reminded that 2017 garbage bills are due by June 30. All payments received after June 30 will be considered delinquent and will be subject to the $75 late fee, without exception, according to a township statement.
Mahanoy City
Cooperative Area Ministries' annual daily Vacation Bible School is held from 9 to 11:30 a.m. now through June 23 at St. Paul's United Church of Christ, Main and Pine streets. Children age 3 through completion of sixth grade are invited to attend. To register a child, call 570-773-0290 or 570-467-2676. A closing program will be held at 7 p.m. June 23.
McAdoo
The Concerned Citizens of Schuylkill County will meet at 7 p.m. Monday at the McAdoo VFW, Kennedy Drive. Members are encouraged to attend and new members are welcome.
McAdoo
The McAdoo and Kline Township police departments will host the annual bike rodeo at 1 p.m. June 24 at the Hancock Street Park. Children should bring a small recent photo of themselves for a driver's license picture. Refreshments will be served. Parents are also welcome to attend. If your child has a helmet that fits them please bring it as well as any other care they wear when bicycling. Sign-up sheets for children are at McAdoo Borough Hall and the Kline Township municipal building in Kelayres. The rodeo will be held rain or shine.
Nuremberg
The Nuremberg Food Pantry will be open from 9 to 11 a.m. Saturday. Distribution will take place in the North Union Township building. The pantry serves eligible residents of Union, East Union and North Union townships as well as Ringtown borough. Clients who receive surplus from the Ringtown pantry are not eligible for this distribution. Proof of residency will be needed. Anyone picking up food for someone else must have a note from that person giving you permission or have a note already on file with the pantry coordinator. The state food purchase program is operated in accordance with U.S. Department of Agriculture policy, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, age, handicap religion or national origin. The Twin County Lions run the Nuremberg pantry in conjunction with Schuylkill Community Action.
Nuremberg
Registration for the summer reading program has begun at the Nuremberg branch of the Hazleton Area Public Library and will continue throughout the summer. The theme is “Build a Better World.” Child ages 3 to 13 are welcome to register. For more information, stop at the library or call 570-384-4101. Summer hours are 10 a.m. to noon Mondays and Tuesdays, 4 to 8 p.m. Wednesdays and noon to 4 p.m. Fridays. The branch is closed Thursdays, Saturdays and Sundays.
Saint Clair
Wade United Methodist Church, 23 N. Front St., will have Vacation Bible School from 6 to 8 p.m. June 25 to 29 with the theme “Galactic Starveyors.” All are welcome. For more information, email bob6512@verizon.net.
Tamaqua
St. John United Church of Christ, 150 Pine St., will have a hoagie sale on June 27. The cost is $6 per hoagie and to order in advance, people should call the church office at 570-668-2573 by June 19. Pickups will be from noon to 2 p.m. at the church on the sale day.
FRISCO, Texas — Long snapper L.P. Ladouceur has re-signed with the Dallas Cowboys, the team he initially joined after a workout in 2005.
Ladouceur will be going into his 14th season, the second-longest tenure among current Cowboys. He has played in 205 consecutive games and made 1,875 snaps without a miscue.
The only current Dallas player with the team longer is 11-time Pro Bowl tight end Jason Witten, who was a third-round pick in the 2003 draft.
Last year Witten matched the franchise record by playing his 15th season with the Cowboys. The 35-year-old Witten is already signed for his 16th season in 2018.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aaron Ramsey has been ruled out of Arsenal's London derby with West Ham due to a hamstring injury, Arsene Wenger has confirmed.
The Wales international suffered the blow during last Sunday's 1-1 draw with Southampton.
Ramsey did manage to finish the game but Gunners boss Weger confirmed on Tuesday morning that the midfielder will not play against the Hammers at the London Stadium on Wednesday.
Confirming news that Ramsey is sidelined, Wenger allayed fears that Ramsey is set for a lengthly spell on the sidelines.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
"It will be a short period, not a big one," he said - although this Saturday's home clash against Newcastle at the Emirates could come too soon.
Wenger also revealed that defender Shkodran Mustafi will not play against West Ham with the Germany international still recovering from the thigh injury that kept him out of the weekend draw at St Mary's.
Mustafi is back in training but Frenchman Wenger insists he is not "completely ready".
(Image: Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images)
He said: "Mustafi will not be back. He may be fit to face Newcastle on Saturday.
"We lost Ramsey against Southampton, everybody else should be available."
A man wanted by Toronto police in a fatal stabbing over the long weekend has surrendered. Emergency services were called to the area of Danforth and Greenwod Aves., around 3:30 a.m. Sunday and found a victim with stab wounds.
Matthew Lidster, 29, of Toronto was fatally stabbed in the east end early Sunday morning. ( Toronto police )
A fight had occurred between two men who had just left a TTC bus. One pulled out a knife and stabbed the other “multiple times,” police said. Matthew Lidster, 29, of Toronto, succumbed to his injuries in hospital. He was the city's 51st homicide victim of the year. Paul Napolitano, 19, surrendered to police Tuesday and has been charged with second degree murder.
Article Continued Below
Homicide investigators are appealing to two women who were on the eastbound 300B blue line bus to contact them. One is described as white, with blonde hair and wearing a black tank top. She had a verbal exchange with a man at the back of the bus, police said. The other was sitting in the back and has been described as white with brown hair. She was able to overhear this exchange, police said. Both left the bus at about 3:10 a.m. at Castle Frank station. Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 416-808-7400 or Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-TIPS (8477). Ilya Bañares is a breaking news reporter, working out of the Star's radio room in Toronto. Follow him on Twitter: @ilyaoverseas
There is constant debate about fighter rankings, which are normally based on voting from a panel of journalists. Such is the case with something as subjective as voting – it's totally based on voter's opinion, and biases are bound to seep through, whether intentional or no. So to try to put a fresh, objective, data-driven spin on rankings, The MMA Manifesto has come up with a performance based ranking system, solely based on how a fighter has performed in the cage, this time for Bellator. We'll roll out a new weight class every Wednesday. Next up: The Welterweights.
*stipulations: 1) any fighter currently suspended or 2) inactive for at least 12 months (without an upcoming fight scheduled) are excluded from the rankings
Scoring based on a fighter's past 10 Bellator performances (we use a seven year time limit, so if they have fought less than 10 times in past seven years, only the fights within that time frame are counted. For fighters who have also fought in the UFC during this time, those performances were counted also)
Points based on a fighter's opponent's Bellator win/loss record (ie strength of schedule – the more successful a vanquished opponent is, the more points awarded), extra points given for finishes, extra points given for title fight wins.
Points are weighed so most recent fights are worth more (ie most recent fight counts the most, 10th most recent fight the least)
No points awarded for a loss
Stats Last Total Rank Rank 1 1 Douglas Lima 343 2 2 Andrey Koreshkov 302 3 3 Rory MacDonald 267 4 4 Michael Page 202.5 5 5 Lorenz Larkin 179 6 6 David Rickels 99.5 7 NR Ed Ruth 94.5 8 7 Paul Daley 89.5 9 8 Jon Fitch 78 10 9 Neiman Gracie 74.5 11 10 Kevin Ferguson Jr 72.5 12 11 Ricky Rainey 68.5 13 12 Brennan Ward 61.5 14 13 Justin Patterson 56 15 14 Josh Koscheck 54 16 15 Guilherme Vasconcelos 50.5 17 16 Fernando Gonzalez 49.5 18 17 Logan Storley 44.5 19 18 Joaquin Buckley 43 20 18 Andre Fialho 42.5 21 20 Haim Gozali 40 21 21 Matt Secor 40 23 22 Joey Davis 39 24 23 Chance Rencountre 34.5 25 25 Mohammad Yahya 25 26 26 Vinicius de Jesus 22.5 27 27 Danasabe Mohamed 20 27 27 Dominic Summer 20 29 29 James Terry 19.5 30 30 Aaron Chalmers 10 30 30 Jose Campos 10 32 30 Brian Grimmell 9 33 NR Andy Murad 8.5 34 30 Levi Matan 5 34 27 Shimon Gosh 5 36 29 Devon Brock 4.5 37 30 Ian Butler 0 37 30 Kemmyelle Haley 0 37 30 Khonry Gracie 0 37 30 Zak Bucia 0
Check back next Wednesday for our lightweight rankings
Bellator Performance Based Rankings
Heavyweights
Light Heavyweights
Middleweights
Lightweights
Featherweights
Bantamweights
Women's Featherweights
Women's Flyweights
Pound for Pound
Srikanth's title defence ends, Sindhu wins at Indonesia Open
Jakarta, Jul 4 (PTI) Defending champion Kidambi Srikanth's campaign ended with a narrow opening-round loss but Olympic silver medallist P V Sindhu eked out a thrilling win to progress to the women's singles pre-quarterfinals of the USD 1,250,000 Indonesia Open BWF World Tour Super 1000 tournament here today.
Former World No 1 Srikanth suffered his second successive loss to in-form Japanese Kento Momota, ranked 11th, in two weeks. The Indian lost 21-12 14-21 15-21 in the opening match that lasted exactly an hour at the Istora Gelora Bung Karno.
Momota had ended Srikanth's campaign at Malaysia Open last week and even though the Indian failed to avenge the loss, it was a far superior performance by the 25-year-old fourth seed.
Overall, it was Srikanth's seventh loss to the former world no 2 Momota, who has been in impressive form since coming back from a one-year ban due to illegal gambling.
However, Sindhu brought some smiles back in the Indian camp after seeing off Thailand's Pornpawee Chochuwong 21-15 19-21 21-13, setting up a clash with Japan's Aya Ohori on the eve of her 23rd birthday tomorrow.
Earlier, young Vaishnavi Reddy Jakka went down 12-21 10-21 to Denmark's Line Hojmark Kjaersfeldt.
The men's doubles a pair of Manu Attri and B Sumeeth Reddy stretched the world no 2 Chinese pair of Liu Cheng and Zhang Nan to three games before surrendering 21-15 15-21 17-21 to the third seeded combo.
In mixed doubles, Pranaav Jerry Chopra and N Sikki Reddy lost 12-21 14-21 to fourth seeded pair of Zheng Siwei and Huang Yaqiong of China.
In the women's singles match, Sindhu was asked some serious questions by the 20-year-old Pornpawee, as she grabbed a slender 11-10 lead at the first interval.
The Indian seemed to struggle with her timing initially but two cross court smash and a misjudgement at backline by her opponent helped Sindhu to lead 14-13.
Sindhu showed great defence and seemed to have stepped up her pace as she soon moved to 19-14 and brought up five game point chances after attacking her opponent's backhand. A disguised shot ended the opening game in Sindhu's favour.
Sindhu seemed to struggle with the length of her strokes as she hit long and short to allow Pornpawee control the second game early on. The Thai girl moved to a 7-2 lead but Sindhu recovered well to first claw back at 10-10 with six straight points and then entered the interval with a one-point advantage when the Thai hit the net.
Pornpawee turned the table by making it 15-13 before moving to 19-16 when Sindhu found the net. But the Thai blew the advantage as the Indian gained three straight points, including a good-looking smash, to claw back at 19-19.
A superb rally ensued next, which left Sindhu sprawled on the court as it was game point advantage for Pornpawee. The Indian then hit the net and the Thai shuttler was back in the contest.
The duo split the initial 10 points in the decider before Sindhu managed to open up a 8-5 lead. The Indian held a four-point advantage after he unleashed a straight smash to enter the breather.
Sindhu continued to use her experience to outwit the Thai shuttler and won a net duel to make it 18-11. Two wide shots and it was the eight match points for Sindhu. Pornpawee saved one before Sindhu unleashed another smash to seal the contest.
Earlier, Srikanth, who was beaten in straight games by Momota in Kuala Lumpur last week, came out with all guns blazing and moved to a 19-10 lead and then grabbed 10 game points with a smash. Momota saved two game points before hitting the net as Srikanth earned the bragging rights.
In the second game, Momota moved to a 3-0 lead early on before a patient Srikanth clawed back at 5-5 with a superb stroke at the net. Despite some stiff resistance from the Indian, the left-handed Japanese managed to enter the break with a slender 11-9 lead after producing a powerful smash on his opponent's backhand.
A few mistimed strokes from Srikanth and the game slipped away as he lagged 11-17 before Momota held seven game points and roared back into the contest when Srikanth again found the net.
In the decider, Momota produced some razor-sharp returns to move to a 8-5 lead. A brilliant adjustment at the net gave Momota another point as he moved to a 11-6 lead.
After the breather, Srikanth cut down the deficit to 10-12 and then 14-16. But Momota was unstoppable as he soon grabbed five match points and converted it without further ado
Currently, the loan book of ICICI Home Finance Company Ltd stands at Rs10,000 crore.
Mumbai: ICICI Home Finance Company (HFC) Ltd has set itself an ambitious target of growing its loan book to Rs30,000 crore in next three to four years, riding on the wave of low-cost housing segment, according to a top official of the lender.
Currently, the loan book stands at Rs10,000 crore.
In an interview, Anup Bagchi, chairman of ICICI HFC, said that leaving behind the chatter around a potential sale of the company, the lender has charted a growth path of increasing its network and loan book with focus on customers from lower and middle income groups.
In November 2017, Mint had reported that Everstone Capital-backed IndoStar Capital Finance Ltd had called off a deal to acquire ICICI Home Finance Co. owing to synergy issues.
According to Bagchi, starting fiscal 2019, there will be divergence in the focus area of the housing company and ICICI Bank. So far, the product offerings of both entities were similar.
“Now, it (HFC) will primarily focus on assessed income mortgage,” he said, adding it will target borrowers with ticket size of Rs15 lakh and below. The target is also to have the share of these loans in the total book to be at least 75% in three to four years.
Bagchi explained that assessing this category of borrowers, based on income, security and saleability of security, requires a skill set, which is best suited in the HFC format.
To achieve its aim in 18 months, ICICI HFC plans to increase its reach to 1,000 locations from current 400. The lender is adequately capitalised, Bagchi said.
He said the government's thrust on ‘Housing for all by 2022' had opened big opportunities for the housing sector. This initiative also incentivises borrowers, with subsidy payment under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, developers as well as lenders.
Bagchi also said that the growth of housing sector in its targeted semi-urban and rural areas is growing faster than metros.
Separately, ICICI HFC will also roll out a consumer durable financing product this financial year.
He said there is good headroom for such type of financing for the HFC and the rollout will be in tie-up with retail brands in chain format.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Benik Afobe will be available for Bournemouth's Premier League clash with Arsenal after opting not to link up with DR Congo at the African Nations Cup.
Arsenal loanee Jack Wilshere is ineligible to face his parent club for Tuesday's Vitality Stadium clash, but Afobe's presence boosts Cherries boss Eddie Howe's resources.
Max Gradel could now miss as many as six weeks of Bournemouth's season after linking up with the Ivory Coast for the African tournament.
Mesut Ozil is expected to miss Arsenal's Premier League fixture at Bournemouth on Tuesday after illness ruled him out of Sunday's 2-0 defeat of Crystal Palace.
There could be starts for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Shkodran Mustafi after each featured on the bench against the Eagles having recovered from injury.
Manager Arsene Wenger will likely make further changes to his team as they prepare for their second match in three days, meaning Aaron Ramsey and Francis Coquelin will be among those in contention.
Bournemouth squad: Boruc, Francis, Cook, Ake, Daniels, Arter, Surman, Stanislas, Fraser, King, Afobe, Federici, Smith, Mings, Gosling, Ibe, Wilson, Mousset, Grabban.
Arsenal squad: Cech, Ospina, Bellerin, Jenkinson, Holding, Gabriel, Mertesacker, Koscielny, Mustafi, Monreal, Elneny, Coquelin, Xhaka, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Reine-Adelaide, Walcott, Iwobi, Sanchez, Giroud, Welbeck.
KNOXVILLE, Tn- A lifetime of love and laughter. Dorothy and Anthony Kliemann are celebrating a milestone this year– their diamond anniversary, 75 years.
“It'll be 75 in June,” says Dorothy.
When you think about 75 years what do you think about?
“That was a long time,” laughs Dorothy.
“That's a fact,” laughs Anthony.
They met young … and married young.
“I think it took a while,” says Dorothy.
“Oh I think I was in love with her from the beginning,” Anthony counters.
They said ‘I do' June 27, 1942.
“I was 17, but almost 18. I had to have my father's permission in those days. And he was 20, almost 21,” Dorothy says.
Their family growing over the years … seven children, 14 grandchildren and 9 great-grandchildren.
“You just take it each step at a time,” says Anthony.
“I think it went quite well most of the time. I'm sure we argued as much as most couples, reflects Dorothy.
“Eventually I yield,” laughs Anthony.
A lifetime at each other's side … still showing those little tokens of love.
“I think we're doing pretty good. We did pretty good,” says Anthony.
What advice would they have young couples?
“Don't give up too easy. A lot of marriages today, people don't even give them a chance,” Dorothy offers.
75 years of memories between them … but if you ask them … they remember the good times.
“I think we're pretty lucky to be able to enjoy each other this long in life,” Anthony says.
Anonymous Buyers Account For The Majority Of Trump Property Sales
Audio will be available later today.
NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with USAToday reporter Nick Penzenstadler about how the number of anonymous buyers of Trump real estate has jumped to a dramatic 70 percent since the president's nomination.
I'm not big on making New Year's resolutions, but there are a few things I hope to do more of or become better at during this coming year.
I have to come clean about something. One of several reasons I began writing this column years ago was because it forced me to spend more time in the outdoors. With all the hunting, trapping, fishing, hiking, camping and outdoor photographic opportunities here in our state there are few acceptable reasons for not finding something to do out in the wild at any given time during the year.
Also I'm now retired, so the way I see it, aside from a sudden bout with scurvy or the Bubonic Plague, that fact alone removes all excuses. But yet I can get apathetic and lazy; it's far too easy to just kick my shoes off and plant myself inside or to just stay in bed on Saturday mornings instead of turkey hunting, etc. Even with the some hunting and trapping seasons I take advantage of now, I barely scratch the surface, so in short I resolve to spend more time outdoors trying new opportunities.
Once again, I have to confess that I've grown a little complacent when it comes to pursuing interesting and unique outdoor stories. When I first started this column I'd root out different and off-the-beaten-path stories everywhere I went. As I get older, I've come to appreciate a good nap more than I used to, and I have had some lengthy home projects of late, but those are just excuses. If I'm gonna' write this column, I'm gonna' do it justice, so I resolve this coming year to try to rekindle my enthusiasm for unique and out-of-bounds outdoor stories here in Exploring Kansas Outdoors. Along those lines, over the years I have been given some great tips from readers about those kinds of stories, so by all means, don't stop now. If you get wind of a fascinating person or an off-beat story that would go great in Exploring Kansas Outdoors please email me.
Fishing has always been my least favorite outdoor activity; first because many fishing opportunities are during the hot Kansas summers, my least favorite time of the year, and secondly because my sorry fishing skills are the stuff of (BAD) legends. Joyce and I can literally sit side-by- side with another couple, fishing over the same brush pile and using the same baits and lures as them and catch only one fish to their ten! Don't laugh; it's happened more than once! Anyway, this year I resolve to do more fishing. There is lots of fishing to be done in the spring and in the fall when temperatures are mild, and with all the private ponds and with beautiful spots like McPherson State Fishing Lake practically in my backyard, once again, there are few acceptable excuses not to wet a line. For example, the trout fishing is hot now at numerous spots around the state that will all be stocked with rainbows twice a month through March, and in some cases through April. Go to www.ksoutdoors.com to find the complete trout stocking schedule.
We get our deer processed at a local reputable meat processing plant, and as much as I'd like to say that processing our own deer is a resolution, it's not; I don't have the proper place, equipment, knowledge or desire to do so. We're not big jerky fans so I've never bothered to make jerky before, but I can't help but notice that the rest of the world seems to go bananas over homemade deer jerky, and that homemade jerky is great to give away to friends and family. I have a nice dehydrator so this year I resolve to learn and refine the art of making homemade deer jerky, and maybe venture into the world of snack sticks and summer sausage too. As usual, both the internet and YouTube are awash with information and instruction about all of it, and most outdoor sporting goods store carry an assortment of seasonings and equipment. A company named Walton's has local stores in Wichita and advertises “Everything but the Meat.” Check them out online at www.waltonsinc.com.
Well there you have a few of my “New Year's resolutions” so to speak. For everyone I suppose the biggest and best New Year's resolution should be to take someone with you into the outdoors to learn what you do and to see why you do it as you continue to Explore Kansas Outdoors.
Steve Gilliland, Inman, can be contacted by email at stevegilliland@idkcom.net.
Young Chavela in one of her trademark ponchos. (Alicia Perez-Duarte/Courtesy of Music Box Films)
0 Share with your friends Submit
All about Almodóvar's friend.
By Gregg Shapiro
Anyone who has ever heard the late Spanish-language singer Chavela Vargas, who died at age 93 in 2012, knows there's more going on than meets the eye . . . or the ear, for that matter. With their respectful and revealing doc Chavela, codirectors Catherine Gund and Dayesha Kyi give the true story of the ranchera diva a long-overdue telling.
The film seamlessly combines extensive Vargas interview footage from 1991 with vintage performance footage, as well as reverent interviews with gay filmmaking legend Pedro Almodóvar; Vargas' former manager Mariana Gyalui; singers Eugenia Leon, Miguel Bosé, and Tania Libertad; cabaret owners Jesusa Rodriguez and Liliana Felipe; composer Marcela Rodriguez; fashion designer Elena Benarroch; photographer Tlany Ortega; former Mexican senator Patria Jiménez; Jose Alfredo Jiménez Jr., son of composer Jose Alfredo; two of Vargas' ex-lovers, lesbian author Betty Carol Sellen and human-rights lawyer Alicia Perez Duarte; and others who knew Vargas.
Born Isabel Vargas Lizano in Costa Rica, “at the end of the world” in 1919, Vargas describes herself as a sad and lonely girl who didn't play with dolls and “grew up alone.” Mistreated by her religious and prejudiced parents who thought she was a strange “boyish girl,” the rebellious and full-of-rage Chavela lived with an aunt and uncle after her parents divorced—all the while obsessing about leaving home.
When she finally did leave in the 1930s, she arrived in Mexico City and discovered music and art waiting for her there. After striking up a friendship with ranchera music composer/performer José Alfredo Jiménez, Vargas earned a reputation as the best interpreter of his songs.
Chavela also succeeded in creating a persona for herself in a macho world where lesbians were marginalized. She skirted the hypocrisy of the patriarchal Mexican society (they all knew she was gay, but never discussed it) while opening doors for others, unaware that she would be constructing a legend.
Among the lovers Chavela claimed were Frida Kahlo (during the 1940s) and Ava Gardner (during the 1950s, when lots of Hollywood royalty spent time in Acapulco), as well as the wives of government officials. However, by 1973 her alcoholism was taking its toll on her career. She ended up broke, alone, and blacklisted in the 1980s.
Meeting the aforementioned Alicia Duarte (whom she called Nina) in 1988 was the beginning of her sobriety. That, and her belief in mysticism and shamans. Her 1991 performance comeback in Mexico City, singing sober for the first time, led to even greater opportunities. Pedro Almodóvar brought Chavela to Spain in 1992. As Almodóvar puts it, he found one of his “best collaborators” in Vargas' voice, which became part of his film scripts. Happy in Spain, feeling “loved and protected,” Vargas officially came out. The revelation had no impact on her career, and she sang to packed houses at the Olympia music hall in Paris and in Mexico City at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in 1995, as well as throughout the early part of the 21st century.
DVD bonus features include commentary by codirectors Gund and Kyi, filmmakers interview, a live concert performance, and more. Music Box Films (musicboxfilms.com).
This article appears in the February 2018 edition of OutSmart Magazine.
Comments
MERCERVILLE, Ohio — The first eight minutes went pretty well for the Lady Rebels.
The next eight, not so much.
Visiting Federal Hocking forced 10 second quarter turnovers during a 15-0 charge on Monday night and eventually rolled to a 51-29 victory over the South Gallia girls basketball team in a Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division contest in Gallia County.
Both teams held three-point leads and shot a shade over 30 percent in the opening canto, which led to a 10-all headed into the second frame.
The host Lady Rebels (0-4, 0-3 TVC Hocking), however, came up empty on 23 of their offensive possessions in the second stanza, which included 10 turnovers and a 0-for-13 effort from the field.
The Lady Lancers (2-2, 2-1) took full advantage of those misfortunes as the Maroon and Gold hit 5-of-11 shot attempts while reeling off 15 consecutive points, allowing the guests to take a 25-10 cushion into the intermission.
FHHS kept that momentum going into the second half with a small 6-2 run to increased its lead out to 33-12, but the Red and Gold answered with 10 consecutive points to close the gap down to 33-22 following an Erin Evans basket at the 2:38 mark.
The hosts, however, were never closer the rest of the way as the Lady Lancers ended the third period with a 6-0 run to secure a 39-22 edge headed into the finale.
Faith Poling capped a small 6-5 run to start the fourth to whittle the deficit down to 44-28 with 2:25 left, but the guests ended regulation on a 7-1 surge to wrap up the 22-point outcome — the largest lead of the game.
Federal Hocking outrebounded the hosts by a slim 30-29 overall margin, which included an 11-9 edge on the offensive glass. The Lady Rebels finished the night with 30 turnovers, while the guests committed 20 miscues.
SGHS connected on 9-of-36 shot attempts for 25 percent, including a 3-of-10 effort from behind the arc for 30 percent. The hosts were also 8-of-20 at the free throw line for 40 percent.
Olivia Hornsby led South Gallia with eight points, followed by Amaya Howell with seven points and Evans with six markers. Poling was next with four points, while Aaliyah Howell and Brooke Campbell rounded things out with two points apiece.
Hornsby also hauled in a team-high eight rebounds, with Poling, Evans and Christine Griffith each grabbing five boards.
Fed Hock made 16-of-47 field goal tries for 34 percent, including a 4-of-15 effort from behind the arc for 27 percent. The guests were also 15-of-26 at the charity stripe for 58 percent.
Paige Tolson led the Lady Lancers with a game-high 15 points, followed by Audrey Blake with 12 points and Hannah Dunfee with nine markers.
Kylie Tabler and Tamika Mayle were next with four points apiece, while Brittanie Jackson added three points. Emma Beha and Sarah Clarke completed the winning tally with two markers each.
Jackson hauled in a game-high 10 rebounds, while Clarke added five caroms and Beha grabbed four boards.
The Lady Rebels return to TVC Hocking action on Thursday when they travel to Waterford for a contest at 6 p.m.
South Gallia senior Olivia Hornsby (5) releases a shot attempt between a pair of Federal Hocking defenders during the first half of Monday night's TVC Hocking girls basketball contest in Mercerville, Ohio. South Gallia senior Olivia Hornsby (5) releases a shot attempt between a pair of Federal Hocking defenders during the first half of Monday night's TVC Hocking girls basketball contest in Mercerville, Ohio. Bryan Walters|OVP Sports South Gallia sophomore Christine Griffith (24) releases a shot attempt during the second half of Monday night's TVC Hocking girls basketball contest against Federal Hocking in Mercerville, Ohio. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) South Gallia sophomore Christine Griffith (24) releases a shot attempt during the second half of Monday night's TVC Hocking girls basketball contest against Federal Hocking in Mercerville, Ohio. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) Bryan Walters|OVP Sports South Gallia senior Erin Evans (11) releases a shot attempt over a Federal Hocking defender during the first half of Monday night's TVC Hocking girls basketball contest in Mercerville, Ohio. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) South Gallia senior Erin Evans (11) releases a shot attempt over a Federal Hocking defender during the first half of Monday night's TVC Hocking girls basketball contest in Mercerville, Ohio. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) Bryan Walters|OVP Sports South Gallia freshman Faith Poling (0) dribbles past a Federal Hocking defender during the second half of Monday night's TVC Hocking girls basketball contest in Mercerville, Ohio. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) South Gallia freshman Faith Poling (0) dribbles past a Federal Hocking defender during the second half of Monday night's TVC Hocking girls basketball contest in Mercerville, Ohio. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) Bryan Walters|OVP Sports
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment a bride-to-be SNAPS her leg whilst squat dancing on a podium at her hen do just three weeks before the big day – meaning she had to be wheeled down the aisle.
Laura Pascoe, 26, had been partying with pals in Swansea nightclub Popworld when, while attempting a squat move with one leg up on a podium bar, she broke two bones in her shin.
Raced to the Welsh city's Morriston Hospital, the office worker underwent 45-minute emergency surgery just to have plates and screws inserted in her left leg.
Doctors then broke the news that she'd need to wear a cast for the next five weeks, dashing everything she'd planned for her wedding day the following month to husband Thomas Pascoe, 27, who works in scaffolding.
(Image: PA Real Life)
Laura, of Llangeinor, Bridgend, Wales said: “I said to the doctor, ‘I'm getting married in three weeks, will I be alright?' But they told me no.
“Once everything sank in, I was absolutely devastated. You have such a vision for your wedding day, it's something you plan and dream of for so long, and mine was ruined.
“I even considered postponing it, but Thomas and I figured it was best to go ahead, as at the end of the day, we'd still be getting married, which was all we wanted.”
Adorably, the newlyweds, who now have two children together – Grace, seven and Liam, five – have known each other since primary school.
(Image: PA Real Life/Tony Long Photography)
But, they didn't properly connect until years later, when Thomas joined the same rugby team as Laura's brother Gavin.
Thomas had seen Laura, then 17, around and fancied her, so wrote his number on a sticky note for Gavin to pass on.
She laughed: “I thought, ‘bless him, he's really gone out his way.' Back then, though, people only had contract phones if their parents were minted, so we could only text when we had credit.
“Sometimes, I'd send him reverse charge text messages, so if he wanted to hear from me, he'd have to pay.”
Soon becoming an item, things moved fast for the young couple, with Laura falling pregnant with Grace just two months into the relationship.
Little Liam was born two years after that, and, on Christmas Day 2015, Thomas popped the question.
(Image: PA Real Life)
Laura recalled: “On Christmas Eve, he'd disappeared for hours. The house was manic with getting everything ready, and I remember being really cross.
“I rang him over and over but he didn't answer. I later found out he'd been asking my dad Shaun for permission to marry me.
“The next day, I was sat in my new festive pyjamas when he came in with the kids. Liam said, ‘Mammy, will you marry Daddy?'
“It was a little awkward as earlier that day, I'd been telling him how cheesy I thought Christmas proposals were, so I played Justin Bieber's Sorry in case I'd hurt his feelings, and accepted.”
(Image: PA Real Life)
As thoughts turned to wedding plans, Laura decided that she didn't want a raucous hen party, opting instead for a low-key night in with wine, a takeaway, and a handful of close friends.
However, when the day rolled round in May 2017, her pals surprised her with a night out, complete with a stripper and limo ride.
As Facebook was flooded with pictures of the celebrations the next morning, Laura began to fret in case some of her other friends saw and got upset that they hadn't been invited.
So, to make sure everyone was involved in the festivities, she organised another hen party – a night out in Swansea – for July.
She said: “I didn't want anything special, just a minibus into the city, a party then home with a kebab in tow.”
(Image: PA Real Life)
With drinks flowing, Laura and her friends were having a brilliant night – until the bride-to-be drunkenly attempted a squat dance move, and felt an alarming snap in her leg.
She continued: “I thought it'd be funny to get up on the podium and bust some moves, but as I tried to squat, I heard this snapping sound and collapsed onto the floor.
“At first my friends thought I'd just fallen over drunk and were telling me to stop being silly and get up, but they soon realised I was in pain.
“I just remember drifting in and out of consciousness while the girls tried to keep me awake. My friend Amy is a nurse so she knew what to do, putting some ice on my leg to stop the swelling.”
(Image: PA Real Life/Tony Long Photography)
Taken out the nightclub in a wheelchair, Laura then went to Morriston Hospital.
Upon waking the next morning, she didn't initially remember what had happened.
“I'd still been so drunk in the ambulance that I was chattering away, asking everyone their names. Then when I woke up, I didn't have a dicky bird,” she went on.
“I asked a nurse what'd happened, and he explained I'd broken both the bones in my shin, and chipped my ankle.
“At that point, Thomas came in. He took one look at me and went, ‘Only you, Laura.'”
Two days later, after her operation, Laura was allowed home with her leg in a cast.
Unable to put any weight on her broken limb as it risked further damage, she had to rely on a wheelchair to get around.
With her August 2017 wedding just weeks away, she had to face the fact that she wouldn't be walking down the aisle, or enjoying her first dance – which she and Thomas had decided would be a novelty routine to pop hit Gangnam Style – as planned.
But, determined to marry the man she loved, she went ahead regardless, tying the knot at Calfaria Baptist Church in Llangeinor.
She told: “I tried to put a little weight on my leg at the rehearsal, but it was too painful, and my dress would have got in the way of crutches.
“Instead, I was wheeled down the aisle and, for the first dance, I sort of stood on one leg and swayed about to Ed Sheeran like an awkward 10-year-old dancing.
“It drove me nuts not being able to get up and dance the night away as I'd planned, but it was still a great day, and Thomas was brilliant.”
Able to have her cast removed six days after the wedding, Laura is now back on her feet – though the recent cold weather has caused some pain flare-ups and swelling.
She also said she feels very nervous when she's out and about, in case she damages it again.
Though the couple are yet to go on their honeymoon, they're settling into married life well.
Laura said: “I still can't believe all this happened. I'd absolutely love to renew my vows one day, and do it all again as planned.
“I never really thought I'd get married. It wasn't something I was hugely bothered about but – and this sounds cheesy – all that changed with Thomas.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City were downed by a Sammy Ameobi scorcher in Friday night's Sky Sports televised game at the Macron Stadium.
Bolton Wanderers avenged their 2-0 loss at Ashton Gate back in September as the home side gained a vital win in their battle against the drop with a one-goal victory.
For the Robins it was a disappointing missed opportunity to really get among the automatic promotion contenders.
Lee Johnson's side battled well, had most of the ball but lacked quality in the final third.
Johnson made just one change to the side that had beaten QPR with ten men last weekend as Josh Brownhill came back into the side to replace the suspended Nathan Baker, into central midfield, with Korey Smith dropping to right-back.
The Trotters, meanwhile, were unable to field former City favourite Aaron Wilbraham due to injury and went with Sammy Ameobi in attack with the on-loan Tyler Walker, with top scorer Gary Madine sold to Cardiff on Wednesday.
Filipe Morais, shown a red card in the first battle in BS3, was kept on the bench, along with the returning Zach Clough.
And an arm wrestle for control of the game marked the early stages, with few attacks and just an early yellow card for Joe Bryan in the first quarter.
City cut through midfield sporadically through the thrusts of Ryan Kent and Bobby Reid but mostly Karl Henry and Josh Vela were equal to it.
Indeed, former City defender Mark Little enjoyed the most ball and space in the first period as the Robins failed to muster a shot on target.
Bolton did at the expense of having much of the ball, with Tyler Walker almost stabbing in from wide and some pinball in the box from a corner enabling Henry to toe just wide.
Reid did likewise follow a Paterson free-kick – and also had a decent penalty shout - but for the most part it was that ground war to find the bit of quality to open up the game.
Following the break, Bolton went close from a corner with Luke Steele flapping unsuccessfully before Paterson led a counter.
Famara Diedhiou headed powerfully at Alnwick and Reid almost potted the rebound, just beaten by an attentive outstretched leg from Beevers.
On came Zach Clough for a Macron Stadium homecoming as Lois Diony was also introduced with Hordur Magnusson as City matched Bolton's three at the back.
Just as it looked like the Robins might be getting on top of the game, Sammy Ameobi broke through midfield, outmuscled Bryan and rifled in from 20 yards out to give the home side the lead.
Brownhill shot to the near post, Diedhiou headed wide and Clough had the chance to seal the game on 84 minutes – blasting over when he had time in the box – before Diedhiou shot off target once more and Engvall replaced him.
There was no late saviour however as Bolton kept an unbeaten home run of results going against City stretching back to August 1994.
Bolton Wanderers: Alnwick, Wheater, Dervite, Beevers, Little (Morais 78'), Henry, Derik, Robinson, Ameobi, Vela, Walker (Clough 58')
Unused subs: Taylor, Le Fondre, Buckley, Flanagan, Howard,
Bristol City: Steele; Smith, Wright, Flint, Bryan; Kent, Pack (Diony 64'), Brownhill, Paterson (Magnusson 64'); Reid; Diedhiou (Engvall 85')
Unused subs: Wollacott, Walsh, Kelly, Eliasson
Referee: Andy Madley
Attendance: 14,172 (520 away)
| February 14, 2017 | Calendar
Come to the St. Jude “An Affair of the Art” Gala and enjoy a fun night with live entertainment and exquisite dining while supporting the St. Jude Children's Hospital. The event will also hold an auction featuring custom artwork. To purchase tickets or for more information, email Erica.Thompson@st.jude.org. 11011 W. Charleston Boulevard, 702-341-2903; stjude.org
Super Svitolina secures Rogers Cup as Wozniacki final hoodoo continues
Caroline Wozniacki suffered yet another final defeat on Sunday, as Elina Svitolina claimed her fifth title of the year at the Rogers Cup.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 01:05 IST
Elina Svitolina during the Rogers Cup final
Elina Svitolina made it five wins from as many WTA Tour finals in 2017 as she produced a hugely impressive display to beat Caroline Wozniacki in straight sets and win the Rogers Cup.
While Wozniacki has repeatedly fallen at the last hurdle this year, losing each of the six finals she has contested, Svitolina seems to have developed a welcome habit of rising to the occasion with a title on the line.
The Ukrainian had to work hard to take the first set on Sunday, but proved far too strong for Wozniacki in the second, ultimately triumphing 6-4 6-0 to earn her third WTA Premier 5 tournament win of the year.
The fifth seed in Toronto, Svitolina had beaten Venus Williams, Garbine Muguruza and Simona Halep to reach the final and this latest impressive win edges her closer to Karolina Pliskova's number-one ranking.
TRIPLE!@ElinaSvitolina becomes the first player to ever win THREE Premier 5 titles in a single season. Dubai, Rome, Toronto. pic.twitter.com/CV3KZxA0X7 — WTA Insider (@WTA_insider) August 13, 2017
Svitolina's resolute defence was key to her victory over Wozniacki, who was guilty of increasingly frequent unforced errors as she tried in vain to make an impact.
Wozniacki twice came from a break down early on to pull level at 4-4 in a first set that featured plenty of lengthy rallies.
Yet from that point on, it was one-way traffic, Svitolina looking increasingly assured as the Dane faltered.
The former world number one has now lost all 12 sets in the finals she has played this season, a loose forehand ending her hopes on this occasion.
BOURNEMOUTH, ENGLAND – MARCH 17: A dejected Craig Dawson of West Bromwich Albion during the Premier League match between AFC Bournemouth and West Bromwich Albion at Vitality Stadium on March 17, 2018 in Bournemouth, England. (Photo by Adam Fradgley – AMA/WBA FC via Getty Images)
This evening's Football Transfer News looks at the latest goings on in the Championship. FTN, brought to you by Last Word on Football, looks at West Bromwich Albion players Craig Dawson and Ben Foster who want to leave and the Bournemouth striker wanted by two ambitious Championship sides. Plus, a look at other transfer news and rumours from around the Championship.
Two Set to Leave WBA
Defender Craig Dawson has submitted a transfer request. Dawson, along with goalkeeper Ben Foster, has refused to go to West Brom's training camp in Portugal as they look to secure deals away from the Hawthorns. Burnley have reportedly offered £12 million but this was rejected, much to the annoyance of Dawson. The defender believes this is a fair price for his services.
Keeper Foster is expected to seal an immediate move back to the Premier League. Watford are close to signing the 35-year-old for £2.5 million. The Baggies have already signed Foster's replacement, signing Sam Johnstone from Manchester United.
Stoke Sign Keeper
Stoke City have signed 33-year-old goalkeeper Adam Federici from Bournemouth. He has signed a two-year deal and replaces Lee Grant who has moved to Manchester United.
The former Wolves and Reading player signed for Bournemouth in 2015. However, the Australian played only 17 times for the Cherries and became their third-choice keeper. Federici becomes Stoke's third new signing since being relegated from the Premier League.
Striker in Demand
Three Championship clubs, believed to be Aston Villa, West Brom and Bristol City, are interested in David McGoldrick. The former Ipswich Town striker is a free agent having left Portman Road when his contract expired recently.
The 30-year-old signed for Ipswich in 2013 and went on to score 41 goals in 145 appearances. An injury meant his last appearance came in February. The Republic of Ireland international could prove to be a good signing; however, his history of injuries may cause concern.
Grabban Wanted
Bournemouth striker Lewis Grabban is wanted by both Nottingham Forest and Birmingham City. Forest were believed to be in pole position to sign Grabban for £5 million but it appears that Birmingham want to hijack the deal.
Forest, however, are confident they can see off their Championship rivals to secure the strikers signature. Grabban scored 20 goals last season while on loan at Sunderland and Aston Villa. Forest boss Aitor Karanka is an admirer of the forward and tried to sign him when manager of Middlesbrough.
Derby Want Dutch Forward
Derby County are believed to be interested in Brentford's Florian Jozefzoon. County could be about to lose Matej Vydra to Leeds and reports suggest they have had a £1.5 million bid rejected for Jozefzoon.
The 27-year-old has only one year left on his contract; however, Brentford value the player higher than what Derby have offered. The Rams are expected to return with an improved offer for the forward who is a product of the Ajax Academy.
Main Photo
Embed from Getty Images
Related
View the original article on
Consumer prices rose 2.4% in July from a year earlier. Photo: AP
Mumbai: Investors will parse the minutes of India's central bank meeting with a keen eye on Wednesday as a steeper-than-expected rebound in inflation raises questions about this month's interest-rate reduction and scope for further stimulus.
Consumer prices rose 2.4% in July from a year earlier, data showed Monday, faster than the 2.1% median estimate in a Bloomberg survey and in line with the Reserve Bank of India's 2% to 3.5% projection for April to September. Wholesale inflation also accelerated, indicating pipeline pressures are building up just two weeks after the RBI cut its benchmark rate to a seven-year low and urged the government to help spur investment.
The rupee strengthened in the offshore market soon after the CPI data was published. Investors who bought the rupee by borrowing dollars have earned some 10% this year, the highest carry returns among Asian currencies. Local markets are shut Tuesday for India's Independence Day holiday.
With indicators pointing to the worst business environment since the 2008 financial crisis, investors will assess how seriously governor Urjit Patel is looking at the growth-inflation trade off. He and his deputy Viral Acharya broke ranks with a colleague to vote for easing following months of pressure from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration for a cut.
“Demand-driven inflation is still fairly subdued and that should worry policymakers,” said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at L&T Finance Holdings Ltd in Mumbai. “It still remains below the RBI's target and growth is also a worry.”
Much of the surge in July's prices can be explained by the fact that they're no longer flattered by last year's costs. A drop in food prices slowed to 0.3% in July from 2.1% in June. There are also additional signs of stress, including potential pressures from higher allowances for government employees. The US Federal Reserve is expected to begin reducing its balance sheet this year too, which may trigger outflows from emerging markets.
“As the favourable base effect unwinds, vegetable prices record a seasonal hardening and the impact of house rent allowances pushes housing inflation further, we expect the CPI inflation to ramp up over the next few months,” said Aditi Nayar, principal economist at ICRA Ltd. near New Delhi. CPI will rise past 4% by October, which means there's little chance of any more policy rate cuts in the year through March, she said.
However, when compared with global peers like Indonesia, India's inflation is still relatively low and Modi's chief economic adviser Arvind Subramanian has been arguing that there's a structural shift lower. In his economic survey published last week, Subramanian said the government will find it tough to meet his projection of as much as 7.5% growth in the current fiscal year.
His pessimism stems from a festering bad loan crisis that's pushing companies to cut debt, keeping investments low and limiting job creation. To ward off rising stress among farmers, who form the bulk of voters, Indian states may write off their loans, further boosting price pressures.
“From now on, India's inflation rate is going to rise,” said Devendra Kumar Pant, chief economist at India Ratings & Research. “Lack of consumer demand and pricing power of producers makes conduct of monetary policy very difficult.” Bloomberg
Photo Gallery: Senators vs Flyers (02/03/2018)
The visiting Ottawa Senators defeated the Philadelphia Flyers by a score of 4-3 in a shootout.
Three-Star Selections:
1st Mike Hoffman (#68 OTT)
2nd Matt Duchene (#95 OTT)
3rd Travis Konecny (#11 PHI)
“This clearly would make anyone feel uncomfortable,” she said.
This unsolicited attention has been accompanied by a stream of mailed cards and notes full of similar “inappropriate” comments and gifts from what appears to be the same constituent for more than a year, Holland told the Star.
“You are a beautiful woman, Miss Michelle Holland, I love you,” the constituent posted to his Facebook page on Jan. 20. “I give thee pleasure, love, lust, sex, love, teach me please, love you Michelle, angel goddess.”
More than 200 times a constituent has publicly professed his love on Facebook for Toronto Councillor Michelle Holland.
The declarations of love are unrelenting, often lewd — but, above all, unwanted.
These female elected officials shared their experiences with the Star in the weeks leading up to the resignations of Ontario Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown , Nova Scotia PC leader Jamie Baillie and federal cabinet minister Kent Hehr . All three politicians faced allegations of sexual misconduct.
Eight of the 14 women on council, including Holland, six of the 12 female public school board trustees and one of the eight female Catholic school board trustees responded to the survey.
Last month, the Star sent a survey to all female city councillors and Toronto District School Board and Toronto Catholic District School Board trustees asking if they have experienced sexual harassment, or were made to feel uncomfortable, on the job.
While none of the women alleged sexual harassment by male elected officials currently in office, the majority have experienced inappropriate behaviour by constituents, and expressed concern about the lack of gender diversity and ongoing gender discrimination in municipal politics.
The experiences of Holland and others point to a deeper cultural challenge of gender inequality, said University of Guelph political science professor Leah Levac, whose research includes female participation in local politics.
“(Constituents) are going out of their way to threaten or make uncomfortable, through sexual innuendo and threats of violence, women who have offered to serve the public in elected office,” she said. “It's a shocking display of power and dominance, which I find really troubling.”
Holland doesn't know if she has met the constituent who sends the cards and letters, but she believes he lives in her Scarborough Southwest ward.
“Michelle, please, let me touch you again like in the (Scarborough Town Centre) last week, oh my lovely feeling,” he posted to Facebook on Dec. 30.
On Feb. 1, during a council meeting, he posted, “Michelle, you are being watched, followed by angels, my revenge” and included a link to the live stream video of the meeting.
He has also posted comments about her body, his desire to have sex with her, and his frustration when his feelings aren't reciprocated.
“Did you enjoy my torture, falling tears, I love you Michelle, life partner,” he wrote on Jan. 12. “I only want you Michelle, please you promised.”
The constituent told the Star in a Facebook message that he writes about Holland in this way because “she is a beautiful woman” and “love is insanity.” He denies sexually harassing her.
“I support what the councillor does for women in business. I'm a very nice person. I am not a (#MeToo),” he said.
Holland increased her home security and reported the constituent to Toronto police, who, she said, “indicated no charges could be laid in the context of what has occurred to date, but they will continue to monitor the situation.”
Toronto police declined to comment on what would need to happen for charges to be laid.
“Investigators would have to look at all the facts of the case, determine if the threshold for a charge is reached and what is the appropriate way to proceed,” Toronto police spokesperson Mark Pugash said.
Sexual harassment (for example, lewd comments made about a person) is not technically a criminal offence, but criminal harassment is, said Toronto defence lawyer Daniel Brown.
“It could very well meet the definition of criminal harassment,” Brown said of Holland's experience, “which is repeated and unwanted contact with a person after they've expressed or indicated they have no desire to have communication and contact.”
If Holland fears for her safety, but a criminal charge is not laid, she could “seek the protection of a restraining order,” Brown said.
When Councillor Mary-Margaret McMahon discovered a website with the bold-faced headline “Spank mob boss Mary-Margaret McMahon” and a corresponding game, she said she wasn't completely surprised.
“It was horrific, but I thought it was only to serve the purpose of electioneering and slamming the incumbent, although I don't think you need to stoop to those levels to win an election,” McMahon said.
The website first came to her attention during the 2014 election when she was running for a second term as councillor of the Beaches East-York ward, against the website's creator James Sears, editor of the publication Your Ward News.
Sears wrote in an email to the Star that it's “a bit of a stretch” to call the website “generally ‘sexist' or ‘misogynistic'” because the “spanking game features just her.”
“I openly admit to being sexist,” Sears said. “Sexism is a normal state of mind for a heterosexual male. Men and women are not ‘equal.'”
The website remains up, and McMahon said her strategy has been to ignore it.
More than one constituent has made Councillor Sarah Doucette (Parkdale-High Park) feel uncomfortable, standing too close to her at events or making jokes that were “not quite appropriate,” she said.
“I feel that if I was a man, they wouldn't be doing that.”
Doucette makes an effort not to be alone with these constituents, bringing a staff member with her to a meeting or event, she said. She has asked a constituent to stop making inappropriate comments and he did.
Councillors who believe a member of the public has acted in a harassing or discriminatory manner towards them while they're working, can report their concerns through the City of Toronto's anti-harassment policy, according to the city, which would then investigate.
However, the city has limited power when it comes to addressing concerns councillors have about constituents, said integrity commissioner Valerie Jepson. Neither councillors, nor constituents are considered city employees and therefore aren't under the control of the city. The nature of a councillor's role also poses challenges.
“If a member of the public were harassing an employee, the city could maybe do something like move the employee to another office, but with a councillor, you can't move them to another ward,” Jepson said.
Jepson's office deals with complaints between councillors, but if a councillor did come to her about experiencing sexual harassment by a constituent, she said she'd “try to act as a resource to help that councillor think about strategies to deal with this type of behaviour.”
Toronto City Council has 44 councillors, 32 per cent of whom are women. Three women sit on the 13-member executive committee. Of the seven standing committee chairs, two are women, a recent improvement, said Doucette, who was first elected in 2010 when there “wasn't a single female chair of a committee.
“We need to have females in those senior positions. That changes the attitudes of everyone and shows women are doing their job, they're good at what they're doing and should be respected,” Doucette said.
Two councillors, including Ana Bailao, said they've experienced and witnessed gender discrimination during their time in office.
“There's a discrepancy. Women councillors have to work a lot harder and be a lot stronger and more assertive than a lot of male councillors,” said Bailao, who has never personally experienced sexual harassment.
“It is how the media perceives and talks about female and male councillors. Sometimes we say the exact same thing and the male councillor gets (coverage), and the female councillor doesn't get a peep.”
Trustee Jennifer Arp said she has experienced sexual harassment by someone working in the Toronto District School Board, which made her feel uncomfortable and unsafe. She sought help through official channels and is satisfied with the “professional way” the situation was “resolved.”
“I am still struggling to deal with my own experiences and trauma surrounding that (incident),” Arp said. “I think it has made me stronger and highlights the importance of women talking about sexual harassment and making it bigger than a fringe issue because it's not a fringe issue.
“For women everywhere, this is a reality.”
If a trustee has a concern about a staff member, the director of education is notified and guides the trustee on how to address the issue, said TDSB spokesperson Ryan Bird.
One female trustee said she was repeatedly called a pig in person and on social media by former trustee Sam Sotiropoulos during the 2010 to 2014 term. She did not want to be named in fear she'd be targeted once again by Sotiropoulos.
At trustee meetings, he'd make barking and oinking noises when she and other female trustees spoke and he'd try to intimidate her to the point she never wanted to be alone with him, the trustee said. While he had no support from his colleagues, he also wasn't formally reprimanded and his behaviour became normalized, she said. Sotiropoulos wasn't re-elected in 2014.
Sotiropoulos told the Star these allegations are “complete fabrications” and he “never made barking or oinking sounds during any meetings.” Remarks made on social media or in person referring to female trustees as pigs were “intended as a metaphor (for being stubborn) and nothing more. If they are insecure about their personal appearance, I have nothing do with that.”
The TDSB has since appointed its first integrity commissioner who now handles complaints between trustees, Bird confirmed.
Unlike city councillors, trustees don't have their own offices or staff. For female trustees, this situation makes them feel vulnerable when they meet with parents in their ward, oftentimes one-on-one, said trustee Merit Stiles.
“Absolutely I've had situations where I feel extremely vulnerable and intimidated by men,” Stiles said, pointing to two different occasions when she met with parents and felt threatened — once in a nearly empty café where she thought “nobody else would see” if something happened and on another occasion at a school.
“Men have sat across from me and looked me in the eye very aggressively and made nasty comments that were personal. Their anger was directed at me.
“I'm not easily cowed, but there are times when a man is using his physical size to intimidate me. I know it in my gut.”
TDSB trustees experiencing inappropriate behaviour from constituents are encouraged to contact police, said Bird. As to trustees having their own offices, “The chair is aware of this concern and believes it's a legitimate one. She has been working to find possible solutions,” he said.
Another TDSB trustee said a male city councillor has on more than one occasion dismissed her attempts to meet to talk about issues in their shared ward, but maintains close relationships with other male elected officials.
“There are many old boys clubs in city politics,” the trustee said. She asked not to be named for fear it would make her work environment worse and impact her candidacy in the upcoming election.
As a Catholic school board trustee, Maria Rizzo said a few weeks back an anonymous caller left her a voice message calling her a c---. In December, she was walking into a public meeting when a male constituent standing nearby told her she should burn in hell.
“Staying silent is a course taken by many women in politics who think if they don't do anything, it will go away. But it doesn't,” Rizzo said.
The Toronto Catholic District School Board said if a trustee has a complaint against a constituent, the school administrator will investigate under the respectful workplace guidelines.
Councillor Frances Nunziata said there's more respect for women compared to when she was elected as York's only female councillor in 1988, before amalgamation. Two years into her first term, during a committee meeting, a councillor put his hand up her skirt, Nunziata said.
The councillor later apologized for the incident, but then claimed it had been an accident, the Star reported in 1990.
“Men had all the authority and women didn't,” Nunziata said. “A lot of the councillors were totally against me because I was a woman and I was causing problems for them.”
She said constituents do still make comments about her appearance, but she tells them to stop — “Why the hell would you make that comment to me? That's disgusting,” she will say.
Now that women are coming forward with stories of sexual harassment, it's changing the culture, Nunziata said. “Men now are opening their eyes and are more aware then they were before. Everything is changing.”
It's time for women and men to work together as allies to make “safer and better environments,” Arp said. “It's about making sure everyone has the opportunity to choose whatever career they want and not have to worry about how they will be treated.”
Samantha Beattie can be reached at samanthabeattie@thestar.ca.
Finally, the die is cast.
The Vice President of the Ghana Football Association has been relieved of his duties following an Executive Committee meeting held on Tuesday.
It's interesting that the decision has come now, weeks after Afriyie announced at his 50th birthday party that he intended to contest in the 2019 GFA polls.
In the intervening period, the media waited for the blessing of Kwesi Nyantakyi for his vice. It never came. Instead, a loud silence filled the void, highlighting the rumoured rift between the two.
This rift, which had started months before when Afriyie had described Nyantakyi as greedy following disagreements over financial matters, has ultimately proven to have grown into Tuesday's announcement.
Last year, Nyantakyi had also mentioned at one meeting, at least, that he wanted his deputy out because he suspected Afriyie of conniving with Nii Lante Vanderpuije, an avowed critic of the GFA boss.
But what will be the domino effect of Afriyie's sacking?
Battle lines drawn
Before now, the line in the sand between the two men had been blurred. Now it's not, and both know where there are on the political divide. Without a doubt, Afriyie will now be emboldened to go all out in his quest to wrestle power from the GFA boss.
Even though Afriyie has denied on several occasions that he was at loggerheads with Nyantakyi, the former's sacking has simply validated that rumour. This will pave way for the 50 year-old George, whose campaign team had already told Joy Sports that his plans for the future of Ghana football are ready.
But history is not on his side.
Fred Pappoe (sidelined in 2011), and Fred Crentsil (sidelined in 2015) are the two previous Vice Presidents who suddenly found themselves out of the position, and their subsequent career trajectories say a lot about Nyantakyi: he does not allow his former lieutenants to continue being influential in football circles.
But George has never been deterred by this, as he told Joy Sports following his announcement to contest.
“I think after serving on the Executive Committee for three terms and the role I have played in this current tenure, I have gained the experience needed as well as gone through the mill to and learnt enough to place me in a position to take over from my boss.”
“Irrespective of the numerous criticisms, I believe this administration under Nyantakyi has achieved a lot and I don't think anyone is better placed to continue and build on the achievement than my good self,” he said at the time.
Clearly, he was not singing from the same hymn sheet as his boss.
Relationship at the Executive Committee level
The Executive Committee (ExCo) is the second most powerful decision making body of the Football Association, after the Emergency Committee.
And since Nyantakyi announced he will not seek re-election several times within the last year, some names have popped up as possible contenders. None of those names were as high-profile as Afriyie.
This resulted in quiet division amongst the Exco – with some pandering towards him, while others felt Nyantakyi was still the right man for the job.
This toxic atmosphere at the helm of power needed to be fumigated. Trust Nyantakyi to deal with it, and he started doing so two weeks ago, when the FA announced that Afriyie had been removed as head of the Black Stars Management Committee. This position was one Afriyie had held since 2014, as a reward for his loyalty to Nyantakyi.
His removal was a clear signal that his end was near, and he knew. Last month, Afriyie told Kumasi-based Oyerepa FM that he was ready “to leave this position…because it is not for my mother or my father's lineage. Position is not possession.”
If anyone was in doubt about the internal disquiet, some of Afriyie's own colleagues on the Exco publicly shamed him. These included Western Regional Football Association chairman Kojo Yankah, and Winfred Osei, who has now (conveniently) taken Afriyie's place at head of the Black Stars Management Committee.
“There is nobody in the country that has more experience in football administration in Ghana than Kwesi Nyantakyi. He is the CAF Vice President and FIFA Council member,” Osei said, effectively throwing Afriyie under the bus.
It is now clear that the relationships within the Executive Committee are frayed.
Nyantakyi will seek re-election in 2019?
The big picture of all this politicking has been because nobody is sure if Nyantakyi will go for his fourth term.
The experienced administrator has been at the helm since late 2005. Despite three straight qualifications to the World Cup, football in Ghana has not been at all rosy. Of particular has been the alarming decline in the Ghana Premier League by all stakeholders, and the death of the FA Cup for many years – until its revival some seven years ago.
Though Nyantakyi himself maintains the league is one of the best organised on the continent, the calls for change have always come from the general public, and not the so-called ‘football people'.
However, the sacking of his vice has finally emboldened opinions that to save his legacy, Nyantakyi will have to seek re-election. For the first time since 2005, the existence of enemies rallying for his downfall is a clear and present danger.
But Nyantakyi did not get this far by chance. He knows the game. He's played it since his mid-twenties, and he will not be easy to uproot.
As George Afriyie himself said about why he wanted the top job after denying it for years, “only a fool doesn't change his mind”.
We wait and see.
SUGAR HIT: Moss cells showing the location of the protein that makes arabinoglucan.
SUGAR HIT: Moss cells showing the location of the protein that makes arabinoglucan. Contributed
NO week goes by without researchers tracking down new food resources or checking out the health benefits or otherwise of what already exists out there.
An international team of scientists including the University of Adelaide has discovered a new complex carbohydrate in moss that could possibly be exploited for health or other uses.
Scientists from Australia's ARC Centre of Excellence in Plant Cell Walls and University of Rhode Island in the USA, may have made a critical breakthrough.
It gets a bit technical from here but they say the polysaccharide in moss looks a bit like the gut-friendly, health-promoting beta glucan found in oats and other cereals.
For those who didn't pay attention in science class, a polysaccharide is a complex carbohydrate made up of sugar molecules.
Professor Rachel Burton from the University of Adelaide's School of Agriculture, Food and Wine, and Professor Alison Roberts of the University of Rhode Island, were leading research teams looking into the evolutionary history of the beta glucan when they made this discovery.
"What we found was a new polysaccharide made up of the sugars glucose and arabinose, not just glucose as in beta glucan,” Professor Burton said.
"We have called it arabinoglucan and believe the way the two different sugars link together will make it structurally similar to beta glucan.
"While we are not advocating eating moss, we are simply saying there is great potential for this new polysaccharide as we've seen with others.”
So why all the excitement?
Professor Burton says while the function of the arabinoglucan is not yet known, it may have properties that can be exploited for health, industrial and medical fields.
Just like better known polysaccharides such as cellulose for paper and cotton, or xylans that can be used for as dietary supplements or drug delivery.
"This discovery leads to the question how many other polysaccharides do plants contain that we don't yet know about?
"We don't know what's there because we can't always see it.
"Scientists will need new tools to be able to find them which might include new antibodies and microscopy techniques.”
A meeting of the sect held in Bareilly decided that neither will the national anthem be sung nor the function be videograhed in 150 madrassas of the state. Photo: AP
Lucknow: Around 150 madrassas connected with the Barelvi sect on Monday decided not to follow the Uttar Pradesh government's order of reciting the national anthem and videography of the Independence Day function.
A meeting of the sect held in the revered Dargah Ala Hazrat in Bareilly decided that neither will the national anthem be sung nor the function be videograhed in 150 madrassas of the state, Maulana Shahabuddin Rizvi, general secretary of Jamat Raza-e-Mustafa which chaired the meeting, said. In Pilibhit, ‘shahar qazi' Zartab Raza Khan also opposed the order, terming it as against the shariat which does not allow musical instruments.
“The function of Independence Day will be celebrated with full gusto, tricolour will be unfurled in the madrassas, sweets will be distributed and tributes will be paid to those who fought for the freedom of the country, but no action will be performed which goes against the shariat like singing of the national anthem and videography,” Rizvi stressed.
Also read: I-Day celebrations in madrassas in UP to be videographed: Minister
“It was decided in the meeting that instead of ‘Jana Gana Mana' the Quami Tarana of ‘Sare Jahan Se Achcha Hindustan Hamara' will be recited. Also, videographay is against the shariat and it will not be done,” he said, adding programmes which are in accordance only with the shariat will be performed. Rizvi also said that the word ‘adhinayak' in the national anthem was in praise of the British used in 1911 and therefore, singing it was against the shariat.
He questioned as to why the circular with regard to singing of the national anthem and videography was issued only for the madarasa and not to schools under the basic shiksha parishad. “Basic education secretary Sanjay Sinha has himself stated that no videography will be done in the schools under the parishad ... does impose this condition only on the madarsas not question their patriotism,” he asked.
According to the government circular, flag hoisting and recitation of the national anthem will take place at 8 am on the Independence Day. Following this, tributes will be paid to martyrs of the freedom struggle. MoS Minority Welfare Baldev Aulakh had warned action against madrassas if they did not follow the order.
At 10.55am, GMR Infra shares traded 2.74% lower at Rs17.75 apiece on BSE. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: GMR Infrastructure Ltd on Thursday reported a standalone net loss of Rs819.53 crore for the quarter ended 31 March, compared to a loss of Rs2,478.78 crore a year ago.
Total revenue in the quarter stood at Rs321.29 crore, up from to Rs272.47 crore in the year-ago period, GMR Infrastructure said in a regulatory filing.
During the quarter, the company reported provision for diminution in value of investments and advances in subsidiaries of Rs662.50 crore as against a provision of Rs2,357.68 crore made in the last quarter of 2016-17.
At 10.55am, GMR Infra shares traded 2.74% lower at Rs17.75 apiece on BSE.
Rural crime cost Warwickshire more than £840,000 in 2016, which is up 13% 2015.
The figures form part of the NFU Mutual's annual Rural Crime Report, published today, revealing that despite the UK seeing a 4% drop last year, the cost of rural theft has risen sharply in the first half of 2017.
According to NFU Mutual's 2017 Rural Crime Report, early theft claims statistics for the first half of this year show a sharp rise of over 20% raising concerns that a new wave of rural crime is hitting the countryside.
The items most commonly targeted by thieves across Warwickshire over the last 12 months were tools, garden equipment, all terrain vehicles and quad bikes.
Roger Campion, NFU Mutual Senior Agent in Stoneleigh, Warwickshire, said: “Rural crime in Warwickshire has risen during the last 12 months, as countryside criminals are becoming more brazen and farmers are now having to continually increase security and adopt new ways of protecting their equipment.
“In some parts of the county, farmers are having to turn their farmyards into fortresses to protect themselves from repeated thieves who are targeting quads, tractors and power tools.
“They are using tracking devices on tractors, video and infra-red surveillance in their farmyards and even DNA markers to protect sheep from rustlers.”
The report reveals that being ‘staked out' is the biggest worry for country people, followed closely by longer police response times in rural areas, according to the leading rural insurer.
Criminals continue to target Land Rover Defenders, quad bikes, tractors, tools and livestock despite increased security on farms.
Roger said: “The threat of becoming a victim of rural crime, and regular reports of suspicious characters watching farms is causing high levels of anxiety amongst farmers who know their rural location makes them vulnerable to attacks.
“Our advice to people living and working in the countryside is to regularly evaluate your current security measures making improvements where necessary, remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the local police and local farm watch schemes.”
FILE PHOTO: Workers guide cattle up a ramp leading into a cargo ship for export, at Vila do Conde port in Barcarena, Para state, near the mouth of the Amazon river, October 9, 2013. REUTERS/Paulo Santos/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A member of the Public Health Surveillance Agency inspects beef at a supermarket after the Chilean government suspended all meat and poultry imports from Brazil, in Santiago, Chile March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado/File Photo
BRASILIA Brazil needs independent controls over its meat industry, a top EU health official said on Wednesday, as he wrapped up a visit to the country rocked by an anti-corruption investigation centring on bribery of its food-sanitation inspectors.
Brazil's police say in court documents bribes were paid to cover up serious health violations by some meat companies, including the sale of rotten and salmonella-contaminated products. Their probe, dubbed "Operation Weak Flesh," led some of Brazil's biggest export markets to ban its meats.
The European Union is among the markets that suspended imports from 21 meat packing plants that are under investigation in Brazil, which is the world's largest beef and poultry exporter.
EU Commissioner for Health and Food Safety Vytenis Andriukaitis said in an interview that its restrictions and stepped-up checks on Brazilian meat imports may not be removed anytime soon.
"The situation of meat imports from Brazil will remain under these reinforced checks until Brazil answers our questions and after our forthcoming audit team visits Brazil," Andriukaitis told Reuters.
"The situation will be much clearer in a few weeks or months. The main message to Brazil is that this issue is not closed. It is about health and quality," he said.
While he said it was not up to the EU to say what inspection system a country should have, Andriukaitis urged Brazil's government to introduce more transparent rules that avoid public-private conflicts of interest.
"The official control system must be independent and not under the influence of politicians and other actors. We must guarantee independence of the Brazilian official control system," he said.
Brazil's federal food inspectors currently report to the agriculture ministry and the system has come under fire for having politically appointed supervisors.
Andriukaitis said the EU could announce more measures related to Brazilian imports after its Agriculture Council meets on Monday and Tuesday. He declined to be more specific.
Hours after he spoke, President Michel Temer and Agriculture Minister Blairo Maggi announced new rules for the meat processing industry, which they said were stricter and clearer.
The highest fine for food sanitary violations rose dramatically to 500,000 reais ($160,250) from 15,000 reais previously. Maggi said the rule changes would eliminate the need for inspectors to interpret antiquated laws that were 65 years old.
Brazil's Federal Police have accused more than 100 people, mostly inspectors, of taking bribes in exchange for allowing the sale of rancid meat products, falsifying export documents or failing to inspect meatpacking plants at all.
Prosecutors have yet to present charges and the police allegations have not been proven.
Government officials have sought to downplay the impact of the probe. But an industry group said on Tuesday that beef exports alone fell over 40 percent in terms of both volume and revenue in March 20-26 from the prior week, as a number of countries imposed temporary bans.
The police investigation into irregularities in Brazil's meat industry, one of the few robust sectors in an economy locked in its worst recession on record, was made public on March 17.
Hong Kong on Tuesday removed one of the last blanket bans on Brazilian meat imports after it said it was satisfied by explanations from Brazilian officials. That followed China's removal of its restrictions last weekend. Together, the two Asian nations bought about one-third of Brazil's $14 billion in meat exports last year.
The EU ranks as the No. 2 importer of Brazilian meats, just behind Hong Kong and before China, buying $1.7 billion in frozen and fresh beef, chicken, pork and other meat products last year.
($1 = 3.1200 reais)
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle; Additional reporting by Stephen Eisenhammer; Editing by Tom Brown)
(Yonhap)
Kumho Asiana Group Chairman Park Sam-koo confirmed Tuesday that he will not exercise the right of first refusal on the sale of a controlling stake in Kumho Tire.Calling the process of selling led by state-run Korea Development Bank “unjust and unfair,” Kumho Asiana said it will “no longer participate in the sale.”This decision means the 42.01 percent controlling stake in Kumho Tire will be sold to Chinese tire maker Doublestar, which signed a stock purchase agreement with creditors in March.Doublestar and Kumho Tire's nine creditors have to seal the 955 billion won ($831 million) deal within six months.If Doublestar does not buy the controlling stake within the time frame, it would lose its status as the preferred bidder and Park would be given a new pre-emptive right.Kumho Asiana also urged creditors for a fair rebid and to allow Park to form a consortium through a press release.The group will not initiate legal actions against creditors for now, Kumho Asiana said.“Taking the acquisition to court is burdensome for the entire Kumho Asiana Group. There are unresolved issues Doublestar and the nine creditors have to agree on, which Park seems to view as unlikely to be settled within six months,” said Lee Sang-hyun, an analyst at IBK Securities.Doublestar's use of the Kumho Tire trademark is an obstacle Doublestar and the creditors have to overcome.Creditors and Doublestar agreed on a maximum 20-year use of the Kumho Tire trademark, which has not yet been negotiated with the trademark rights holder Kumho Industrial.“It is important for the Doublestar to use the trademark, as the Chinese tire maker produces tires for commercial vehicles,” said Lee.“The Chinese firm may refuse to proceed with the deal or to pay the full price without access to the Kumho Tire trademark.”By Kim Bo-gyung (lisakim425@heraldcorp.com)
Around, on, in or over your ears – these are the best cans money can buy right now
1. Audeze EL-8
With unbelievably clear sound and less than zero distortion, these make that enigmatic beast called Planar Magnetic accessible. Invest in the open-backs to be transported right into a concert hall.
Win: The design: metal muffs encased in wood, held together by a thin ribbon-like headband. It's like art clamped to your skull.
Price: Rs 49,990
2. Bose QuietComfort 35
Extreme comfort (large cushions for your ears) paired with the German audio giant's signature sound quality. That 16-hour flight's already looking much better.
Win: Battery life can last up to a mammoth 40 hours if you use the cable.
Price: Rs 29,363
3. Sennheiser HD 1
A light-as-air wireless neckband with a three-button remote, halo-style buds and a battery life of 10 hours. This is the pair for the marathon called 2017.
Win: It can connect to two devices at once.
Price: TBA
4. JBL Everest Elite 700 Platinum
Wireless, with a battery that lasts up to 15 hours and with excellent noise-cancelling tech, JBL's top-of-the-line headphones are as wholesome to look at as the sound they deliver to your ears.
Win: The limited-edition platinum model is hard to find, but gives you bragging rights.
Price: Rs 35,425
Up Next: Behind the Scenes of Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Trump counsel's local roots
President Donald Trump authorized the release Friday of the controversial memo, but a lawyer with local roots played a role, too.
Donald F. McGahn II, the president's counsel, is the son of Noreen Rogan McGahn, who grew up in Archbald.
McGahn wrote and signed a letter dated Friday officially telling House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-California, he could release the memo alleging FBI surveillance abuses in the investigation.
McGahn, 49, lives in Alexandria, Virginia, but grew up in Atlantic City.
— BORYS KRAWCZENIUK
Toronto FC will hold its victory parade through the downtown core of the city today, two days after winning its first MLS Cup in franchise history.
Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field Saturday night, becoming the first Canadian team to win the MLS Cup.
The parade is scheduled to start outside Toronto's Air Canada Centre around noon ET and wrap up with a fan rally at Nathan Phillips Square.
Toronto (20-5-9) was the best team during the regular season and set a record with 69 points — the most ever in MLS history.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Gina Tomassoni follows a simple philosophy: Live, laugh, smile and, most importantly, dance.
The lifelong Eynon resident recently celebrated 40 years of teaching children ages 4 through young adult the basics of dance through her studio, Gina Tomassoni School of Dance.
“I've always had a passion for dancing,” she said during a recent afternoon inside the Eynon studio. “The love for the art came from my dad. Boy, he was something.”
Her father, the late Foster Tomassoni, was known as the life of the party at any function and always was the first one on the dance floor, Tomassoni said. With the encouragement from him and her late mom, Marie, she enrolled in dance as a child and kept up with it until college. During that time, Tomassoni studied under Carmel Ardito and the late Constance Reynolds.
“They were my role models,” said Tomassoni, known to students as “Miss Gina.” “I saw how they taught the children to learn and grow, and how much the children took from them. I wanted to be part of that. I wanted to have students and teach dance.”
After high school, she studied health and physical education at Marywood University and participated in dance and theater while there. During this time, a fellow dancer Tomassoni studied with needed someone to teach dance classes in Forest City. Tomassoni took the opportunity and traveled with her record player and albums to the studio. The classes took off, so Tomassoni moved to Carbondale, Jermyn and finally Eynon, where the studio stands today. The property belonged to Tomassoni's aunt, and with help from her parents, her siblings — Laurie, Terri, Gery and Maria — Tomassoni secured the business that helped cultivate a love of dance to hundreds of students over the years.
“I had my whole family behind me and the students and their parents. It almost felt like the whole world was behind you,” she said with a laugh. “It was a leap of faith. Thank God, it worked out.”
Tomassoni attributes the success to the great people surrounding her at the studio, like her dance teachers (her sister, Maria, is one) and her Mom's Club, which helps with fundraising for the school. She also cites her good friend, Peggy Trently, as an important part of the business, lending a helping hand whenever Tomassoni or members of her studio need it.
“It's wonderful to be part of such a community that supports the arts,” Tomassoni said. “The arts are so important to a child. They teach confidence and self-esteem. It helps children to have an outlet, and I never worry about little mistakes or anything like that. I always tell them to remember to smile.”
Aside from love of the arts fostered on barre, Tomassoni teaches fundamentals in a regular classroom, too. After earning a master's degree in reading education from Marywood, she worked as a reading specialist and tutor for Northeastern Intermediate Educational Unit prior to retirement. She still teaches at Kinder Campus Preparatory Preschool, Eynon.
Teaching allows Tomassoni to enrich the lives of her students, which is in line with her drive to give back. She said her parents instilled the importance of this virtue in her and her siblings, and she follows their lead to this day. A member of Christ the King Parish, Tomassoni is a second-grade CCD teacher and member of the Pro-Life Club, as her faith is paramount in her life.
Proceeds from recitals go to Easter Seals Society of Northeastern Pennsylvania and Covenant House in New York City, which helps homeless children and youth, and the company participates in community events, including marching in the annual Memorial Day parade in Eynon and Archbald.
Also, Tomassoni, along with her family, is passionate about battling the opioid crisis throughout the region and state since losing her nephew and godson to heroin addiction.
“That means so much to our family,” she said. “It affects so many more people today than ever before, and we have to combat this so no other family ever has to experience this kind of heartache.”
Today, Tomassoni focuses on teaching dance to the children of her former students and passing on the love of the art to them. In June, she invited alumni to come back and perform for the company's 40th anniversary. It was a special night for her to see all the lives dance impacted over the years, because in all aspects of teaching, Tomassoni's students mean the most to her.
“Teachers really affect lives,” she said. “What you do for a child, it can make a lasting impression on them for the positive. That's why I love to do what I do.”
Contact the writer: gmazur@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9127; @gmazurTT on Twitter
Meet
Gina
Tomassoni
At home: An Eynon resident, she is the daughter of the late Foster and Marie Tomassoni. She has four siblings, Laurie Lewis, Terri Eichner, Maria Tomassoni and Gery Tomassoni.
At work: She is owner and dance director of Gina Tomassoni School of Dance, Eynon. She also is a retired reading specialist and tutor for Northeastern Educational Intermediate Unit and is a teacher for Kinder Campus Preparatory Preschool, Eynon.
Inspirations: Dance; teaching; her dance teachers and Marywood University instructors, including Carmel Ardito and the late Constance Reynolds; her parents; her faith and music
Aspirations: To open a tutoring program at the studio, continue to dance, write a children's book, enjoy life, talents and herself while she's alive
Diversions: Animals, photography, reading, teaching, listening to music, watching old television shows, nature
Aversions: Procrastination
Quote: “Dancing is the most beautiful of the arts … it is life itself.” — Havelock Ellis
April 6 Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Aurinia announces development plans for Voclosporin in Europe and Japan
* Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc - on track to initiating global Aurora study this quarter
* Aurinia-Confirmatory data that can be generated from aurora trial, aura-lv phase iib study should support regulatory submissions in US, Europe, Japan Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Earlier this year, I decided it was finally time to upgrade my mattress.
But I didn't just want a bigger mattress; I wanted a better mattress.
I'd heard many great things about Casper, which famously grew from a single person working on a single product to a team of over 30 people working out of an R&D lab in San Francisco. And after learning about Casper's first new mattress since 2014 — the high-tech Wave mattress, which starts at $1,095 — I knew I had to give it a try.
Casper was kind enough to send me a queen-sized review unit of the Casper Wave to try for myself, which retails for $1,995. In my experience so far, I've found it to be one of the best mattresses I've ever slept on, and well worth the investment if you care at all about getting good sleep at night.
Here's what it's like to use the $2,o00 Casper Wave:
Casper calls the Wave its "most innovative mattress." At $1,100 just to start, it's also the company's most expensive.
play Casper calls the Wave its "most innovative mattress." At $1,100 just to start, it's also the company's most expensive. (Casper)
Whereas most mattresses out there are designed for the whole body — just uniform layers of material from head to toe — the new Casper Wave mattress considers every part of the body.
Compared to the traditional Casper mattress, which starts at $595, the $1,095-to-start Casper Wave is thicker, and features more layers in specific areas to target the important parts of the body, like the spine, shoulders, and hips.
This graphic from Casper breaks down the main differences between the Wave and the other two mattress types.
play This graphic from Casper breaks down the main differences between the Wave and the other two mattress types. (Casper)
Compared to the traditional Casper's "Zoned Support," which is firmer under your hips but softer under your shoulders, the Casper Wave's "Hyper-Targeted Support" offers precise support for 36 different points all over your body to relieve pressure and help you sleep more soundly.
In building the Wave mattress, Casper's research and development team explored the details of different body types and how a mattress could provide just the right support where you need it.
play In building the Wave mattress, Casper's research and development team explored the details of different body types and how a mattress could provide just the right support where you need it. (Casper)
"Your shoulders and your hips are the heaviest parts of your body, and if those parts aren't supported properly, you start to kink your spine," says Casper's design director Jesse Mayan.
In prototyping the Wave mattress, Casper altered the mattress's firmness to target different areas of the body. Eventually, the company landed on a contour-cut shape, which makes the foam a bit softer and also reduces pressure on your shoulders.
play In prototyping the Wave mattress, Casper altered the mattress's firmness to target different areas of the body. Eventually, the company landed on a contour-cut shape, which makes the foam a bit softer and also reduces pressure on your shoulders. (Casper)
Casper also introduced a new elastic polymer that lets the company fine-tune the firmness of the mattress in specific areas.
Casper also put a great deal of thought into the top of the mattress, which is designed to feel soft but not suffocating.
play Casper also put a great deal of thought into the top of the mattress, which is designed to feel soft but not suffocating. (Casper)
Unlike pillow-top mattresses where you feel like you sink into them, the top layer of the Casper Wave mattress is made of a soft but hypersensitive foam that feels soft to the touch, but when you put any weight on it, it gives way to the support system below.
Casper says it engineered the top to feel "like cotton candy": It's got substance, but then it disappears instantly.
Of course, none of the technology really matters if it doesn't make for a good product. Thankfully, the Wave mattress delivers on all its promises.
play Of course, none of the technology really matters if it doesn't make for a good product. Thankfully, the Wave mattress delivers on all its promises. (Casper)
I upgraded from a classic full-sized mattress from Serta to the queen-size Casper Wave.
After setting up the mattress — which takes seconds to fully unfold itself once you cut or lift the incredibly heavy mattress out of the signature Casper box — the very first thing I did was lie down on it.
My initial encounter with the Wave mattress was love at first sight: It really feels like the mattress is cradling you, but you don't feel like you're sinking into the mattress at all.
One of the best aspects of the Casper Wave mattress is the fact it stays cool in most conditions.
play One of the best aspects of the Casper Wave mattress is the fact it stays cool in most conditions. (Casper)
I tend to get very hot when I sleep. Since installing the Casper Wave in my apartment, though, I've had very few problems with feeling overheated in bed. In fact, the mattress itself does a great job at staying incredibly cool, even when I'm feeling hot.
Casper says it uses "heat-wicking, open-cell foams to divert excess heat away from your body" to keep you cool. To me, the mattress does a better job at keeping you cool than several other high-tech sheets and bed covers I've tried that are designed for exactly that.
Conclusion: I've had the best nights of my sleep on the Casper Wave mattress. To me, it's worth the investment.
play Conclusion: I've had the best nights of my sleep on the Casper Wave mattress. To me, it's worth the investment. (Casper)
Minutes after setting up the Casper Wave, I remember laying on the mattress thinking, "This is what the mattresses always feel like when you stay at a really nice hotel."
That honeymoon feeling you get with some new products hasn't gone away in the months since first receiving the Casper Wave.
I've always been a big night owl — partly because I have trouble falling asleep unless I feel absolutely exhausted. Otherwise, I'll stay awake in bed, sometimes for hours, struggling to fall asleep or just reading on my phone until my eyes shut by themselves.
These days, though, since setting up the Casper Wave, I've had very few issues falling asleep — and I actually look forward to going to bed, because I know I'll always get good rest.
The only downside: I can't say the Casper Wave has made me any more of a morning person. If anything, having such a comfortable mattress makes it much harder to wake up.
Also, its price tag isn't for everyone, which is another consideration. There are plenty of other more affordable mattresses out there. But to me, for its combination of size, soft feel, strong structure, and ability to stay cool, the Casper Wave is one of the few products I'm happy to recommend even though it's more expensive than the competition. Your wallet might not be happy at first, but you'll sleep like a baby.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
The U.S. Air Force and its mission partners successfully launch the ORS-5 satellite on an Orbital ATK Minotaur IV from Space Launch Complex 46 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. The Space & Missile Systems Center introduces you to part one of the Mission Spotlight Series, ORS-5 "The Mission".
PKL Auction 2018: Monu Goyat surpasses Sunil Chhetri to become highest paid non-cricket Indian athlete in any franchised-based league
Monu Goyat's remarkable rise has now seen him climb above Sunil Chhetri.
Prasen Moudgal SENIOR ANALYST News 30 May 2018, 22:50 IST 551 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Monu Goyat in action against the Haryana Steelers, a team he will represent in Season 6.
What's the story?
The Pro Kabaddi League's continuous growth was yet again quantified as the Haryana Steelers broke the bank to secure the services of talismanic raider Monu Goyat, who was bought for a whopping sum of Rs 151 lakh, quashing the previous highest record held by Rahul Chaudhari, who was bought for Rs 129 lakh by the Telugu Titans only a couple of minutes prior.
With the bid of Rs 151 lakhs (or Rs 1.51 crore), Monu Goyat also eclipsed the record for the highest contract held by a non-cricket Indian athlete in a franchise-based sport in the country, a record that was earlier held by Sunil Chhetri when he signed for Bengaluru FC for a then-record amount of Rs 150 lakh rupees (or Rs 1.50 crore).
In case you didn't know...
The skipper of the Indian football team, Chhetri has been a part of Bengaluru FC since the inception of the club, in 2013, when the Blues played in the I-League. Having moved to the cash-rich ISL, however, Chhetri found himself holding the record with a contract worth Rs 1.50 crore.
Interestingly, both Bengaluru FC and Haryana Steelers are owned by JSW Sports.
The heart of the Matter
Monu Goyat, at the back of impressive performances at the national level and in the Pro Kabaddi League last season, was picked by the Patna Pirates ahead of the fourth season and since then, the Services raider has impressed with 265 points from 39 matches. Although he played under the shadows of Pardeep Narwal in the previous season, Monu managed to amass 202 points from 26 matches, which made him one to watch out for in the auctions.
#ProKabaddiAuction: Monu Goyat shatters all the records, as #HaryanaSteelers win mammoth bidding war to snap him up for Rs 1.51 crores.
He now overtakes Indian Football Team captain Sunil Chhetri in terms of contract value!@HaryanaSteelers | @ProKabaddi pic.twitter.com/A78LoZ3iXE — Sportskeeda (@Sportskeeda) May 30, 2018
One of the final names to come out of the bag, Monu's sensational performance last season translated into a higher demand as four teams battled hard to procure his services. U Mumba started off with the opening bid and within a matter of seconds, the bid was raised to over Rs 100 lakh (Rs 1 crore).
Haryana Steelers broke the previously held record of Rs 129 lakh with a Rs 130 lakh bid that soon escalated to Rs 150 crore until the Steelers finally won the bid at Rs 151 lakh and soaked in the vociferous applause that went across the room.
What's Next?
Following an exciting opening day of the Pro Kabaddi League auctions that witnessed six players crossing the Rs 1 crore mark, the second day will play host to the B, C and D category players, who will be vital to form the perfect composition of the franchises.
Despite churning in great performances for Patna last season, Monu was overshadowed by Pardeep Narwal. However, it will now be interesting to see whether he can live up to the billing of his massive price tag.
How do you think Mohu Goyat will fare this season? Let us know in the comments section.
Have your say
We gave Peterborough United fans 10 words to sum up the first 20 games of the League One season.
Not bad, tactical naivety (not ineptitude) costing talented squad dearly.
Posh fans give their views on manager Grant McCann.
@HarryAnders272
Must give Leo a run in an attacking role.
@fjsteward
Forward passes, drop Doughty, Leo behind the striker, back four.
One Posh fan wants his club to sign John Akinde (centre) from Barnet.
@nathanbrown
Five quality players doesn't make it a promotion winning squad
@CrispLevi
Remember we're a mid-table team with delusions of grandeur.
@ADHamilton91
Bang average, but Posh still somehow in the top half.
@SteveDilley1
Lower your expectations. Manager and players are average.
@ian_gow
Try and support team rather than constantly looking for negatives!
@marklynch7
Chris Forrester for Michael Doughty needed.
@jockeywilson23
Play players in their correct positions and make substitutions earlier.
@t_unwin
Keep the faith. Don't sell Marcus Maddison.
@Gnat68
Keeping a settled keeper and defence would help.
@almostnorthern
Start turning up against the teams in the lower half.
@Sweeney95Alex
Hope McCann has a ‘tactics' manual in his Christmas stocking.
@FORTUNATESON
Win the ball. Give it to Maddison/Edwards = Top 6.
@jones_jamie
Re-sign Charlie Lee. Clone him. Play him in every position.
@JackAlexJones
Not rollercoaster, more a see-saw, often in need of WD40.
@TobyWoody
A season of promise and hope dashed by defensive frailties.
@boblpartridge
Support your team not slaughter them even when winning.
@poshbox8
Get a target man like Barnet's John Akinde.
@SimplyGwion
Wendy Williams cried when she returned to her TV show on Monday (19.03.18).
The 53-year-old talk show host took a three-week hiatus from hosting 'The Wendy Williams Show' due to complications with her overactive thyroid and autoimmune disease Graves - which she was diagnosed 19 years ago - and thanked her fans for "missing" her and being "understanding" about her absence.
As she stepped out onto the stage, the audience chanted her name and she said: "Thank you for missing me. Thank you for not replacing us, thank you for being here today."
Around 20 minutes into the show, Wendy broke down in tears and said: "Thank you for understanding and being my special people.
"I do the show but there are hundreds of people who are the show, and they don't get the credit they deserve. So, thank you to everyone."
Wendy didn't initially dwell on her health issues but told viewers she'd been ordered to get "rest, rest, and more erst" and underwent a "battery of tests" during her time off.
She added: "I am optimum right now."
Later in the show, she went into further detail about the tests.
She said: "I got a full brain scan. ...There's no early Alzheimer's, dear."
The popular presenter was then joined by Dr. Mehmet Oz, and after seeing the TV medic, Wendy broke down in tears ago.
Following his eye-popping demise in The Walking Dead, Korean-American actor Steven Yeun is back fighting a different kind of virus in a new horror movie called Mayhem. Helmed by director Joe Lynch, the film follows Derek Cho as he fights to survive an outbreak at work, one that threatens to take both his job and his life. Instead of unleashing your run-of-the-mill zombies though, this infection simply removes all inhibitions, encouraging each office drone to live out their most violent and sexual desires.
At its heart, Mayhem is a blood-splattered exploitation flick that brings a wicked sense of humor to the table, providing catharsis for all of the disgruntled workers out there who have ever been stepped on by the man upstairs. With its killer soundtrack and a fondness for nail guns, Mayhem is a delirious ride from start to finish, but there's so much more to Yeun's journey than just simple vengeance.
Derek Cho-se To Fight Back
When we first meet Derek Cho, our downtrodden hero wants nothing more than just some respect and his favorite coffee mug returned to him. A quick montage shot in an elevator effectively conveys how the corporate environment has sapped the joy out of Cho. All that's left of him is the kind of lifeless husk that Glenn fought in The Walking Dead before he met Lucille head-on for the last time.
It's not long though before Cho is emboldened by the "red-eye" virus, safe in the knowledge that any crimes committed during the infection stage can be dismissed in a court of law. With the help of an initially resentful client called Melanie Cross (Samara Weaving), Derek channels all of his surprised rage into a violent frenzy, making use of whatever office supplies he can find to despatch those who stand in the way of him and his boss.
In the wrong hands, Cho's evolution from push-over to office warrior could have felt somewhat contrived, but Steven Yeun is perfect in the role, channeling the charisma of Glenn from The Walking Dead with surprising relatability. Even when he's hacking away at colleagues with rusted office supplies, audiences continue rooting for Derek, no matter how depraved he becomes — and much of that is down to Yeun's breakout performance on the big screen.
Steven Yeun Represents A New Kind Of Hero
'Mayhem' [Credit: RLJE Entertainment]
Among the various Asian stereotypes and awkward instances of whitewashing that plague Hollywood, Steven Yeun's starring role in Mayhem is a genuine game-changer, although the progressive nature of the film may be lost among all of the bloodshed. As the lack of love for scary movies during awards season can attest to, horror is rarely considered with the same respect as other genres, despite its inherently progressive outlook.
Aside from Yeun's turn in Mayhem, the majority of Asian-American roles that appear on our screens continue to promote sweeping generalizations that suggest these actors are only capable of playing walking stereotypes. Just take a look at the likes of Han (Matthew Moy) on 2 Broke Girls or Long Duk Dong (Gedde Watanabe), from Sixteen Candles. Often emasculated, Asian men are typically depicted as either geeks or kung-fu warriors in Hollywood while women fare even worse, reduced to sexual or submissive characters that are characterized as nothing more than geishas or dragon women.
According to The Guardian, a fairly recent UCLA report revealed that 49 of the top 100 films released in 2015 didn't include a single Asian character... and as for the rest? Not one starred in a leading role. It's no wonder then that Thai-American actor Pun Bandhu expressed his frustration at the lack of opportunities for actors in his position, explaining to the outlet that:
“We're the information givers. We're the geeks. We're the prostitutes. We're so sick and tired of seeing ourselves in those roles.”
As if that weren't disheartening enough, Quartz notes that even racially progressive films such as Get Out still fall short when it comes to the portrayal of their Asian characters, often lumping negative stereotypes together into stock characters. This then is exactly why Steven Yeun's career trajectory is so impressive.
Steven Yeun Is Causing The Right Kind Of Mayhem In Hollywood
After winning fans over on #TheWalkingDead and impressing fans in the South Korean movie Okja, Yeun's starring role in Mayhem is truly revolutionary, depicting an Asian-American lead in three-dimensional terms. Derek Cho may start out as an exploited employee, but by the end of the film, his transformation is both astounding and believable, empowering audiences as his character revels in a newfound strength. When's the last time that you saw an Asian-American lead triumph over adversity and even win the girl by the end of the movie?
While it's woefully disappointing that these roles remain few and far between, it's still worth celebrating the fact that real-life Asian-Americans are finally starting to see themselves represented more on screen despite the persistence of whitewashing. During an interview with Vulture, #StevenYeun discussed how things are improving in this regard, although Hollywood still has a long way to go in terms of representation:
"I think we're finally getting there, but it took time, because at a certain point, we had to apologize to survive. You look back at that lens and go, “That's so fucked up, what they did in the past!” and it really was a different time."
Unfortunately, Yeun acknowledges that even his role as Glenn on The Walking Dead wasn't always fleshed out fully, often defined instead through his relationships with others. It seems then that the key to improving Asian-American representation on screen is a question of balance:
"A greater part of the argument is that we have to find this balance of the beauty of the collective of our Asian-American-ness, and wanting to show that in its best light, but also, not painting yourself without the broader stroke of who you are... I'm so different from you, and you're so different from me. I offer a unique perspective of me."
Starring roles matter, but they need to be varied, portraying Asian-Americans as the rounded individuals they are across a range of genres. Mayhem is commendable in this respect, but we still have a long way to go before Asian-American audiences no longer feel the same kind of frustrations that plague Yeun's character at the start of the movie.
Mayhem will be released in select theaters alongside VOD and digital HD on November 10 before later making its debut on Shudder. What did you think of Mayhem? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below!
(Sources: The Guardian, Quartz, Vulture)
/
Three ways workplace rules must adapt to match the 21st century's evolving economic opportunities
March 19, 2018 5 min read
A Note From The Editor Think your company has what it takes to make our Top Company Cultures list? Apply now. Apply now »
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Uber's recent call for Washington state leaders to provide contract workers with access to health benefits reflects how the gig economy is transforming the nature of work. Policymakers should heed this call and force a conversation around how to better support those working in the industries of the future; they should also consider how they can adapt workforce policies to enable small business owners and entrepreneurs in more traditional industries to provide their workers more economic opportunities.
Related: The Gig Economy Is Reinventing the Enterprise -- Don't Get Left Behind
Clearly, the gig economy is here to stay. Tech companies like Uber, Handy and TaskRabbit -- which was acquired last year by the Swedish retailer Ikea -- are rapidly growing and offering opportunities for individuals to take on a variety of jobs to earn a living or make some additional income on the side.
According to a 2016 study by McKinsey & Co., roughly 30 percent of working-age Americans are already engaged in the gig economy, and some labor experts predict that that economy, with its freelance workforce, could make up the majority portion of the American workforce within a decade.
Uber's suggestion to the Washington State
As the gig economy, in tandem with automation and artificial intelligence, continues to alter the very definition of work in the 21st century, policies governing our workforce must evolve with it. The letter Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi wrote with SEIU leaders urging Washington state to create a “portable benefits system” model was a step in that direction.
The portable benefits system model would provide gig economy workers with access to health and retirement benefits as they move from full-time work to part-time contract or freelance roles.
And, while portable benefits may or may not be the best solution, it's a great starting point for this conversation. The ultimate implementation of any new system like this one will require wholesale changes to state and local laws. In the portable benefits scenario to succeed, for instance, laws would have to be adjusted to allow contract workers to transfer benefits between jobs.
The public dialogue on this topic portends a radically different system of just how aging state and local labor policies may have to eventually adapt to a dramatically changing American workforce.
And, while most people may think that the "gig economy" and contract work are proliferating only in the tech sector, they're misinformed. Here are three ways traditional companies also are exploring ways to tap into the gig economy, even possibly offering their workers voluntary “Uber-style” opportunities to make more money alongside their day-to-day roles.
1. Staffing up during peak hours
Companies across a variety of industries, from retail to warehousing, are turning to work-on-demand platforms to augment staffing during their busier seasons. Papa John's locations, for instance, posts one-off pizza delivery gigs on the app Wonolo whenever the pizza giant's staff is stretched, on particularly busy days.
Related: Is the Gig Economy Killing the 9-to-5 Job? No, But It's Giving It a Run for Its Money.
2. Crowdsourcing for additional deliveries
Retailers, in particular, are exploring how they can offer opportunities for individuals to earn additional money by making home deliveries. Programs such as AmazonFlex allow people to deliver local Amazon orders, while Walmart is piloting a program that gives its employees opportunities to make deliveries on their way home from work.
And it's still early, but observers are also wondering about just how Ikea may look to integrate TaskRabbit into its customer services.
3. Bringing on flexible hires
Many of the largest companies are now turning to online freelance services to add flexible hires during those companies' busiest seasons. Samsung, for example, has partnered with freelancing platform Upwork to staff quick turnaround projects, which has reduced administrative costs while fitting the tastes of younger, more collaborative workers.
All interesting enough, but these moves beg the question: As more companies experiment with the gig economy and offer these types of new income opportunities, will they run into existing workforce rules, such as wage, overtime and benefits laws?
The gig economy already accounts for nearly $800 billion in spending, and as this work increases in popularity, policymakers will need to explore how current rules must adapt to meet the demand for these types of jobs -- for both workers and employers.
Related: Gig Economy Platforms Are Creating A New Class of Entrepreneurs
In the end, there is no question that our economy and workforce are in the midst of a transformative evolution that is providing new economic opportunities for millions of Americans. But, for more people to benefit from these opportunities, workforce policies on the local, state and federal levels must increasingly keep up with the dramatic pace of change.
The City of Rockingham's International Food Festival was well-attended last Friday night. Photo: City of Rockingham
The City of Rockingham's International Food Festival was well-attended last Friday night. Photo: City of Rockingham Picture: Picture: City of Rockingham
Churchill Park in Rockingham was transformed into a food lover's paradise on Friday night as throngs of people attended the City's International Food Festival.
With more than 25 food trucks set up on the foreshore offering cuisine from across the globe, patrons were spoiled for choice.
A number of cultural performances — including belly dancing and Akwaaba African drumming — were accompanied by free children's activities.
Rockingham Mayor Barry Sammels said the event has been a hit on the City's calendar for a number of years and he was pleased at how popular it had become.
Rockingham police officer-in-charge Senior Sergeant Brett Reyne said there were no incidents to report across the events at the foreshore on Friday, Saturday or Sunday.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United host St Etienne on Thursday in the first leg of their Europa League knockout tie.
The game will give Florentin Pogba the chance to face brother Paul, assuming the £89million man is not rested by manager Jose Mourinho.
Mourinho is expected to name a strong lineup against the Ligue 1 side, but there could me some rotation as United travel to Blackburn in the FA Cup just three days later.
With that in mind, MirrorSport takes a look at the United players who deserve to start the European tie...
Marcus Rashford
(Photo: Reuters)
Rashford has started five of United's last 10 games and there have been numerous reports he is frustrated with his lack of game time. After a strong start to the season the 19-year-old has struggled to hit the back of the net. His last 27 games for club and country have brought just two goals and he has not scored in the Premier League since September.
He is likely to start at the weekend but Mourinho should start him on Thursday too. He is at a key stage in his development and the chance to start regularly could do wonders for his form and confidence. Rashford launched his senior career with a stunning performance in this competition, a similar display on Thursday could propel him back into the manager's first team.
Timothy Fosu-Mensah
(Photo: Getty)
Fosu-Mensah has been limited to Europa League, FA and EFL Cup appearances this season but has impressed in his seven outings. The 19-year-old looks a likely solution to United's ongoing right-back problems but he needs more game time.
Mourinho remains unconvinced by Matteo Darmian and Antonio Valencia will be 32 this summer. United will look to sign a new right-back at the end of the season but they should give Fosu-Mensah as much game time as possible before deciding if a new arrival is necessary.
Luke Shaw
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
European football is, arguably, what scuppered Shaw's United career. Before PSV Eindhoven's Hector Moreno broke his leg in September 2015, Shaw was in superb form, he was thriving under then-manager Louis van Gaal.
Shaw didn't play for the remainder of that season and has not looked the same since he came back. There have been rumours of attitude problems and disagreements with the manager and it looks as though he could be sold in the summer. But to let Shaw leave without giving him the chance to prove himself would be a incredible waste of time and money.
Shaw is clearly talented but is unlikely to win back his place simply playing lower tier opposition in domestic cup games. He needs match time against decent opposition.
Anthony Martial
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Jose Mourinho speaks about Anthony Martial Share this video Watch Next
Martial's mixed start to the season that has seen him dip in and out of the team and face criticism from his manager, but that could be about to change. The Frenchman was superb against Watford at the weekend and duly got his name on the scoresheet. What he needs now is consistency.
So much of Martial's game is about confidence and he will only get that from playing regulalry. If he named in the lineup against St Etienne it will be his third consecutive start — something he hasn't achieved since August.
04:42 John Cross
West Ham's new signing watch
For West Ham, Joe Hart, Marko Arnautovic, Pablo Zabaleta and Javier Hernandez all started.
Joe Hart
The cheers of ‘City reject' began when Hart came out for the warm-up and were cranked up by the Stretford End as West Ham's on-loan keeper stood in front of Manchester United's fans prior to kick-off.
Hart claimed he had nothing to prove to Pep Guardiola, only to Slaven Bilic and England boss Gareth Southgate, but the 30-year-old, who spent last season on loan at Torino, was under huge scrutiny at Old Trafford.
Hart was certainly kept busy by United's relentless pressure and equipped himself well, coming off his line sharply in the 18 minute to deny Juan Mata, and showed decent anticipation to palm away a dangerous cross from Henrikh Mkhitaryan just before the half-hour.
There was little he could do to keep out Lukaku's thumping opener or the forward's second, for which he was left exposed by his lamentable defence.
(Image: Rex Features)
Pablo Zabaleta
Released by Manchester City in the summer, Zabaleta found himself back in his former adopted city for the opening game of the new campaign, along with former Blues team-mate Hart.
(Image: REUTERS)
He may have lacked the pace and dynamism demanded of full-backs by Guardiola, but Bilic wanted Zabelata's experience, although that counted for little with the Argentine stranded upfield as United launched the breakneck counter-attack that led to their opener.
Zabaleta was also culpable for United's second goal, his cynical foul on Marcus Rashford earning him a yellow card and allowing Mkhitaryan to pick out Lukaku from the set-piece to establish a 2-0 lead. Not a happy return to Manchester for Zabaleta.
Marko Arnautovic
Signed from Stoke for £20m this summer, rising to £25m, Arnautovic was largely anonymous here, his task made harder given he was up against Antonio Valencia, described by Mourinho as “the best right-back in the world”.
(Image: REUTERS)
Arnautovic plundered some spectacular goals for Stoke, but his Premier League debut for West Ham was strangely subdued, his only moment of note coming in the first-half coming when he was ruled offside, then compounded that error by thudding a shot against the frame of the goal after the whistle had gone, much to the amusement of the home fans.
Arnautovic did clip the bar with a looping header just before the hour mark, but such moments were few and far between from the Austria international.
Javier Hernandez
Former Manchester United striker Hernandez received a warm reception before kick-off on his return to Old Trafford, but the Mexico international, who spent five years with the Reds, scoring 59 goals in 157 appearances, did little to trouble his old club.
(Image: PA)
It took Hernandez, a predatory finisher but also an habitual offside offender throughout his career, just two minutes to ensure the assistant referee's flag was raised, although West Ham played so deep and had so little of the ball there were few occasions when the 29-year-old forward was able to get in behind United's defence.
One moment summed up Hernandez's afternoon, just after the hour, when he found himself in bags of space in the centre circle, under no pressure, and proceeded to under hit a pass which was intercepted with ease by United full-back Valencia. Hernandez will surely score goals for West Ham, but his best days - which came in the red of United - are undoubtedly behind him.
The CBOE started bitcoin futures trading on Monday, and their value shot up despite bitcoin price remaining relatively lower. Photo: Bloomberg
Last year, I wrote a column explaining how blockchain technology works, and what bitcoins, which are based on blockchain technology, actually are. Blockchain is an internet technology that is impervious to tampering where all transacting parties in a ‘chain' of transactions always know the value of the initial ‘block'. A ‘block' could be defined as a fixed number of anything—products, money, and so on.
The future of blockchain technology across industries is assured, but bitcoin is a special animal, as are other ‘cryptocurrencies'. A cryptocurrency firm creates a set of shares or ‘coins' in its own entity, which have an initial set value and fixed number, in the hope that these shares will become a medium of exchange (a form of money) through which people settle transactions. Since the number of coins is fixed, demand for them goes up as more people use bitcoins to settle transactions. The bet is that each bitcoin's value goes up stratospherically since there will never ever be any more bitcoins issued. Meanwhile, the creator and early owners sit on top of this pyramid. According to Bloomberg, less than 1,000 individuals own 40% of all bitcoins.
The total number of bitcoins was fixed by its creator at 21 million. However, only 12 million were issued on day one. Apart from the ability to buy bitcoins or to transact in them, one can also ‘mine' them from the unissued store of 9 million using ‘miner' software—and in most cases, specialized hardware as well.
Miners are at the bottom of the bitcoin pyramid, and work very hard, at great expense, to mine them. Their efforts have ‘mined' 5 million additional bitcoins to date, from the unissued store of 9 million.
Mining bitcoins is accomplished by verifying other bitcoin transactions. For example, if I buy a Dell computer in bitcoin, miners will immediately start the process to verify that my bitcoin is genuine. Miners don't verify a single transaction, they use powerful software and hardware to verify many of them.
Once miners find the key to the block in the blockchain being used by Dell, myself, and others, the block is verified as genuine and the miner is rewarded for the effort with a few bitcoins. Initially this reward was 25 new bitcoins, but is now much less.
Not only is the reward smaller, mining new bitcoin is now also much more difficult than in the early days of the bitcoin rush. The number of attempts it took on 8 December to find the correct key is around 1,590,896,927,258, according to Blockchain.info, a site for the latest real time bitcoin transactions.
This number of attempts is exponentially greater than it was in the early days of bitcoin. Mining was designed by the bitcoin creator's system to become infinitely harder as the unissued store ran out. Mining now requires so much computing power that the UK's Independent reports, rather unbelievably, that the electricity expended for the computing power used for bitcoin mining is already eating up more energy than 159 individual countries.
Meanwhile, both the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) and the Chicago Board of Options Exchange (CBOE), which are large, official, derivatives markets, will launch trading in bitcoin futures this month. In theory, this opens the doors to regular investors who want exposure to bitcoin but can't—or don't want to—trade actual bitcoin, much like a buyer of gold futures doesn't want to hold gold bars.
The expected flood of interest from mainline investors is supposedly part of the reason that bitcoin's price recently shot past $15,000, but the euphoria surrounding bitcoin in the last few days is based solely on mindless speculation, and not on fundamental strengths. This is a repeat of the crazy days of the dot-com boom, when anyone who launched a business even remotely associated with the Internet, saw meteoric rises in their stock prices for no sane reason whatsoever.
The fact that a futures market exists doesn't mean that the price of the underlying asset will go up, it just means that variances in the underlying asset's value can be bet on. With futures, investor money will not be pouring into the bitcoin market. Instead, it will be buying derivatives that bet on fluctuations in bitcoin's price. A derivative like a futures contract does not carry the same risk as the underlying asset (in this case bitcoin) does. Also, futures transactions are settled in cash and not in the underlying asset itself. It is entirely possible that investors who are negative on bitcoins will use the futures markets to bet against it, since it is much easier to sell a futures contract at lower-than-the-market price than to actually short-sell bitcoin. These investors will exert downward pressure that will signal the actual bitcoin market to tumble.
Also, sovereign governments don't like allowing companies to issue their own coins and will eventually regulate or outlaw cryptocurrencies, much like Victorian England stopped allowing the East India Company to issue its own coinage in India after the First War of Independence in 1857. Alan Greenspan has compared bitcoin to Confederate money printed by the American South; that currency went defunct at the end of the American Civil War. Today's governments are unlikely to wait for war to break out before they regulate something that affects their ability to issue and guarantee currency—their medium for exchange and storehouse of value.
Meanwhile, miners, and anyone else who owns bitcoins, need a bitcoin wallet, which functions like an encrypted bank account to hold what they earn. While bitcoin transactions themselves are protected by blockchain technology, the wallets are prone to attacks by hackers. On 7 December, the Wall Street Journal reported that NiceHash, which markets itself as the largest mining marketplace, revealed that approximately 4,700 bitcoin, or around $75 million, had been stolen from a wallet due to a security breach.
Stay away, unless you have nerves of steel and like to gamble without knowing your odds.
Siddharth Pai is a world-renowned technology consultant who has personally led over $20 billion in complex, first-of-a-kind outsourcing transactions.
A Toronto hospital and research centre fired dozens of employees for alleged misuse of its employee benefits plan.
St. Michael's Hospital spokesperson Leslie Shepherd said in a statement Tuesday that 31 employees were fired after $200,000 in irregularities was discovered during a routine audit.
“The hospital takes its role as custodian of the public trust very seriously,” the hospital said. “St. Michael's has a strict policy for its health benefits plan.”
Doctors are not covered by the health care plan.
St. Michael's is one of the top 15 research hospitals in Canada. It is home to the Li Ka Shing Knowledge institute. Known as the “Urban Angel,” the Catholic hospital was founded in 1892 by the Sisters of St. Joseph.
One of the suspected organizers of the St. Petersburg Metro bombing on April 3 has been detained in the town of Odintsovo, near Moscow, the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) announced, adding that the man appears to be from Central Asia.Russia's Federal Security Service has detained a person who could have been involved in the explosion in the St. Petersburg Metro, as part of the criminal investigation launched by the Investigative Committee, the center said in a statement."One of the organizers of the investigated case, who is a native of the Central Asian region, Azimov Abror Akhralovich, born in 1990, has been detained in the area of Odintsovo, Moscow Region," the statement says.It is, however, still being investigated whether Dzhalilov intended to be a suicide bomber or the device was set off remotely.Azimov is currently being held at a Russian Investigative Committee facility for further inquiry.After being apprehended, officers discovered a combat pistol on him, the FSB announced, according to RIA Novosti news agency.Earlier in April, eight people were detained on suspicion of being involved in the St. Petersburg terrorist attack, the Russian Investigative Committee said. Six were arrested in St. Petersburg and two others in Moscow.
A new poll suggests that while Canadians have a negative feeling about the nation's economy, they are increasingly positive about their personal finances. ( Chris Young / THE ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE PHOTO )
Canadians remain uneasy about the nation's overall economic prospects even as they are more optimistic about their own personal fortunes, a new survey suggests. Pollara Strategic Insights' 22nd annual outlook poll reveals 57 per cent believe the country is in recession. But that is lower than the 76 per cent that felt that way in last year's survey. “There's what economists call a recession and there's what people feel,” Pollara's executive vice-president, Craig Worden, said Tuesday. “We've seen this now for nine years in a row that people have said we're in recession,” said Worden, pointing out Canada emerged from the recession sparked by the 2009 global financial crisis years ago.
Article Continued Below
“That just . . . speaks to how long it takes . . . to get out of the doldrums and into something more sunny and positive,” he said. Pollara conducted an online poll of 1,501 Canadians from Jan. 25 to 30 with results considered accurate to within 2.5 percentage points, 19 times out of 20. Of those surveyed, 575 were from Ontario. Worden noted that while Canadians have a negative feeling about the nation's economy, they are increasingly positive about their personal finances.
About two-thirds — 65 per cent — felt at least one positive emotion about their own economic situation, with 39 per cent “optimistic,” 36 per cent “calm,” 34 per cent “confident,” 19 per cent “happy,” 18 per cent “proud,” 9 per cent “excited,” and 8 per cent “inspired.” In contrast, 48 per cent felt “at least one negative emotion about their financial outlook, with 35 per cent “worried,” 17 per cent “resigned,” 15 per cent “upset,” 14 per cent “pessimistic,” 13 per cent “sad,” 9 per cent “ashamed,” and 6 per cent “bored.” “The increase isn't that people see us in a period of strong growth, it's entirely an increase of people — 19 per cent more Canadians — now seeing us in a period of moderate growth,” said Worden. “Nobody's throwing confetti in the air. Everybody is sort of cautiously optimistic,” the pollster said. “Overall, on every score, everybody is more positive than they were last year — even where the results are negative.” That's an intriguing finding for Canada since 2016 saw the divisive election of U.S. President Donald Trump and turmoil sparked by the United Kingdom's vote to leave the European Union. “We've just come out of a year of upheaval and uncertainty with Brexit and the Trump election . . . and yet everybody is more positive now than they were last year,” he said, referring to Pollara's January 2016 poll. That said, Worden warned it could be challenging for any Canadian political leader to cash in electorally on the improving mood of the country. “It is hard for politicians to get the credit for a good economy, but they always get the stick for a bad economy — that's the conundrum that they're always in.”
Empathetic 'Anatomy Of A Scandal' Does Justice To A Dark Subject
Editor's note: This review contains spoilers. Read on at your own risk.
Rape has become such a standard feature of crime novels that a literary prize was launched last month for the best thriller "in which no woman is beaten, stalked, sexually exploited, raped or murdered." I felt weary recognition when I read about the Staunch Prize; I could build a fortress out of all the rape thrillers I get sent in the mail each month. You know the types: For men, something about a hardbitten, boozy detective solving some gruesome rape and murder of a young blonde girl; for women, a gauzy black cover, "Girl" or latterly, wokely, "Woman" in the title, maybe an unreliable narrator, possibly an abusive boyfriend. They stack up, and with them, a kind of exhaustion. "Reading anything fun?" my friends will joke.
But within the world of books and TV where rape is a central plot point, there is a chasm between works that treat it with nuance, and ones that derive a dark energy from it, that try to make it part of the thrill. The difference is easy to see. Think of the barely-veiled eroticism of the rape scenes in Game of Thrones — the gold-lit tapestried bedrooms, the camera's horrible, charged lingering on women's quivering mouths and filling eyes. Perhaps the goal shouldn't be to stop writing about it, but to do it better.
Anatomy of a Scandal is in many ways the standard middlebrow crime fiction indicated by that familiar gauzy black cover — female protagonist with a hidden past, clear but not elegant writing, and persistent but mild suspense. But Sarah Vaughan, who was previously a reporter at the Guardian, brings a sustained attention and care to the subject that ensures rape is never played for thrills, instead delving into complicated questions of consent and criminality.
The plot centers around three women: Kate is an emotionally detached barrister who prosecutes sexual offenders. Her quarry is James Whitehouse, a politician accused of rape by Olivia, his young researcher and erstwhile mistress. Meanwhile, his privileged wife Sophie, who until then had been "someone whose life has been as bright and solidly precious as a fat gold ingot," has to decide whom she believes.
We're familiar with the standard masked rapist of fiction. As Kate notes at one point, "Juries are keen to convict the predatory rapist, the archetypal bogeyman down a dark alley, yet when it comes to relationship rape, they'd really rather not know, thank you very much." This is only just beginning to change, and Vaughan's novel is interesting because it features a serial rapist who doesn't seem to know he is one. Moreover, his victims had been attracted to him and did consent (or would have) to sex in other circumstances — meaning Anatomy of a Scandal is balanced on the edge of our shifting attitudes towards rape.
One of the novel's other rich strains is the relationship between Kate and Sophie, who (spoiler alert) knew each other as undergraduates. Lesser authors might have set these women against each other, but Vaughan does something carefully subversive instead. In an early flashback to Kate and Sophie's university days, we're given a tableau of three people in an Oxford don's office: Sophie is the pretty B-student crossing and uncrossing her legs for the professor, Kate is the smart, chubby girl in Doc Martens feeling overlooked, and the don is the renowned scholar sitting there eyeing Sophie's legs.
'Anatomy of a Scandal' cleverly and cleanly undercuts some of the queasy hallmarks of its genre.
It's such a familiar setup: Hot girl versus deserving dweeb, vying for male approval. But instead of leaning into that ready-made cheerleader/nerd dynamic, and having us side with the nerd, Vaughan has Kate pipe up with a smart point — and then Sophie stops fussing with her legs and comes out with some good ideas, they have a good discussion, and then afterwards the two girls go off for tea. They become friends of sorts. What a wonderful, subtle bait and switch. The gross professor is beside the point. One girl doesn't have to win at the other's expense.
Anatomy of a Scandal is full of quietly revealing choices like that one, showing an empathetic and careful mind at work. "I am tired of man's inhumanity to man." Kate thinks. "Or rather, his inhumanity to women and children." The reason rape saturates books, TV, and film is that women are beaten, stalked, sexually exploited, raped, and murdered in real life.
Fiction is one way we have of examining our culture, and processing our experiences. Anatomy of a Scandal cleverly and cleanly undercuts some of the queasy hallmarks of its genre, the things that so often make reading about rape feel like participating in our own degradation. While it still happens, we'll keep reading and writing about it — in reckoning, in preparation, in fear, in anger — so we may as well read books that do it justice.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was left with facial injuries after he was attacked by a group of people in the Old Duke pub in Bristol city centre.
The incident, which was caught on CCTV, happened around 9.20pm on Friday, April 13 at the Old Duke pub in King Street.
A man was attacked by a group and had suffered cuts to his face as a result of the assault.
(Image: ASPolice)
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the incident.
He is described as a white male of medium build and aged between mid to late 20s, with mousey brown short hair and facial stubble.
(Image: ASPolice)
A spokesman for Avon and Somerset police said the man was wearing a black and white chequered shirt and blue jeans at the time of the incident.
Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting incident number 5218079171.
You can also get in contact with Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 and quoting the incident number above.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Shattered syntax
Editor: The Dec. 15 Times-Tribune headline “Scranton super banned from negotiations” moved me to write.
School board President Bob Sheridan said, “We had concerns with how involved” Superintendent Alexis Kirijan, Ed.D., was in contract negotiations. “We feel that after the last situation we were in, there may be a conflict between Rosemary (Boland) and Dr. Kirijan.”
Who is Sheridan fighting for, the taxpayers that voted him into office, or Ms. Boland's teachers union?
Mr. Sheridan's announcement during a private, closed-door executive
session was met with resistance from at least one board member, Cy Douaihy. Mr.
Douaihy said, “I wasn't consulted on it. I just think it's very short-sighted. I believe
you need the educational professional in the room.”
Ms. Boland “was pleased to learn that Dr. Kirijan would not be present in the negotiation room,” the news story said. Why wouldn't she feel that way? Now she has the two board members with general equivalency diplomas to deal with, not an educational professional.
If Sheridan and School Director Bob Lesh are going to quote old sayings like, “Beauty is only skin deep but ugly goes clear to the bone,” at least they should try to get them right. On Nov. 16, Sheridan said, “We've got to tighten our belts and pull our belts together.” It actually goes like this, “We all have to pull together and tighten our belts.” On Dec. 14, Lesh said, “I've never seen our backs up on the wall like this time.” It goes like this: “Our backs are up against the wall,” not on the wall.
Another great saying of Lesh on the same day: “We're dying on the vine, we're picking the last raisin.” A grape of a special sort, dried in the sun or in an oven, is a raisin. You don't pick raisins off a vine.
DAVID B. TAYLOR
SCRANTON
Rough ride ahead
Editor: Thomas Paine's words, “These are the times that try men's souls,” fit what we are experiencing with President-elect Donald Trump. Since I started voting in the 1960s I cannot remember a presidential election that has traumatized me and more than half the country more than this one. It is unprecedented. We have to face reality, unfortunately.
I can't believe that Americans elected someone who wants to surround himself with white male billionaires, retired generals and Goldman Sachs people to run the country. Most of his Cabinet picks intend to destroy the very agencies — the Environmental Protection Agency, and the departments of Energy, Education, Labor and Housing — that they will lead. It's the scenario of the fox being admitted to the henhouse. So much for draining the swamp.
It's even more frightening to think that he will have his finger on the nuclear button as in the movie “Dr. Strangelove.”
We see him on Twitter every day telling lies and making asinine statements and he's not even president yet.
What happened to one president at a time?
There's no question he is a loose cannon. He lost the popular vote by almost 3 million votes, so no matter what he proclaims, he definitely has no mandate.
He promises to roll back most of President Obama's energy regulations, including the Clean Power Plan, and withdraw from the Paris climate agreement that 200 countries have accepted. He says climate change is a “hoax created by the Chinese.” By the way, 97 percent of the world's scientists agree that mankind is a major contributor to climate change. The health of the planet depends on us replacing fossil fuels with renewable resources.
If this is the president that people voted for then so be it, but they need to be prepared for the roughest ride of their lives.
JOHN HAHN
SHOHOLA
First lady of hate
Editor: Hate and intolerance are learned behavior. In order to learn it you first must be taught.
An excellent teacher is Michelle Obama. In a recent TV interview with Oprah Winfrey, she proclaimed, “”We feel the difference now. See, now, we are feeling what not having hope feels like.”
It refers to her false perception that the President-elect Donald Trump equates to no opportunity.
Let's forget for a moment that our national spokeswoman has more access and privilege than 99 percent of the world. Her message is not to focus on the reality that you live in the freest, most opportunity-rich place on the planet, but to devote your existence toward anger and bigotry. Her destiny is to become a more wealthy elitist.
Those who follow her teaching are destined to become bitter nonperformers. I appeal to my fellow Americans to steer away from those who want you to wallow in hate and pain. Together, we will make America great again.
KIRK MATOUSHEK
SIMPSON
Leafy nuisance
Editor: It's hard to believe but it's January and the city of Scranton can't even pick up leaves left over from the fall.
I've heard all kinds of excuses from city officials but the bottom line is that tons of leaves remain in gutters all over the city. Do city officials not understand how these leaves now impact the storm drains? Mayor Bill Courtright is too busy worrying about the sale of the Scranton Sewer Authority to be bothered with leaves.
Well, Mr. Courtright, what's going to happen if we get a major rainstorm and residents have raw sewage backing up into their basements? It could happen and Mr. Courtright and his pathetic administration will not be ready to deal with the problem.
Mr. Courtright said he was going to get the city back on track and he can't even get the leaves picked up correctly.
VINCENT GAGLIONE
SCRANTON
Disservice to topic
Editor: I believe the recent column by Donnie Collins (“Hazing policy sparks debate,” Dec. 15), reacting to Major League Baseball's new anti-hazing and anti-bullying policy, is a classic representation of the many people who are grossly uninformed and/or insensitive to this important issue and its negative impact on not only baseball, but society in general.
It could be that, unknowingly, Mr. Collins “bit off more than he could chew” in tackling this complex subject without doing his homework. The column glosses over the seriousness of the issue. In doing so, he does a disservice to the many who are hazed and bullied every day, as well to those inside and outside of sports who work hard to combat the problem successfully.
MIKE MOULD
LA PLUME
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
We are now about 24 hours into one of the weirder and to be honest more entertaining sagas in sports social media history, and the sleuths on Sixers Twitter may or may not have found links to the burner accounts we thought belonged to Sixers president Bryan Colangelo that could indicate that some or all of them actually belong to his wife.
For example:
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨 Colangelo's wife, Barbara Bottini has a phone number ending in 91, almost certainly linking her to 3 of the burner accounts. WOW. pic.twitter.com/PQpe5GccEh — Did the Sixers win? (@DidTheSixersWin) May 31, 2018
When you type Bryan Colangelo's wife's # into the Twitter reset form. 🤔 pic.twitter.com/dyTqyGHUeW — Milmore (@StoolMilmore) May 31, 2018
For more evidence of her number ending in 91, see the following screenshot from @2003mubb who noted the recovery number on Barbara's listed email: pic.twitter.com/hxHXgnOUGu — Kyle Scott (@CrossingBroad) May 31, 2018
Given that Colangelo told the Yahoo reporter Jordan Schultz that someone was out to “get” him (though he has since walked back the wording), this would be quite the development.
IF IF IF it winds up having been Colangelo's wife operating all these accounts, it still might be a fireable offense for her husband. Confidential information and disparaging opinions about people in his organization were shared. That being said, it would no longer be the slam dunk it's felt like all day that Colangelo would be out of his job.
The Ellis County Commission will consider purchasing a new rescue/wildland fire truck at Monday's meeting.
The truck will replace a truck that is almost 40 years old.
The commission will also consider selling old radio equipment and get a report from the Cottonwood Extension District Director.
Monday's meeting starts at 5 p.m. at the County Administrative Center.
Energize Connecticut, in partnership with Eversource and AVANGRID, Inc. subsidiaries United Illuminating, Southern Connecticut Gas and Connecticut Natural Gas, is now accepting entries for its 13th annual eesmarts Student Contest, a competition encouraging students to create projects about energy efficiency, renewable energy, and sustainability. The deadline for entries is April 28, 2017.
The contest is open to Connecticut students in Grades K-12 and college.
College students, enrolled in a two or four year Connecticut college or university, are invited to write a 25 to 30 minute play supporting the eesmarts curriculum and mission to compete in the “Wright the World” category. The play should be written for a young audience, preferably Grades K-5, and explain the many ways energy is made, identify energy resources, clarify what it means to be energy-efficient and sustainable and provide examples of ways to save at home or at school. The winner will have the opportunity to produce the play for a school tour during the 2017-2018 academic calendar.
Students competing in the Grade 12 category will create a persuasive image that advocates for energy conservation, an alternate energy source or an environmental concern, which showcases their knowledge of this subject. Options include writing a short poem (125 words for less), drawing a cartoon strip (12 cells or fewer), or making a video (:30 seconds; Windows Media Player). Entries will be evaluated based on scientific accuracy and concise and convincing imagery.
Students in Grades 9-11 are asked to propose a community-based project to address an energy-related issue. Students may work in groups of up to five members and the winning team's school will receive funding to make their proposed project a reality before the end of 2017. The eesmarts program provides grants for first, second and third place.
Students in Grades K-8 are assigned grade-specific topics and asked to submit their entries in the form of a poster (Grades K-2), narrative (Grade 3), news article (Grade 4), book review (Grade 5), essay (Grade 6), speech (Grade 7), or public service announcement (Grade 8).
For grade levels K-12, winners will receive Amazon Gift Cards.
Finalists in all categories and grade levels will be honored at a special awards ceremony on June 2, 2017 at the State Capitol in Hartford.
For more information about the contest, please visit www.eesmarts.com/contest.
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron embrace at the end of a news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron embrace at the end of a news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump likes to tell a story about the U.S. paying out billions of dollars to Iran as part of the multinational deal freezing its nuclear program and easing sanctions against it. What he doesn't say is that most of that money was Iran's to begin with. The rest relates to an old debt the U.S. had with Iran.
The numbers and some details change in his retelling - dating back to the 2016 campaign - but his bottom line is always the same: The Obama administration was hoodwinked into giving Iran all that money, some of it in a huge and hidden bundle of cash.
The latest iteration of his claim Tuesday and the reality behind it:
TRUMP: "The Iran deal is a terrible deal. We paid $150 billion. We gave $1.8 billion in cash. That's actual cash, barrels of cash. It's insane. It's ridiculous. It should have never been made. But we will be talking about it." - remarks before a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron. At a news conference Tuesday, he spoke about "giving them, Iran, $150 billion at one point."
THE FACTS: There was no $150 billion payout from the U.S. treasury. The money he refers to represents Iranian assets held abroad that were frozen until the deal was reached and Tehran was allowed to access its funds.
The payout of about $1.8 billion is a separate matter. That dates to the 1970s, when Iran paid the U.S. $400 million for military equipment that was never delivered because the government was overthrown and diplomatic relations ruptured.
That left people, businesses and governments in each country indebted to partners in the other, and these complex claims took decades to sort out in tribunals and arbitration. For its part, Iran paid settlements of more than $2.5 billion to U.S. citizens and businesses.
The day after the nuclear deal was implemented, the U.S. and Iran announced they had settled the claim over the 1970s military equipment order, with the U.S. agreeing to pay the $400 million principal along with about $1.3 billion in interest. The $400 million was paid in cash and flown to Tehran on a cargo plane, which gave rise to Trump's dramatic accounts of money stuffed in barrels or boxes and delivered in the dead of night. The arrangement provided for the interest to be paid later, not crammed into containers.
___
Find AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow @APFactCheck on Twitter: https://twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — The Democratic candidates for Scranton City Council will debate Monday at 6:30 p.m. at the University of Scranton.
The debate will take place in the Kane Forum on the 2nd Floor of Leahy Hall, Linden Street and Jefferson Avenue. The Democratic candidates are councilmen Joe Wechsler, Bill Gaughan and Pat Rogan plus Scranton School Director Paul Duffy, former school director Kyle Donahue and Cesar Reyes. Richard Johnson, the lone Republican candidate, faces no opposition for his party's nomination and is not part of the debate.
Admission is free and the public is welcome.
— BORYS KRAWCZENIUK
AUSTIN, Texas — Deep into the fourth quarter and leading by 30 points, No. 8 Texas was still applying full-court pressure to No. 22 TCU, turning the ball over for more easy baskets.
Perhaps still stinging from an upset loss at TCU a few weeks ago, the Longhorns seemed to be sending the message that the balance of power in the Big 12 hasn't turned yet.
Ariel Atkins and Brooke McCarty each scored 16 points as Texas cruised to a 92-65 win Saturday. It gave the Longhorns sole possession of second place in the league and kept them within striking distance of conference leader Baylor.
"I thought our team was pretty special today, in a lot of ways. Lots of energy," Texas coach Karen Aston said.
That energy exploded in the first quarter when Texas raced to a 27-4 lead that swamped the Horned Frogs and never let them back in the game. Atkins made three early 3-pointers and Texas' swarming pressure defence forced seven turnovers in the first period. The Longhorns also blocked seven shots in the first half.
"This is a conference if you aren't ready to go, it can get out of reach really quick," TCU coach Raegen Pebley said. "The same kind of thing happened to Texas at Baylor where it got out of hand quick. That happened to us today."
Texas led 50-24 at halftime and stretched the lead as high as 36 in the third quarter, even as Aston emptied her bench and used multiple lineups on the court. McCarty scored in double figures for the fourth time in six games and last season's Big 12 player of the year seems to have fully shaken off a mid-season slump that saw her scoring nearly disappear.
Texas outrebounded TCU 44-28 and scored 21 points off of TCU turnovers. In the first matchup, TCU made 9 of 11 3-pointers, but was 5-of-19 Saturday.
"We knew if we came out and played hard on defence, we would get those stops. We fed off that," McCarty said.
Lauren Heard scored 18 points for TCU (16-6, 7-4), which hasn't beaten a ranked opponent on the road since 2008.
When Sean McAllister was first approached to curate the opening event of Hull City of Culture 2017 his immediate reaction was to run away. However, the documentary filmmaker also knew that it if he did, he would almost certainly regret it.
Born and brought up in Hull, his filmmaking career had begun while he was on the dole in the 80s and his fortunes have neatly mirrored the city's own. For a while Hull became a byword for deprivation and on the annual list of ‘Crap Towns' it was always right up there. However, its bid to become only the second-ever UK City of Culture was impressive. It said Hull wanted to step out of the shadows and over the last 12 months it will be hoping to make good on that promise.
Animation director Zsolt Balogh in front of the Hull Maritime Museum. Picture: Jonathan Gawthorpe
“It feels good to be in Hull right now,” says McAllister, whose most recent film A Syrian Love Story won him a Bafta nomination. “What I wanted to do was tell the story of the city itself. Hull has so many interesting stories to tell, but I decided that I wanted to focus on the 70 years from the start of the Second World War to the present day.
“It was a neat timeline, which runs from pretty much Hull's oldest living generation to its youngest. The war, I think, is a good starting point. Hull was the second most bombed city after London, but there were a lot of people who felt that it was ignored and the sacrifice it made never really honoured. Much of the rebuild which took place afterwards was really down to the character of resilience of the people and I think that's worth celebrating.”
McAllister knew that he wanted to use key locations and buildings in the city centre to lead visitors on a trail through the last seven decades and, as soon as he accepted the invitation to curate the opening event, he set about putting together a team of local and international artists to deliver his vision.
Taking centre stage is animation director and video designer Zsolt Balog who has combined archive footage with cutting-edge CGI animation to create a panoramic 15 minute film which will be projected onto the Hull Maritime Museum, the Ferens Art Gallery and City Hall.
Quentin Likely
“I don't want to show you too much as I don't want to spoil the surprise,” says the artist who has a version of the projection on his laptop. “I don't have any particularly connection to Hull, but sometimes I think it's good to have a fresh pair of eyes on the past. Sean was very clear what he wanted, but once he'd given me the brief he also left me too it and it's been lovely to have that degree of autonomy.
“What I quickly realised was just how rich the story of this place is. Some of those chapters have been traumatic, some joyful and uplifting and I wanted to create a piece which would do justice to the story of this place. I didn't want to sugar coat it, but I did want to leave people with a sense of optimism.
“I also wanted it to say something both to the people of Hull and visitors who come from elsewhere. I wanted it to be entertaining, I wanted it to be educational, but I also wanted it to have a sense of drama. This is the opening event and I think it's important that we lead from the front.”
From the heart of the city centre, the trail leads through to Zebedee's Yard where Leeds-based company Invisible Flock will unveil their sound installation 105+db, which is a celebration of the city's football team.
“We went down to the KC Stadium on November 29 to record Hull City versus Newcastle and turned our equipment on the crowd rather than the players,” says Invisible Flock's Ben Eaton. “One hundred and five decibels is the point at which you can no longer hear individual voices and that's what we wanted. We wanted to capture the atmosphere. The highs and lows, the key moments.
“Fortunately Hull won on penalties, but it really wouldn't have mattered if they had lost. Any dedicated football fan knows that
Ben and the rest of the Invisible Flock team have also handed out Go-Pros to various Hull residents and the footage will be edited to form another work just further along from Zebedee's Yard.
“I guess we wanted our contribution to be about ordinary people, those who live and work here. Sometimes with these large scale events it can feel like having art imposed on a place and we really wanted people to feel they were part of it right from the outset.”
It's the exact same philosophy which underpins local artist Quentin Budworth's contribution. A few months ago he put out an appeal for people wanting to recreate movie moments. There were just a couple of criteria. Hull had to provide the backdrop and those taking part had to provide their own props.
“Perhaps unsurprisingly I had a lot of people wanting to do the Audrey Hepburn Breakfast at Tiffany's moment, but it did seem to really spark people's imagination and it's been a fun – and often slightly surreal – project to work on. I don't think I will ever forget the day down by the Humber Bridge with the guy who wanted to recreate the Tom Hanks film Castaway. He was taking ages to get out of his car and I wandered over to see what the problem was – it turned out he was making his own Wilson out of a basketball.”
The result, called what else but Hullywood Heroes, also features appearances from Mary Poppins, Ursula Andress, Wolverine and Hull's own take on Rhys Ifans in his underpants from Notting Hill. It will again be projected onto buildings, but in truth the images deserve a permanent exhibition of their own.
Budworth isn't the only Hull artist who has been drafted in by McAllister. Bafta-winning composer Terry Dunn has created a new soundtrack for the Arrivals and Departures installation which explores migration and the journeys of those who had passed through Hull.
“It's a pretty decent canvas isn't it?” says Dunn, stood on a walkway just across from The Deep which the piece will be projected onto. “I left Hull to follow a career composing music for movies, but Hull has never left me. As soon as I heard it was going to be UK City of Culture I wanted to be a part of it and it's lovely to be able to tell this particular story.
“Because of the docks, Hull has always been a place where so many people of different nationalities have passed through. Some have stayed and made their city their home, for others it was just a stop on a longer journey, but it is definitely part of what gives Hull its character.”
Despite his initial reservations that he was the right man for the job, McAllister says that he has enjoyed curating the event and he hopes that together the various installations give a voice to a cross-section of Hull.
“Right here we will recreate an 90s rave,” he says stood in the Myton Bridge underpass. “Or rather Jesse Kanda will. Now he's a character. He generally wears a white robe and walks around without any shoes on. I did tell him that he might want to rethink his look when he came to Hull, but he didn't listen.”
McAllister says there has been almost universal support for the project – in fact only the owners of one building declined to be part of the project. He initially wanted to project Dignity of Labour which looks at unemployment among the young on a city centre Job Centre, but perhaps unsurprisingly the powers that be decided that wasn't the kind of publicity they needed.
“We might have something up our sleeves,” says McAllister, who has never been known to let a simple no get in the way of his plans. “Let's just say you need to watch this space.”
Made in Hull will officially open tomorrow at 4pm followed by a fireworks display at 8.17 (20.17). The event will run to January 8 and for more details go to hull2017.co.uk
Participants pose at the Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Hahoe Village in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Andong's delicacies: steamed chicken in soy sauce and salted mackerel (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
A Bulgarian participant poses in front of the Gurume Traditional Resort in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province, which provides accommodations in traditional hanok homes. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
A woman plays the traditional Korean instrument kayageum at restaurant Yemijeong in front of the tour's participants in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province (Joel Lee / The Korea Herald)
Participants pose at the opening ceremony of the Buncheon Santa Village in Bonghwa County, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Participants pose at the opening ceremony of the Buncheon Santa Village in Bonghwa County, North Gyeongsang Province, Dec. 17. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
Participants ride on a train on Dec. 17 from Buncheon Station in Bonghwa County, North Gyeongsang Province. The train was decorated with a Christmas theme. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
For New Zealand Ambassador Clare Fearnley, her trip to North Gyeongsang Province this winter was like a walk down memory lane.Fearnley visited Hahoe Village in Andong -- a UNESCO World Heritage Site -- to participate in the International Mask Dance Festival in early October.The venue offered a “window into Korea's past,” she said, as a living sanctuary of ancient lifestyles.“Walking through the village alleys, what really impressed me was how many of the homes were actually occupied,” the envoy told The Korea Herald in mid-December, referring to the 120 families still residing there after so many generations.“So it didn't feel like a museum, rather a functioning, coherent whole village with minimal 21st-century technology. How the traditional culture and old ways of life were being carried on made it seem authentic. It intrigued me.”Fearnley was one of a dozen foreign diplomats from New Zealand, Romania, Bulgaria and Mexico who took part in the tour of Andong and Bonghwa County, North Gyeongsang Province, jointly organized by The Korea Herald and North Gyeongsang Provincial Office.The ambassador, who has visited Jeju Island, Busan, Andong, Gyeongju, Gwangju and Gongju, said she has come to appreciate the histories of the different regions whose roots stretch back to the ancient Three Kingdoms of Korea before the early 10th century.Surrounding Hahoe Village, pristine pine forests encircle the township like folding screens, while the Nakdong River flows in an S-shape past stretches of white sand dunes.Andong -- home to traditional houses, intangible heritage and timeworn artifacts -- has been a bastion of Korean culture and history for centuries. Academies, temples and pagodas here have stood the test of time, codifying and edifying Confucianism, Buddhism and shamanism.The region has the Dosan Seowon Confucian academy, built in 1574 in memory of Joseon era official and scholar Teogye Yi Hwang (1502-71), whose face can be seen on Korea's 1,000 won banknote. The boondocks are also famous for a myriad of treasures, including paintings, calligraphies, wooden masks, woodblock prints, scriptures and books.Festivals celebrate the mask dance, traditional funerals, farmers' ballads, freshwater fishing, pot painting and battle games.The group lodged at the Gurume Traditional Resort in Andong, which provided accommodations in traditional hanok homes.“The traditional architecture was beautifully designed with some modernization for convenience, such as the toilet and eating area,” the diplomat said. “I gazed at the stars at night while breathing fresh air.”Traditional delicacies and drinks from the region include “jjimdalk,” a chicken dish with large pieces of potato, spinach, green onions and bean thread noodles in a soy bean sauce; salted mackerel; mushrooms, apples and sesame; and Andong Soju, a vodka-like spirit made from rice.Regarding New Zealand's sightseeing, Fearnley said her country has preserved the indigenous culture and heritage of the Maori people -- who came to the island from China, Taiwan and the Polynesian islands between 1250 and 1300 -- and incorporated them into tourism.There are cultural villages, performances and arts and crafts for an engaging travel experience, she said, noting the Maori people are heavily represented in contemporary tourism services near the sea, mountains and forests.“Due to their strong connection with the land, tourists often go to experience the natural environment,” Fearnley highlighted. The diplomat recommended choosing the shoulder seasons of spring and autumn, when the weather and environment are more pleasant.One of the traditional centers of Maori culture is Rotorua, a town on the North Island renowned for its geothermal activities and indigenous traditions, where visitors can tour mud pools and geysers as well as get a taste of Maori cuisine, arts and crafts and time-honored performances like the haka dance.Other areas include the Northland at the very top of the island, which boasts ecotourism and Maori culture; and Kaikoura on the main island, where people can go whale-watching.At Buncheon Station in Bonghwa County on Dec. 17, the group participated in the opening ceremony of the Buncheon Santa Village, a site refashioned to the style of Santa Claus and the North Pole.“The trip has been very interesting. I arrived in Korea three years ago, and every day I discover something new,” said Alejandro Noriega, consul at the Mexican Embassy. “I never imagined I could find a Santa Village in Korea.”At the village, which will be open until Feb. 28, tourists can enjoy snow and ice sledding, among other activities, and also take photos in Santa outfits.The venue is a joint project by the county and Korea Railroad Corporation, attracting over 330,000 visitors for the last two years. Korail offers a round-trip journey between Buncheon Station and Cheoram Station on a train furnished with Rudolph and Santa Claus decorations.Unlike Catholic and Protestant traditions, Christmas in Georgia is celebrated on Jan. 7, following the old Orthodox calendar, said Zaal Tchkuaseli, counselor at the Georgian Embassy.Georgians savor holiday dishes, the most famous of which is gozinaki, a traditional confection made of caramelized nuts glazed in honey and served exclusively on New Year's Eve and Christmas.“We have a practice called ‘mekvle,' where an invited person first steps into the house on New Year's Day and wishes good fortune and happiness for the entire family,” he said.As Georgia has steep, rugged mountains, there are ample opportunities in winter sports and leisurely activities, the diplomat said, adding that capital Tbilisi has actively promoted the country's winter tourism.“We have world-class ski resorts throughout the country,” the counselor said.“One is the Gudauri ski resort on the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range, a one-hour drive away from Tbilisi's north. Others are recently developed ski resorts in Adjara and Svaneti in the west. They have great potential to become world-class attractions.”By Joel Lee (joel@heraldcorp.com)
A CDT probe is used in aircraft as well as in ships. The ones used in ships are known as Conductivity, Temperature and Depth probe. It provides data on water salinity or lack thereof, it's temperature and water depth at current location.
The CDT probe used in aircraft on the other hand, is used to measure compressor discharge temperature of the aircraft compressor and is therefore installed in the engine compartment just ahead of the inter-cooler. The CDT probe kit for the aircraft usually comes accompanied with a stainless-steel clamp to be fitted around the air-port leaving the inter-cooler.
The CDT probe kit as supplied by US-based J.P Instruments features a thermocouple type ‘K' CDT Probe along with a stainless-steel clamp thimble and also includes one stainless steel exhaust seal washer and one stainless steel screw type clamp.
The purpose of wanting to know the discharge temperature of the aircraft compressor is to prevent the possibility of detonation brought about by excessive heat in the compressor of the aircraft.
What usually happens is that, the aircraft intercooler cools the air so much that the upper limit of temperature is usually never reached. Basically, pilots need to know the inlet temperature limits for the aircraft engine and the temperature of the air at this point. So long as the CDT indicates a temperature reading that is below what the maximum should be, the aircraft is fine. If CDT temperature reading is above the upper limit, the pilot has to take a call on whether the conditions justify the reading.
As we are aware, CDT can be critical under certain circumstances e.g. staging a dual annular combustor for a high bypass turbofan commercial jet engine where fuel-to-air ration can be critical.
Specifications and working of the CDT in aircraft: To obtain the correct compressor discharge temperature reading, the EGT Probe is mounted externally but directly in the flow path of the air discharged from the compressor. As the air flows, it touches at least one thermocouple and data is returned to the indicator (or EDM) in the cockpit.
Basically, a hole bored into the engine case and the CDT is fitted into that. The exhaust air gets channelled into this hole and into the housing containing the CDT probe which in turn measures the air temperature. The CDT probe returns n electrical signal to the connected display unit or Aircraft Engine Monitor mounted in the cockpit. Modern EDM's can compare the current temperature with the pre-set max temperature and in the event of an anomaly, sound the appropriate audio-visual alarm.
What matters is the response speed of the CDT. Any temperature spikes should be brought to the pilot's attention immediately – and this is where the JPI CDT scores. JPI's grounded CDT Probes are manufactured using a space-age material, Hastaloy-X, capable of withstanding harsh sulphur atmosphere of temperature exhaust gas. Also, it's 1/16″ in diameter cable is less susceptible to temperature loss and therefore are more accurate than the fatter temperature probes manufactured by the rivals. You can select and buy CDT probes here: https://www.jpinstruments.com/product-category/probes-sensors/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Japan has been rocked by a 5.4 magnitude earthquake which occurred off the coast close to Fukushima nuclear plant.
Earthquake alarms sounded in Tokyo before the country experienced the shaking, according to reports.
The original magnitude was reported to be at least 6.2, before it was revised to 5.9 and later 5.4 by the United States Geological Survey.
Japanese authorities confirmed that there was no tsunami threat.
The earthquake, that had a depth of 50km, was followed by a magnitude 4.7 aftershock.
(Image: www.jma.go.jp)
(Image: www.jma.go.jp)
It occurred off the coast, 17 km north east of Iwaki.
Iawki is just 35 miles (56.5km) south from the now-disabled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.
The plant's reactors went into meltdown after it was struck by an earthquake and tsunami on March 11, 2011.
The tsunami destroyed the automatic generators used for cooling the reactors at the plant.
(Image: The Asahi Shimbun)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
As a result, the reactors overheated leading to three nuclear meltdowns and radioactive waste being released.
Further radiation released into the air then found its way into the water.
No deaths have been directly linked to the disaster, although hundreds more people are expected to die of cancer as a result of radiation over the coming decades.
Regardless of faith, ethnicity or class, each of us is taught at a young age that it is our duty to help those in need. Americans take that moral responsibility to heart. As individuals, we help our neighbors. Through churches and local organizations, we feed our communities. And as a country, America leads the world in providing food for millions of people in need of assistance.
When governments cannot feed their own people, chaos and violence are sure to follow. Food assistance provided by the United States – almost 10 percent of hard red winter wheat exports in 2016 were through food aid programs – leads to greater stability in regions of the world important to America's strategic interests. The President's proposed budget cuts to food aid programs would only undermine those interests.
While our country's collective moral convictions make fighting hunger the right thing to do, the benefits we receive as a nation from reducing global food insecurity also make it the smart thing to do.
President Ronald Reagan recognized the power of food in shaping foreign policy. In 1983, at a signing of a World Food Day proclamation, Reagan chided the Soviet Union for failing to provide humanitarian relief to those in need, and offered a direct challenge to the Kremlin to explain why the Soviet Union only provided weapons but not food assistance to the underdeveloped world.
While the threats of today are different than those faced during the Cold War, American food aid continues to serve our national interests by promoting political, economic and social stability on a global scale, in addition to elevating our country's moral standing and leadership.
For decades, we have witnessed food-related hardships act as a catalyst for protests and armed conflicts that harm America's strategic interests abroad. From 2007 to 2011, spikes in global food prices led to increased food insecurity and unrest in the world. In the Middle East and North Africa, food-related protests were one of the major drivers of the mass uprising of the Arab Spring. The widespread turmoil in these oil-producing regions caused major volatility in energy prices. And even as food prices have leveled out since 2011, we continue to deal with the reverberations of the Arab Spring.
In Syria, the Islamic State uses the promise of food and basic necessities to recruit soldiers. Food shortages have led refugees to leave camps and return to an active war zone in search of food for themselves and their families.
Closer to home, food prices contributed to rioting in Haiti in 2007 and 2008. As food prices increased and economic conditions deteriorated, US Coast Guard interceptions of people from Haiti attempting to immigrate to our country also increased.
The National Intelligence Council warns that a continuation of the fundamental contributors to food insecurity – such as expanding populations, the slowing of agricultural yields and gaps in infrastructure and distribution systems – without greater assistance by the United States will result in increased food insecurity and instability in the Middle East, Africa and South Asia. Congress has a critical role to play here in delivering that assistance.
Through my role on the Senate Appropriations Committee, I am committed to protecting the gains we've made in international food aid programs. While chairing the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, I fought for a $134 million increase in Food for Peace Title II funding, which is a USAID initiative that provides in-kind donations of American agriculture commodities to countries with critical food needs. Our subcommittee also increased funding for McGovern-Dole, a program that promotes education for children, especially for young girls, by providing meals at schools located in areas most critically in need.
This administration's budget proposal, which eliminates funding for the McGovern-Dole Food for Education and makes cuts to USAID, will harm our long-term national security interests and reduce our leadership in the world.
We are outraged at the crimes of ISIS, Al Qaeda, Boko Haram and other terrorist groups. We rightfully label the actions of these groups and corrupt global leaders, which have led a number of countries to the brink of famine, as evil. But unless we back up that outrage by continuing to support global food aid programs, it rings hollow.
When signing the proclamation in 1983, Reagan cited 450 million people in developing countries who were undernourished. Our global population has risen by 3 billion people since that time, and today, there are nearly 800 million people in the world who do not have enough food to lead healthy, active lives. While significant strides have been made in the fight against food insecurity, for both strategic and moral reasons, our commitment to ending hunger cannot end now.
I urge my colleagues to consider the implications of global hunger and join me in supporting policies that help solve this problem. America's unmatched generosity helps to feed the hungry across the globe while benefiting our citizens here at home.
Jerry Moran is a United States Senator for Kansas and a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee. He serves as co-chair of the Senate Hunger Caucus and formerly chaired the Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, which allocates funding for certain USAID and USDA global food programs.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island's Camilla Thurlow and Jamie Jewitt could have gone the same way as a lot of their reality star counterparts – lapping up the glossy mag shoots, saying yes to the Instagram detox tea deals and taking a huge paycheque before disappearing into obscurity.
But instead the not-quite-a-couple-yet pair have been praised for using their new platform to shine a light on the important issue of homeless refugees, who are being held in a Greek processing centre before they can be found permanent places to live.
Camilla and Jamie – also known as Jamilla – went on a humanitarian visit to the Greek city of Thessaloniki last week and documented their experience on Instagram.
And now their fans can't get enough of Jamilla's "authentic" approach to helping others, in a move that has been hailed as "smart, thoughtful and heartwarming".
(Image: Instagram/camillathurlow)
(Image: camillathurlow/Instagram)
Jamie and Camilla documented the trip preparing meals and handing out food to refugees, dispensing hugs and listening to the stories told by those who have fled their countries and made the difficult trip overseas.
And Camilla found herself moved by her experiences in the camp – especially after meeting a group of teenage girls who all wanted careers that would let them help others.
"They know what it feels like to be alone and they never want anyone else to feel the same way," she wrote on Instagram after talking to her new-found friends.
(Image: Instagram/camillathurlow)
(Image: Instagram/camillathurlow)
(Image: Instagram/camillathurlow)
"Despite the absolute horror and inexplicable violence these women have seen, somehow they have chosen love over hatred. Watching this group of ambitious, intelligent and compassionate individuals I was overwhelmed with sadness; they will not have the chance to live the life they deserve."
Jamie, who had built an obstacle course for the 350 children now living at the Larissa camp, said it was a "particularly hard situation to get our heads around", seeing so many youngsters living in temporary accommodation.
"I have never had such a rewarding experience," he wrote next to a slew of pictures on Instagram.
(Image: camillathurlow/Instagram)
(Image: camillathurlow/Instagram)
(Image: camillathurlow/Instagram)
"After setting up an obstacle course for the youngsters, playing Where's Wally in the library and teaching the guitar to those interested it became apparent how much the kids and adults here appreciated the structure and attempt at normality," he added.
Both he and Camilla urged their followers to buy the Choose Love t-shirt available through Asos, the proceeds of which all go towards helping those caught up in the refugee crisis.
Jamilla's fans thanked the Islanders for their voluntary work, with one telling them: "Fantastic and very humbling. I would rather see what good you two are doing than what the rest of the Love Island ers are doing mainly thanking for the clothes they've been given."
(Image: camillathurlow/Instagram)
(Image: camillathurlow/Instagram)
(Image: camillathurlow/Instagram)
(Image: camillathurlow/Instagram)
Another wrote: "So amazing to see how you have used your platform! Really need more people like you in the world."
And a third said: "Singlehandedly influencing thousands, so clever, thoughtful and authentic - such a smart and heart warming move to use your lovely watchability on a reality show as a platform for good. Nice work, sincerely well done."
Jamie and Camilla have been filming a short documentary of their trip, which will be available to watch soon.
I don't know if The Cresset has a motto, but “if it isn't broke, don't fix it” would do for me.
That is certainly the case when it comes to panto, which this year sees Snow White at the venue until December 30.
Kevin Kennedy, Victoria Jane and Zach Vanderfelt who are appearing in Snow White at The Cresset EMN-170926-100322001
It has a formula that works, year in, year out. Take a well known story, add a TV soap star, some familiar faces, a sprinkling of instantly recognisable songs and some slapstick comedy - not forgetting the must-have panto gags.
This year, based on Sunday's matinee show, they have even ramped it up a notch making it, for me, the best in recent years with a great combination of humour, music and dance.
Last year's Wendy, Victoria Jane returns in the title role and revels in it. She is very likeable, lights up the stage with her smile and sings beautifully.
Her suitor -Prince Florizelle - is very able song and dance man Mitch Hewer, who has a voice to match his good looks.
The laughs come from the mother and son combo Dame Betty Bon Bon and Muddles. Zach Vanderfelt returns for the umpteenth year as the man of many frocks, and what great creations they are. Like a fine wine he gets better with age, and once again demonstrates great timing and delivery. And former Coronation Street star Kevin Kennedy is a natural funnyman who plays the clown with ease delivering the usual crop of corny, Christmas cracker jokes to great aplomb.
All pantos need a good villain - and The Cresset has a winner in the shape of Britt Lenting as Queen Sovania. She is not long out of We Will Rock you in the West End and as well as being a menacing, cackling baddie has one hell of a voice.
She quite rightly gets plenty of stage time and the big Queen numbers - including Killer Queen naturally - are the highlights. The use of “live video” works well too.
She is so good, it seems wrong to boo her!
The song list with Little Mix and Ed Sheeran hits was upbeat and just right for the story while the young dancers from Limelight Theatre were heavily involved in all the musical scenes and truly excellent.
Just look at us. Everything is backwards. Everything is upside-down. Doctors destroy health, lawyers destroy justice, universities destroy knowledge, governments destroy freedom, the major media destroy information, and religion destroys spirituality.
One father of a Charlottesville marcher is denouncing his own son after the young man was seen on national news spouting hate over the weekend.
In a letter to Fargo, North Dakota's Inforum, Pearce Tefft wrote that his family wasn't sure where his son Peter picked up his racist beliefs.
“I, along with all of his siblings and his entire family, wish to loudly repudiate my son's vile, hateful, and racist rhetoric and actions,” Tefft wrote, clarifying that he certainly didn't learn such values at home.
Following Ashwin Willemse's walk off the SuperSport set, citing a “patronising” Nick Mallett and Naas Botha, Supersport has decided to retain the services of all three men.
Following Ashwin Willemse's walk off the SuperSport set, citing a “patronising” Nick Mallett and Naas Botha, Supersport has decided to retain the services of all three men. This decision, my friends, is the beginning of corporate rainbowism, a world where people of different races cannot be allowed to have difficult or uncomfortable discussions, race must stay out of the equation.
To start at the end of a process is in itself an interesting process. To believe in sausage so much that it has no connection to a cow is to live in a different world; where slaughter does not exist. This is a world that is clean and without dishevel. Worlds can be like this or can be made to be. They can also be messy, which is also its own kind of clean, its own order, its own organising principle. Clean and messy can live side by side as one or in separate spaces. There is space for all types. This end process (as imagined by Supersport before complications) is Ashwin Willemse sharing work duties with Naas Botha and Nick Mallet after the walk-off debacle. It's clean. A gentleman's disagreement is re-agreed. A miscommunication or misunderstanding is straightened out. This is the typical picture propagated by uncaptured corporate South Africa – cleanliness.
This is how corporates profess to work; with a measure of intense organisation and discipline. In such an order, to hope for anything but the neatest end is to be delusional.
So, what were the possibilities?
1. Willemse turns Kaepernick and forsakes job security to advocate for racial equality. A movement is started, hashtags trend and a hero exalted.
2. Naas Botha and Nick Mallet are fired in a stance that sends a message about racial intolerance. The guilty are shamed, humiliated and maybe even jailed. The masses cheer.
3. Botha and Mallet are retained and Willemse fired. The message: blacks are unprofessional whiners and corporate SA is anti-black. This is the route of dystopia, where the black people continue to dream about sticking it to the (white) man.
Supersport however took the road less travelled, the Alice in Wonderland option. The small door. Although this has proved impossible and ill-advised, they decided to retain the services of all three men and have them share a studio the following week. This initial decision my friends is the beginning of corporate rainbowism. No difficult discussion should be had if they can be avoided. Since the dawn of democracy corporate SA has let white supremacy rein but that is no longer the case. Just as apartheid pushed business tycoons to seeks another route to riches, the digital evolution currently upon us has business speaking a new language. Netflix and digital media technologies as a whole are squeezing Multichoice and the entity cannot afford to lose both white and black audiences. The base of the company is too tiny to upset the apple cart.
Welcome to a world where people of different races cannot be allowed to have difficult or uncomfortable discussions (war is bad for business), race must stay out of the equation. This is a cartel economy. It is not an economy based on disruption and competing ideas but an agreement between seemingly minority players happy to fix the game. South Africa has always been a cartel economy. This denial of racism is the most extreme form of rainbowism; the races considered so equal that racism can never exist. When it is hinted, and bursts into the national consciousness it is to be expelled (Remember the movie Men in Black – we all gather round and a flash of light wipes our memories clean?).
The news cycle will move on. Until the next incident. Flash of light. Wash and repeat.
We cannot blame Willemse. No one wants to be a hero. Ask any hero. We cannot blame the aggressors. They do not know any better. We cannot blame business for keeping to a certain order. The system is the system. Do we blame ourselves? Self-flagellate? We don't have to.
The system mutates. If we are not to dismantle it because that proves too difficult, then we just have to strive to move with it. If Masheba Ndlovu is going to tackle weighty issues of women abuse and out women bashers all the while selling the big brand that keeps Metro FM afloat, then let's not fool ourselves. If we are to ride the system, its best to stay atop the beast than beneath its feet.
Amid all the noise, if you saw no way that Willemse could share a stage (especially a week on) with individuals who patronise him, then you are not alone. One person had to be fired, and we could accept our man losing. But for all to win is a bit of a stretch. In fact, no one wins when the wounds are allowed to fester – not even Supersport.
In this confusing saga, however, the idea of stretch might actually be the answer. Stretch your imagination. South Africa and the world is no longer for narrow and feeble minds. If you are messy you will have to be clean, and if you are clean the reverse is true.
The next time the issue of race, or the issue of being in this fraught land, comes up, be angry if you must. Fight if you must, console, coerce, educate, plead, beg, punch, touch, be touched…Most importantly stay open to the limitlessness of possibilities. Anything is possible. The other option is to stay out of the loop, which in itself is a different kind of order.
* This piece was first published on The Journalist.
Mumbai-based seafood firms are considering a hybrid model, through offline and online offerings, to expand their footprint to other geographies. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: Even if you cannot do without your daily serving of fresh seafood, the foul smell at the neighbourhood fish market could put you off. That's not all. Navigating puddles of dirty water to reach your fishmonger could push you further into believing that it is perhaps not worth the pain.
This may soon be a thing of the past. Encouraged by the rapid growth of e-commerce across categories in India, seafood could soon be on the e-tailers' menu. Mumbai-based seafood marts are considering a hybrid model, through offline and online offerings, to expand their footprint to other geographies.
PescaFresh, which has been serving over 50,000 Mumbaikars for well over a decade through its retail store network, is in talks with Amazon to sell its products on the US-headquartered e-tailing major's platform. Integrated seafood company WestCoast Group's Cambay Tiger is looking to expand its offline stores beyond Mumbai to Pune and Delhi.
“We started experimenting two years ago with a store in Bandra and now have three stores that are hugely successful,” said Cambay Tiger CEO and WestCoast Group director Shivam Gupta.
PescaFresh's journey into seafood retailing started with shop-in-shop arrangements with retail chains such as HyperCity and Aditya Birla Retail Ltd's More. However, it had to exit those partnerships two years ago, with retailers failing to meet the stringent quality control requirements for storing and handling fresh fish.
Now, PescaFresh believes it has the wherewithal to work as a fulfilment partner for delivering fresh fish ordered on e-tailers such as Amazon. “We have over the past couple of years focused on processes and systems,” said Sangram Sawant, founder and CEO PescaFresh, adding that the company will also look to set up retail outlets in Delhi and Pune.
India's Rs2.84 trillion seafood market is estimated to grow at a compounded average rate of 8% between 2016 and 2021, according to consultancy firm Wazir Advisors.
Moreover, the market is largely unorganized with 97.5% of the seafood sold by volumes comprising unbranded produce, which is sourced from the traditional markets, said Harminder Sahni, founder and managing director, Wazir Advisors.
However, organized companies such as WestCoast's fresh fish retail unit and PescaFresh are growing at a much faster rate. “We started farming fresh river fish about one-and-a-half years ago for our own seafood marts. This business has grown 200% year-on-year as the consumer understands the freshness,” said Rahul Kulkarni, director, WestCoast Group.
Likewise for PescaFresh. The retailer has clocked 60% annual growth over the years.
India will always remain a fresh market, skipping frozen food. Advanced markets, such as the US and the UK, too, are moving back to consuming fresh, says Sawant.
Head of the Harbor's deer population has reached an alarming level and appears to be growing, but an experimental birth control program village trustees hoped would roll out this spring has been delayed until next year, Mayor Douglas Dahlgard said.
In the meantime, he said, Avalon Park and Preserve, a partner in the program and one of the village's largest landowners, has done preliminary work with infrared drone cameras to locate and count deer and is working with residents to set “camera traps” for the deer as they walk through the village's heavily wooded lots.
Village trustees are also considering changes to village code that would permit high deer fencing in residential districts but are wary that new legislation could have unintended consequences, for example, pushing hungry deer to target unfenced yards.
A spokeswoman for the New York State Department of Conservation, which must review the birth control program before it can be implemented, said the agency had not yet received an application.
Dahlgard said the program, intended to test administration of a birth control vaccine, may be expanded to include a surgical component. The program had been scheduled to start in February and will now start in 2019, he said.
Researchers are “getting feedback” from the DEC before submitting an application, said Allen Rutberg, director of the Center for Animals and Public Policy, Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine at Tufts University, one of the partners behind the program, in a statement emailed by a spokeswoman. The other partners, Humane Society of the United States and Avalon, did not respond to requests for comment.
Subhead
Suffolk County's deer population ranges from 25,400 to 34,600, according to the DEC. The agency does not estimate local populations. Dahlgard's own estimate for the village is a “couple hundred.”
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The deer are beloved by some who feel they impart a rural feel to the village, but they have a taste for hostas, shrubs and other yard plantings, tormenting gardeners. They also bring ticks, a vector for disease, and they wander in front of cars and jump spiked fences, sometimes with gruesome results.
“Regulated hunting is the only viable tool available” for large-scale population management, according to the DEC's latest available management plan for white-tailed deer. But that solution was unpalatable for a significant portion of residents — not to mention illegal, under municipal code that forbids weapons discharge within village limits — and trustees voted in 2016 to proceed with the birth control program, testing an immunocontraceptive drug called porcine zona pellucida, or PZP. The vaccine, which would be delivered to does by dart by trained researchers operating under an amended village code, stimulates the doe's immune system to block egg fertilization.
The surgical component would include removal of doe ovaries, a procedure Dahlgard said had been successful on Staten Island and in Fairfax, Virginia.
To be effective, deer fertility control must treat more than 90 percent of the breeding female deer in a herd and must be maintained for at least a decade, according to the DEC.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City travel to the Macron Stadium to face Bolton Wanderers on Friday night as they look to make it back-to-back Championship wins.
The Robins secured a vital 2-0 win over QPR last weekend despite playing more than half the match with ten men.
Bolton are currently 22nd in the league and are facing a battle to prevent relegation back to League One after failing win since New Year's Day.
What time is kick-off and how can I keep up to date with the match?
The game kicks off at 8pm and any City fans not attending the match can learn the team news and then keep up with all the action as it unfolds on our live match blog at www.bristolpost.co.uk/bristolcityfc.
The game will be live on Sky Sports Football with the coverage starting at 19.00pm.[
It is available for Sky customers who don't have Sky Sports, Sky Mix (channel 287) will also show the game for FREE.
What is the team news?
Bristol City continue to be without their long-term absentees: Eros Pisano, Jens Hegeler, Gary O'Neil, Callum O'Dowda and Ivan Lucic.
Nathan Baker starts the first game of his three-match ban while Frank Fielding is expected to miss out with knee injury.
New signing Lois Diony could get his first start after joining from Saint-Etienne after coming off the bench against QPR.
Bolton lost top scorer Gary Madine on deadline day with the striker heading to Cardiff City. Phil Parkinson has signed four players including Zach Clough who returns to the club he left 12 months ago.
Tyler Walker, Reece Burke and Jon Flanagan are all in line to make their debuts after joining.
What happened the last time the two sides met?
City defeated the Trotters 2-0 at Ashton Gate back in September. Famara Diedhiou bundled home at the far post to give City a 39th minute lead before Aden Flint wrapped up the points in the second half. Bolton ended the game with ten men as Felipe Morais received a second yellow card.
What's been said?
Lee Johnson said: "It's a tough game, there's no doubting that. Their pitch is tight, the way Phil (Parkinson) has them set up is nice and secure; they have a lot of experience in their ranks as well and it was a difficult game in the first fixture.
"I think this will be even tougher, given it is on their patch and they have improved a lot.
"Massive credit should go to them because they looked dead and buried early in the season but such is the strength and character of their team that they have come through and picked up some really good results.
"When we played them last time they hadn't won for a number of games and that run continued after."
Bristol Post verdict - 2-0
Bristol City take advantage of the Trotters' influx of new signings to grind out a vital away win. We'll tip new boy Lois Diony to open up his account for the Robins.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pub has raised the bar on serving trebles – after notching three £1million lottery wins.
David Long, a regular at The Mallard, toasted the first windfall on EuroMillions in 2013.
And he enjoyed a double after landing a second £1million in the same draw in 2015 – beating odds of more than 283 billion to one.
David said at the time: “I always knew I'd win, even the first time. I just had a feeling it was going to be me. I tend to play when I know there are lots of prizes on the go.”
But incredibly, landlord Ian Brooke, 43, has now made it a treble for the pub in Scunthorpe, North Lincs.
And the father-of-four, who has run the boozer for 18 years, has said he will honour a promise he made to hand £125,000 each to his two best friends.
David, who was working as a HGV driver, nearly missed out on his first big win. He mistakenly thought he had won just £2.70 and chucked the ticket in the bin. But as he was on his way out he ­realised he needed to buy a newspaper, and retrieved the ticket to cash it in. David said: “I had to fish the ticket out of the bin and found when I got to the shop that it was worth a heck of a lot more.
“That win was fantastic and couldn't have come at a better time.
“Times had been really tough and I had been really ill for three years, unable to work leading up to it.
(Image: PA)
“I lasted three days at work and then took early retirement.”
David said his wins had been “amazing” and he had been able to treat the family, buy a new car and finally get hitched to partner Kathleen after a 12-year engagement.
The couple is believed to have stayed loyal to The Mallard and still live in their static caravan.
The Tax Bill And The Military
President Trump has promised to increase military spending. Rachel Martin talks to retired Army Col. Peter Mansoor about whether that spending is possible under the Republican tax plan.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "YOU CAN'T ALWAYS GET WHAT YOU WANT")
ROLLING STONES: (Singing) You can't always get what you want.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Last year, the Trump campaign played this song, "You Can't Always Get What You Want" by the Rolling Stones. And here's why it's relevant now. The president and his fellow Republicans want to get big tax cuts. But if you pass tax cuts, the federal government doesn't have as much money to spend on building up the military, which the president also wants.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: We want to deter, avoid and prevent conflict through our unquestioned military strength. We have the greatest people in the world. We have to give them the greatest equipment.
(APPLAUSE)
INSKEEP: OK, so how does that desire match up then with the push to cut taxes for the wealthy and businesses and people who inherit $11 million or more? Peter Mansoor is our next guest. He's a retired Army colonel, now a military historian at Ohio State who joins us via Skype. Good morning, sir.
PETER MANSOOR: Good morning, Steve.
INSKEEP: You know, I'm thinking there was a remark by Jack Reed - Rhode Island senator - the other day saying there's a conflict here. You can't cut taxes and raise military spending. We put the same statement, though, to the Republican house speaker, Paul Ryan. And he said I don't even understand where that would come from. So let me put it to you. Does the tax cut effectively make a statement that we're abandoning military priorities?
MANSOOR: Well, it depends on whether the Republicans can get bipartisan consensus to raise the debt. Because a significant raise in military spending, say 15 percent, would add about $1 trillion to the debt over 10 years. And it's not clear that anyone has the stomach for that in Washington.
INSKEEP: Is that increase actually needed now that the U.S. is not fighting big ground wars in Iraq and Afghanistan like they were a few years ago?
MANSOOR: Well, that's a good question. We do face a rising China, a resurgent Russia and a nuclear North Korea. But there's no clear and present danger the way there was, say, in the World War II or Korea or Vietnam War buildups. On the other hand, we have the smallest number of deployable U.S. Navy ships since World War II, an Air Force tanker fleet and B-52 bombers that are more than half a century old and the last major-weapons buy for the Army in the 1970s and 1980s. So the equipment of the military is aging rapidly.
INSKEEP: So what happens if funding is not increased then?
MANSOOR: Well, the military will make do what it has and improve existing weapons systems. But they will be harder to maintain. And the readiness of U.S. forces will decline slowly over time.
INSKEEP: Well, let me ask about the consequences of that. Because you mentioned if Republicans who control Congress were willing to increase the debt - borrow more to expand the military - then the tax rates don't really matter. You're just borrowing more. Is that a sustainable course?
MANSOOR: Well, it depends on whether you think $20 trillion-plus in debt is sustainable for our economy to support. If you believe that there will be massive growth in the years ahead and the economy will forge forward and become much larger, then that debt would be more sustainable. But if the growth rate remains under 2 percent, then you'll have rising interest payments. And you'll be saddling future generations with huge amounts of debt that they'll have to pay back eventually.
INSKEEP: Wasn't there a time when military officers were raiding the federal deficit and federal debt themselves as a national security threat?
MANSOOR: Well, to be clear, military officers don't make the decisions. The politicians do.
INSKEEP: You bet.
MANSOOR: And the last major military increase in peacetime was the Reagan defense buildup. But even then, the president said that it was necessary to win the Cold War. There's never been a major military buildup in peacetime absent a major strategic threat to the United States.
INSKEEP: But I guess if we said the debt is a national security threat, what we would mean is there might be a time when we really need to borrow lots of money for a serious military effort and we don't really have the money. Is that it?
MANSOOR: Oh, absolutely. The biggest increase in debt in U.S. history was to fight World War II. But again, it was an existential conflict that we had to win.
INSKEEP: Peter Mansoor, thanks very much.
MANSOOR: Thanks, Steve.
INSKEEP: He's a retired U.S. Army colonel and now a professor of military history at The Ohio State University. And he joined us via Skype.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Tolisso swaps Lyon for Bavaria in record €41.5m deal
Corentin Tolisso has left Lyon for Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich and he is set to become their most expensive ever signing.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 21:39 IST
Corentin Tolisso representing Lyon in the Champions League
Bayern Munich have completed the signing of Lyon midfielder Corentin Tolisso on a five-year deal, the Bundesliga champions have announced.
The 22-year-old has finalised a switch to the Allianz Arena for an initial fee of €41.5million, which could rise to €47.5m depending on bonuses.
The deal eclipses the €40m Bavaria paid Athletic Bilbao for Javi Martinez in 2012, making him the most expensive signing in their history and Lyon's biggest sale.
"I had a wonderful time at Lyon, for which I was very grateful," Tolisso told his new club's official website.
"Now I'm looking forward to playing for one of the best clubs in Europe.
"I have set myself high goals with Bayern. It's a great day for me."
Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge added: "We're happy that we were able to get this young and very interesting player, despite strong competition from abroad.
"Corentin Tolisso was the dream player of coach Carlo Ancelotti for the midfield. He is a relatively fast, technically good player.
"He's also a player who brings danger to the game. He scored 14 goals last year, with plenty of assists. He's a player that Bayern can look forward to having."
The France international is Bavaria's second signing to be made in the close-season following the capture of Serge Gnabry, and Rummenigge suggested that he would not be the last.
"We've just reached June 14 and the transfer market is open until the end of August. We certainly won't close the door early. But I cannot guarantee who will come. So wait and watch the market."
With files from George Henderson, MyCaribooNow.com
Wildlife, like people, are being impacted by the wildfires burning in the Cariboo.
But Helen Schwantje, a wildlife veterinarian for the Province, says they have no way of knowing exactly how much.
“We don't have people following animals around watching their behaviour etc…I think the impact on wildlife from wildfires probably varies with the type of fire, whether it's slow moving or fast moving, the type of habitats that are burned and the type of animal that is out there. For example, small animals probably don't have a chance of moving away quickly whereas larger animals like bears and moose probably have an opportunity to move into safer habitats.”
Schwantje says sadly some animals have definitely been lost.
Schwantje also asks that people notify them of any injured or displaced animals from the fires.
Information can be found on the BC Wildlife website.
She says people should expect an increase in wildlife encounters in the fall because of the wildfires burning in the region.
“Experience in other years where we've had fires has certainly proven that animals, such as bears, when there is no food in the back country because of fires or berry failures, they will move into suburban or urban or even rural areas to look for food. Animals like that are highly mobile and they are not stupid, they'll move where the food is. I think it is worth expecting more conflict perhaps this fall from, for example, black bears.”
Schwantje says motorist can also expect more wildlife on the road.
She says there was an increase in collisions involving bears even before the fires however and she says motorists should always expect wildlife on the highways.
CALGARY—A $4.31-billion deal to sell Western Canadian natural gas-processing plants and gathering pipelines is expected to advance Enbridge Inc.'s strategic makeover and pay down debt while funding ambitious growth plans. News of the sale to a partnership led by Brookfield Infrastructure on Wednesday followed word last week that Enbridge's biggest growth project, the $9-billion Line 3 replacement pipeline, cleared its last major regulatory hurdle in Minnesota and is expected to be in service by late 2019.
The Enbridge logo is shown at the company's annual meeting in Calgary on May 9, 2018. Enbridge Inc. has signed a deal to sell its Canadian natural gas-gathering and -processing business in the Montney, Peace River Arch, Horn River and Liard basins in B.C. and Alberta to Brookfield Infrastructure and its partners for $4.31 billion. ( Jeff McIntosh / The Canadian Press file photo )
With $7.5 billion in asset sales announced this year, the company has more than doubled its target set in November to raise $3 billion in 2018, chief executive Al Monaco said. “When combined with asset monetizations announced in May, the sale ... significantly advances our strategic priority of moving to a pure play regulated pipeline and utility business model,” he said in a news release. The deal Wednesday includes Enbridge assets in the Montney, Peace River Arch, Horn River and Liard basins in northwestern B.C. and northeastern Alberta.
Article Continued Below
“This investment represents an exciting opportunity to invest in scale in one of North America's leading gas-gathering and -processing businesses,” Brookfield Infrastructure CEO Sam Pollock said in a statement. “The business is strategically positioned for the continued development of the prolific Montney Basin.” The assets include 19 natural gas-processing plants and liquids-handling facilities, with a total operating capacity of 3.3 billion cubic feet per day, and 3,550 kilometres of natural gas gathering pipelines. Analyst Matthew Taylor of Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. said Enbridge is getting a good price for the package, adding the assets are well placed to benefit from expansion if the long-awaited West Coast liquefied natural gas export industry takes off. “These assets do have some upside to LNG that maybe right now aren't being utilized,” he said.
He said the gas plants are running at high rates but their returns are “commodity exposed” because they don't have take-or-pay contracts with clients. In other words, returns can vary in the future and the assets therefore don't fit Enbridge's preference for predictable returns. In May, Enbridge sold a 49 per cent stake in most of its wind and solar power assets for $1.75 billion to the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and agreed to sell its U.S.-based Midcoast Operating LP for $1.44 billion to an affiliate of private equity firm ArcLight Capital Partners LLC.
Article Continued Below
Enbridge has said it will continue to hold its long-haul regulated natural gas transmission assets. That includes the Westcoast Transmission System in British Columbia that it acquired through its takeover of Houston-based Spectra Energy Corp. last year, and the Alliance pipeline that carries natural gas from Western Canada to the Chicago market. The deal Wednesday is expected to close in two phases, with the sale of facilities subject to provincial regulation to close this year and the sale of those under federal rules anticipated to close in mid 2019. Brookfield Infrastructure's current energy businesses include natural gas transmission and pipelines in the U.S., gas and propane distribution operations in Australia, gas storage in Alberta and the U.S. and district heating and cooling systems in all three countries.
One Song Glory How "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" became an anthem for every cause
This week, NPR inaugurates a new series called American Anthem, exploring songs that tap into the collective emotions of listeners and performers around an issue or belief. Find more stories at NPR.org/anthem.
There's an episode of The Johnny Cash Show from 1969 where the man himself makes a little speech with a pretty big error. "Here's a song that was reportedly sung by both sides in the Civil War," Cash says, guitar in hand, to kick off a performance of "The Battle Hymn of the Republic."
The real history on that point is clear: Julia Ward Howe wrote the song as a pro-Union, anti-slavery anthem. But then Cash goes on to say, " .... which proves to me that a song can belong to all of us." And about that, he's right.
YouTube
I should go easy on Cash for flubbing the history; I had it wrong, too. I didn't even know the "Battle Hymn" had ties to the Civil War up until recently, because I — and maybe you, if you grew up with a similar flavor of Christianity — only sang it in church. Little did I know the song, with its refrain of "Glory, glory, hallelujah," had been used to root for college football teams, or as an anthem for labor unions. Evangelist Billy Graham, who helped popularize the song among Christians, even took it to the Russian army chorus in 1992.
"It's a good march," says Sparky Rucker. A folk singer and historian who performs a show of Civil War music with his wife, Rucker says the "Battle Hymn" rallies with its rhythm: "It's just the right cadence to march along, if you're marching at a picket line or marching down the street carrying signs. ... It really gets your blood going [so] that you can slay dragons."
Dragons are relative, however. Anita Bryant, the singer and conservative activist, used to perform the song at anti-gay rallies. During the 1964 presidential race, Republican nominee Barry Goldwater had to disown a campaign film that posed the election as a choice between two Americas — an "ideal" America, where the tune of the "Battle Hymn" scored images of the founders and the Constitution, and a "nightmare" America, featuring black people protesting and kids dancing to rock music.
On the flipside, the day before he was killed in 1968, Martin Luther King Jr. made his famous "I've Been to the Mountaintop" speech, which he ended by quoting the song's first line: "Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord." His home church, Atlanta's Ebenezer Baptist, took up the song after his death as an anthem to him and the civil rights movement.
"How people relate to patriotism is kind of how they come into the 'Battle Hymn,' " says professor Brigitta Johnson, an ethnomusicologist at the University of South Carolina who teaches in the schools of Music and African-American Studies. "For example, your white nationalists digging deep into heavy patriotism messages — they bring up things like 'The Star-Spangled Banner' and the 'Battle Hymn' and it becomes their battle cry, just as easily as it could become the battle cry for Ebenezer in Atlanta."
In other words, Johnson says, this anthem is all about what you bring to it. And in fact, that flexibility is part of its design.
It's really about supporting whatever your perspective is — about freedom or liberation, and having God as the person who's ordaining what we're doing.
A quick bit of history: It's the middle of the Civil War. Union soldiers are sitting around a campfire, goofing off, singing songs — and they're ribbing on this one guy. "One of the members of the singing group is a Scottish immigrant named John Brown," Harvard professor John Stauffer says.
To be clear, he's not talking about the famous abolitionist, who was executed before the war even began; this John Brown was just a regular soldier. Stauffer, who co-authored the book The Battle Hymn of the Republic: A Biography of the Song that Marches On, says the soldiers were making up new lyrics to the tune of an old hymn, "Say Brothers, Will You Meet Us."
"So when they start making up songs to pass the time, comrades needle him and say, 'You can't be John Brown — John Brown's dead.' And then another soldier would add, 'His body's moulderin' in the grave,' " Stauffer explains. Though their impromptu rewrite was inspired by a regular soldier, the ghost of the abolitionist loomed large — and a marching song called "John Brown's Body" was born.
"John Brown's Body" became super-popular among Union soldiers for a few reasons. For one, the simplicity of the lyrics and melody made it easy to sing, and to remember. More importantly, it glorified the righteous fight against slavery. African-American units picked up the melody and added their own spin: "We're done with hoeing cotton, we're done with hoeing corn / We're colored Yankee soldiers just as sure as you were born."
A few years later, a well-to-do, highly educated poet from New York named Julia Ward Howe came to Washington, D.C. with her minister to visit Union troops. As they did so, Confederates attacked — but the Union soldiers defended, and impressed Howe. Her minister, Stauffer says, pushed her to rewrite the song they'd been singing — "rewrite it and elevate it. Make that song richer for a kind of educated audience."
Sparky Rucker and his wife Rhonda perform a medley of the various incarnations of the "Battle Hymn," from the original religious song to the version sung by black Union soldiers. YouTube
Stauffer says Howe wasn't necessarily looking to write an anthem; she was keen to make the kind of capital-A art that would put her in the ranks of the more respected authors of her time. "Hawthorne, Melville, Emerson, Thoreau — part of the way they were understood as great writers was their use of symbolism," he says. For Howe's version of the song, she ditched many of the lines that had been crowdsourced among the troops — such as "Let's hang Jeff Davis from a sour apple tree."
Reborn as "The Battle Hymn of the Republic," Howe's version is the one we know the best today. But it's worth noting that the troops' contributions were what made the song so popular in the first place — that, and the stirring melody of the original hymn.
Sparky Rucker says that when he performs the black Union soldiers' version of the song — even in the South, where, in his words, "the wounds of the Civil War are still fresh" — everyone sings along: "Even my un-Reconstructed Southerners in the audience will sing along with me — 'cause we've also sung some of their songs."
Rucker says his audiences also sing the Howe version, which eventually won — getting published by The Atlantic in 1862 and becoming canonized. And while it does transcend centuries and cultures, Birgitta Johnson is quick to point out that the "Battle Hymn" is, at the end of the day, a war song.
"The kumbaya moment will not be happening across the aisles because of this song," she says, "because it's really about supporting whatever your perspective is — about freedom or liberation, and having God as the person who's ordaining what we're doing. And 'glory, hallelujah' about that."
As Johnny Cash said in 1969, "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" is an anthem that belongs to everybody. But what really matters is what they're singing it for.
Editor Daoud Tyler-Ameen contributed to the digital version of this story.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Bristol City defender Ryan Fredericks is set to join West Ham despite winning promotion to the Premier League with Fulham last weekend, according to the latest reports.
The Daily Mail reports the former Spurs defender is understood to be close to agreeing terms with Manuel Pellegrini's Hammers side, coming in as a free agent.
(Image: Rogan Thomson/JMP)
The 25-year-old right-back was named in the Championship Team of the Year after an impressive season with Fulham and has reportedly attracted interest from several Premier League clubs including Newcastle United and Crystal Palace.
Fredericks' Robins career was a strange one - after moving to Bristol City from Spurs in 2015 he went straight into the first team at the start of the season but struggled to settle at the club and moved to Championship rivals Fulham in the same transfer window due to personal reasons.
He then became a regular part of the Cottagers side and helped earn them promotion this season, as they overcame Aston Villa 1-0 at Wembley on Saturday.
But it seems even the lure of Premier League football next season might not be enough to keep him at Fulham with lucrative personal deals likely on the table.
Work is under way to construct a much-needed 18 acre extension to a business park in Yaxley.
Developer Barnack Estates UK has started building work on the second phase of the Eagle Business Park in Yaxley.
Commercial agents Barker Storey Matthews say there has already been strong interest in the development with five plots now under offer.
The start of development comes as new figures show the availability of vacant industrial space in Peterborough is at its lowest level.
Richard Jones, director of Barker Storey Matthews, said: “With availability of vacant industrial space in Peterborough at only 280,000 sq ft – an all-time low for the city – the prospect of Eagle Park's second phase is much anticipated.
"The attractiveness of the first phase of Eagle Business Park has initiated a strong level of enquiries for this new phase.
“We're looking forward to seeing the first of the phase two buildings rising up this summer."
Rob Facer, chairman of Barnack Estates, said: "We are delighted to be in a position to start work on site, to help meet the employment and industrial growth in the area."
Eagle Business Park was established in 2010 and the first phase covers 25.7 acres and is home to a mix of trade counter, light industrial, showroom and food sector tenant occupiers and freehold owners.
The second phase will see a further 18.38 acres of commercial development with units ready for occupation by early 2019.
Individual planning applications are being submitted for over five acres of design and build units on the second phase with new speculative development schemes offering units to let or to purchase. Units will range from 2,500 sq ft to 21,660 sq ft, with some units designed to have their own self-contained yards.
An Oklahoma Department of Human Services caseworker is under fire after a Facebook post under her name revealed a disturbing perspective of one of her ongoing cases, but the caseworker claims she never wrote the post.
Both DHS and Cleveland County detectives are working to determine where the post originated, but many people say the words in the post are just another example of the DHS mindset. “Plain white trash,” “hicksville Lexington” and “druggie mom” are just some of the phrases used to describe an outstanding case of a mother losing her four children.
News 9 first reported last August that the mother and her now-estranged husband had no charges filed against them after an AMBER Alert was issued for their 18-month-old daughter. The mother still has not regained custody of her children.
This week's Facebook post under her caseworker's name and profile picture says "if its (sic) up to me she will never finish the program" and that "the judge...does what the department says."
“The way it's written is pretty much the kind of people in the know who it involves,” says State Representative Bobby Cleveland (R-Slaughterville), who has been following this case from his district since last year, "so to me it can only be done by two people."
Cleveland does not believe the mother would have reason to jeopardize a court decision by impersonating her caseworker on Facebook, but the caseworker tells News 9 someone must have. The caseworker said on the phone this week that she has no idea how this happened and that she takes the confidentiality of her cases very seriously.
A DHS spokesperson tells News 9 the agency has never dealt with allegations of this nature, and in a statement says,
The worker whose name appears in the post promptly brought it to our leadership's attention. She vehemently denies making the post, and believes that her identity was stolen and someone created this post in her name and used her social media profile picture. She quickly filed a police report to this effect and this situation is now being investigated by local law enforcement as well as our DHS Office of Inspector General. The worker is fully cooperating with the investigation. She has turned over her personal phone and opened her social media account to the sheriff to aid in the investigation. Because of how easy it is to steal an identity and imitate someone on social media, we caution on a rush to judgment until the investigation has been completed. The message in this post most certainly does not reflect the values of our agency, nor do this worker's colleagues believe it reflects hers in any fashion.
“It's typical DHS,” Cleveland replies. “It's everybody else's fault. That's their typical situation over there.”
Cleveland County detectives say the caseworker has been cooperative, and so far they have not found evidence of the post on her personal account, but they have filed a preservation order with Facebook, which will reveal a more detailed history of account activity.
If the post is found to be fraudulent, the question remains, who was the author?
An entrepreneur who is known as the ‘micro business champion' is doing his bit to help young people achieve their potential in Yorkshire.
The John Cracknell Youth Enterprise Bank has announced that Tony Robinson has agreed to be its patron. The enterprise bank has been established for young people who live in Hull, the East Riding and Malton, Norton on Derwent, Pickering and Scarborough.
It offers grants of up to £1,000 for individuals or groups of young people who need finance to help make their ideas become a reality.
The Youth Enterprise Bank is managed by a group of trustees, and linked to the Hull Youth Enterprise Partnership.
More than 400 young people have benefited from this source of funding, buying items such as computers, business stationery, chocolate making equipment and dance costumes for local bands.
Mr Robinson, who was born in Hull, has been acting as a champion for small businesses for more than 30 years.
In 2012 he founded, with Tina Boden, the Enterprise Rockers CIC, which aims to promote and support micro-businesses.
Mr Robinson said: “It's an honour to be asked to be Patron of John Cracknell Youth Enterprise Bank.
“I've spent a lifetime trying to influence government policies, education, training and business support provision to recognise that enterprise – starting and running your own business – requires a different skill set to other business and management careers.”
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pay just £20million for a Premier League forward who scored 19 goals last season? To Sam Allardyce, the response was instant: ‘It's a no-brainer'.
So Theo Walcott returns to the Emirates on Saturday evening two weeks after leaving, having confirmed Allardyce's analysis in just 14 first half minutes on Wednesday night, with two goals announcing his arrival at Everton .
As the dust settles on Arsenal's transfer window activity, one glaring trend becomes apparent: They have flogged off the crown jewels in football terms — goals.
Walcott hit those 19 last term, while Alexis Sanchez got 30 and Olivier Giroud 16.
(Image: Everton FC via Getty)
So Arsene Wenger has gambled on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrik Mkhitrayan proving to be consistent scorers... and financed it by selling 64 goals from last season.
For Everton, there is no such gamble on Walcott, with £20m at today's eye-watering prices looking like the steal of the January window.
And while Allardyce drew the line at directly criticising old foe Wenger, he admitted he didn't need a second thought on whether to sign the England international — because goals are priceless currency in the Premier League.
“I can't say what Arsene thinks but the opportunity to take a player with last season's goals record and that quality wasn't a big decision for me,” he explained, before the Blues' trip to north London.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“The bigger decision was (£25m for) Cenk Tosun because that is a much bigger risk (on a player new to English football) but we are short of goals.
“With Theo, a lot of things have been said - he hasn't reached his full potential and all that – but I don't know how you could say that after last season's performance: 30-odd games, 19 goals.
“He can be a key player for Everton now.”
Walcott quick return to face his previous club couldn't be more painfully timed for Wenger — his Arsenal side lost heavily to Swansea in midweek, while the 28-year-old - who he strangely ignored all season before flogging him off on the cheap – was producing a fine display against Leicester, capped by two brilliant goals.
(Image: Reuters)
The message won't be lost on Gunners fans wondering about their activity in the window, as the club swapped proven goal-scoring quality for risky potential.
If Walcott's move to Merseyside was a surprise, then perhaps the bigger shock was the relatively low fee, which looks a fine piece of business for a player who was the third-highest scoring Englishman in the Premier League last season.
Yet Allardyce defended Wenger's decision to sell at that price when he explained: “I think a lot of negotiation was done by Theo: Because of his service to the club and the fact he would accept what Arsene was doing — he is not a troublesome player who would throw the toys out of the pram — that respect between him and the club resulted in the move.
“He could have gone back to his hometown club Southampton, who were our big rivals, but the challenge he sees at Everton – can he get Everton to where they want to be? - he would help in that.
“There are no easy negotiations with Arsenal, believe you me, but eventually the insistence for the first time ever from Theo that he wanted to leave, plus the respect they have for each other and the service he gave, probably was a factor.”
Allardyce sees the partnership Walcott can forge down the right flank with full-back Seamus Coleman – who he described as “superhuman” after his incredible comeback from 10 months of injury on Wednesday, as being key over the next few years.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
And if he had one message about the player's quality, then it was this: “I think if he'd have been playing a lot this year, he would have been happy to finish his career at Arsenal.
“That's the level. This time around, because he wasn't getting his game time, he looked at his career and decided he had to leave. He chose us and he can be a key player for us.”
Allardyce will check on Coleman before the game.
Young striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin is set to return after a break, and new defender Eliaquim Mangala is likely to be on the bench after his deadline-beating loan from Manchester City.
Image: Sony
Sony's not the first to the party with a big-screen OLED. That honour goes to LG, which has cornered the market for a few years with its excellent panels. But, after those were joined a few weeks ago by Panasonic's Master OLEDs, it's time for Sony's Bravias to turn up: and boy, has Sony turned up.
I think, I think, that this just might be the best TV you can buy.
What Is It?
Image: Sony
Sony's Bravia A1 OLED TV comes in two sizes and two prices in Australia. You can pick yourself up a more affordable — ha — 55-inch panel for $4999, or step up to that 65-inch panel, the one you're really craving, for $7499. That's a lot of money for a TV! And a massive 77-inch screen should be on the way — POA — later in the year. But this is a top-of-the-line TV, and it justifies that price tag with Sony's well-chiseled pillars of design, picture quality, and that typically Sony quirkiness.
The Bravia A1 is an OLED TV, of course, and that means each of its 3840x2160 pixels are individually self-lighting. Switching from entirely powered off and entirely black up to a maximum luminance of 700 nits gives the A1 a massive contrast ratio, and that typically OLED look of inky black pixels next to perfectly bright white ones — with none of the backlight bloom that most LED TVs, with the notable exception of top-end quantum dot screens, exhibit.
Sony uses its tried and tested, not tired, Android TV interface on the Bravia A1 OLED. Try before you buy, since it's not for everyone, but there's no denying that it's powerful: you basically get a Chromecast Ultra built in, any Google service your could want, and high quality Android apps for Netflix and YouTube and just about any other streaming service you could want. Sure, it's not especially customisable like LG's webOS or Samsung's Smart Hub, but at least it commits to what it is.
Unless you're in Cinema Pro mode, the Bravia A1 applies some image correction to any non-HDR content it's displaying, unlike just about any other TV on the market. Image processing working non-stop in the back-end stretches contrast ratios for whatever you're watching so you always get black blacks and white whites, as well saturated colour and the crispest possible detail. That gives the Bravia A1 a distinctive look even amongst other OLEDs. I happen to like it, just because it's a subtle improvement rather than a heavy handed approach — that's what makes it an improvement.
What's It Good At?
Image: Sony
Load up the Sony Bravia A1 with some top-of-the-line, 4K HDR Blu-ray video piped through a high quality source like the Oppo UDP-203, and god. It's TV like you haven't watched it before. I'm not joking. You see things on this TV that you can't see on any LED; you see things that you can't see on other OLEDs, in the endless amounts of shadow detail and the pixel-perfect highlights without a hint of haloing. If you want the best TV on the market in terms of raw pixel-pushing power, this is it. Viewing angles? As good as perfect. Bravia Dolby Vision support, too, means the A1 handles the best HDR format that money can buy right now — so that's not a reason to buy a LG panel over this one.
And god, it's a good looking screen from the front. Sony's been pursuing this monolithic TV idea for the last couple of years, and that pesky stand's constantly been getting in the way... So Sony just pushed it to the back. Quite literally. From the front, all you see is picture, picture, picture, with an appropriately thin but not uncomfortably invisible piano black bezel and a tiny Sony power light in the lower centre. Its stand isn't perfect — more on that later — but full credit to the boffins for making a TV that, to the viewer sitting on a couch in front of it, is just TV, and nothing else.
Image: Sony
Special credit, too, for Sony's handling of fast motion on the Bravia A1. Even with the Motionflow image-smoothing gubbins turned off, there's barely a hint of judder even on fast-moving content on screen in even imperfect video sources. Turn Motionflow on into its True Cinema mode and you'll get an even smoother image, although I'd really recommend you just leave it off and enjoy the screen without additional processing added — it really doesn't need it.
For the content that normal people watch, too, Sony has done something special with the built-in upscaling and remastering inside the Bravia A1 I had so much praise for the picture quality of Panasonic's Master OLED EZ1000 and EZ950 panels, but the Bravia A1 has just that slight edge on them in processing standard-def content. For the Netflix streamers and YouTube watchers and Foxtel subscribers of this world, the A1 does 1080p and lesser video very slightly better than the Panasonic. It enhances the saturation and detail in streaming video in ways that other TVs just don't out of the box, and against cheaper competition the A1 just looks that little bit better. The proof of the pudding, and all of that.
What's It Not Good At?
Image: Sony
The stand of the Sony Bravia A1 certainly is innovative, and it allows for some impressive features like those funky firing-through-the-screen speakers, but it isn't without its compromises. You'll need an entertainment unit or table that's at least 350mm deep to safely stand up the A1. And it also introduces a sometimes imperceptible, sometimes annoying, five-degree rearward tilts that can catch ceiling light reflections under the wrong circumstances. If you want a vertically perfect screen, you'll need to wall mount the A1, and even then there are other OLEDs that mount closer to the wall.
I have almost nothing but praise for the Bravia A1 OLED's sound quality. The speakers built into the screen do an incredibly, surprisingly good job of creating a wide and immersive soundstage, and then you realise you can't even see them. It's uncanny. But for one caveat — the subwoofer built into the tentlike stand of the Bravia A1 isn't up to the challenge of the low bass that Sony thinks it is, producing low frequencies that are a bit boomy and muffled and — if pushed to movie-viewing (and listening) volumes, a little bit crackly under the wrong circumstances. I'd turn it down in the A1's software equaliser if I bought one and be content with OK bass, rather than bass that's too mighty for its own good.
If you're going to be watching a lot of content in a room that you can't control the light level in, or that you don't want to control the light in, you might be a little bit disappointed in the A1's maximum brightness. At 700 nits of brightness in its Standard picture mode, and noticeably lower in Cinema and Cinema Pro, there are brighter OLEDs and much brighter LED TVs out there. I found Standard the best compromise between brightness and contrast/shadow/highlight detail, while generally Cinema is a safe bet on other TVs. I should measure this by saying that the Bravia A1 is significantly brighter than even the best OLEDs, and some LEDs, of a few years ago; it's just mediocre in a relative sense.
Should You Buy It?
Image: Sony
You're paying just about as much for the Bravia A1 series as you would for Panasonic's Masters or LG's own top-of-the-line OLEDs, so I can't fault it on price relative to other OLEDs. And OLED sits in a class of its own when it comes to black levels and therefore contrast, which is the most important thing for a TV to do well. Sure, there are brighter LED TVs, and there are cheaper OLEDs, and both of these have their own unique attractions over the Bravia A1, but this is a Bravia, and hot damn does it do everything it says it can.
One potential stumbling block of the A1 is that there are brighter OLEDs out there, too, which are more versatile. And when you're both starting from absolute black with those self-lighting pixels, any increase in brightness is an increase in versatility for HDR content. OLEDs need less overall brightness to display HDR content beautifully than LED-LCDs, but LEDs are just brighter overall, and that makes them better for daylight use. If you're going to be watching a lot of daytime TV, go for an LED, or find yourself a brighter OLED. Or, y'know, buy some blackout curtains and the Bravia A1 and thank me later.
Image: Sony
The speakers built into and behind and throughout the screen of the Bravia A1 OLED aren't perfect. They do deliver impressive sound for a TV as thin as the A1 is, and they do sound a fair bit better than any of Sony's top-end competitors that don't include a standalone soundbar setup, but they do have a little bit of a bass issue. Here's me wishing you could pair the A1 OLED with a proper standalone sub, and only a sub, to fix that issue in the cleanest possible setup.
The Bravia A1 is such a Sony TV. It has a silly stand that looks like someone's turned a 2-in-1 laptop upside down into 'tent' mode to pretend they have a good reason for buying a 2-in-1 laptop. It just looks prototypically Sony in the same way my mid-2000s portable hard drive Walkman did. It's not the best TV for wall mounting, sure. But switch it on, and watch some video — through that incredibly convenient Android TV interface that Sony has committed to and refined over the last few years — and you'll be forgiving of any just-a-little-bit-too-Sony contrivances that come with the Bravia A1. It's so worth it.
The poster for Sting's upcoming Seoul concert (Hyundai Card)
World-renowned musician Sting will hold a concert in Seoul in May, the show's promoters Hyundai Card said Tuesday.“Hyundai Card Curated Sting” will be held May 31 at the Hyundai Card Understage in Itaewon, central Seoul. The venue is a 400-seat hall, which officials said the company has reserved for handpicked artists.“Sting is a world-famous artist who seeks to convey his philosophy and change society through music. The concert will be a special chance (for the audience) to enjoy the essence of Sting's music,” said a Hyundai Card official.The concert will be standing-room only, and the tickets cost 250,000 won ($202). Tickets will be made available from noon on April 25, and 20 percent discount is offered to those who purchase it with a Hyundai Card. One person can buy up to four tickets.The tour is part of Sting's global tour to commemorate the November release of his new album “57th & 9th.”Sting, 65, started off his career in the 1970s as a lead singer and bassist for the band The Police. While his career with the band was vastly successful -- notching multiple Grammy Awards including “Song of the Year” with “Every Breath You Take” -- in 1985 he launched an even more successful solo career.He has won 16 Grammy awards to date, and is one of the most popular foreign artists in Korea with songs like “Shape of My Heart” still rocking local karaoke.In addition to his musical prowess, Sting is a human rights and environmental activist.He was one of the founders of the Rainforest Foundation Fund to help save the rainforests and protect indigenous peoples there. In 1988, he and fellow musicians including Bruce Springsteen participated in a six-week “Human Rights Now!” tour commemorating the 40th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.More information on the event can be found at http://understage.hyundaicard.com.By Yoon Min-sik(minsikyoon@heraldcorp.com)
Tourists observe “Beartooth Portal,” a work by Spanish sculptors Anton Garcia-Abril and Debora Mesa, known together as Ensamble Studio, at the Tippet Rise Art Center near Fishtail, Montana, July 15, 2016. (AFP-Yonhap)
Tippet Rise, an ambitious music center in the rolling hills of Montana, on Tuesday announced a second season that will include a premiere by leading composer Aaron Jay Kernis.The Tippet Rise Art Center opened last year on a sweeping ranch in the western US state, aiming to bring world-class classical musicians to a venue in nature with concerts attended by no more than 150 people at a time.The estate -- which features original sculptures, communal dinners and, this year, a new 5.5 kilometers of hiking and bicycle trails -- is funded by free-spirited philanthropists Peter and Cathy Halstead who sell tickets for just $10.The second season, which takes place over the summer, will feature a world premiere of a work by Kernis for piano and cello.The premiere will mark the first of three years of commissioned works at Tippet Rise by the Pulitzer Prize-winning composer, known for his neo-Romantic style that incorporates contemporary influences.Kernis is perhaps most famous for a 1983 incident at the New York Philharmonic when music director Zubin Mehta stopped one of his pieces, saying the score was vague, and the then 23-year-old composer insisted he go on.Performers set for Tippet Rise's new season include the cellist Zuill Bailey, who shared two Grammy Awards on Sunday, and the Russian pianist Yevgeny Sudbin, who will open the season in July with works that include Liszt and Tchaikovsky.The season will close with a festival of films about architecture and design including a documentary on artist Stephen Talasnik. Two of his sculptures were recently acquired by Tippet Rise.The Halsteads, in designing Tippet Rise, have said that they are looking for a new model on how to present classical music and art rather than building another big urban hall.The latest season will include a weekend of music for wind instruments and piano meant to complement the natural setting. (AFP)
NORWALK, Conn. (WTNH) — A Connecticut woman is pushing for more research, support and care for women and girls suffering from concussions.
Katherine Snedaker, of Norwalk, started the organization ‘PINK Concussions.'
Snedaker says this is in response to a lack of information and research on concussions affecting females.
She has suffered 20 concussions herself.
Some studies do show that women are twice as likely to get a concussion than their male counterparts while playing the same sports and that they have more severe symptoms and take longer to recover.
FOR many families this weekend will be spent ferrying children from one sports fixture to another.
Most will wish their offspring good luck and reserve further comment until asking “How did it go?” on the journey home.
There is, however, an unpleasant – and definitely vocal – minority who can, at the drop of a ball, transform sports fields into battlegrounds.
Just last week footballer turned pundit Robbie Savage called for yellow and red cards to be shown to offenders after witnessing some shocking behaviour at his children's junior games.
His idea is clever. If the incident warrants a red card, the aggressor's child would also have to do the walk of shame and leave the game. So the culprit would not only be shown up themselves; but their child would also pay a penalty for the parent's bad behaviour.
Junior football isn't the only sport to see unsportsmanlike argy-bargy among parents.
Just last weekend, one of our offspring was playing hockey and another player's father unleashed the most awful tirade.
Our children have all-but grown up down the local rugby club, so they are used to touchline banter and colourful language. But this verbal assault left our normally tough cookie visibly shaken and unable to sleep for thinking about it.
Both the referee and captain were young and presumably intimidated themselves as they did nothing. The upshot is that The Husband and I have been summoned to attend the match this weekend.
“I don't want to play again if you're not there,” came the plea. Bang goes The Archers omnibus but it will be worth it to introduce ourselves to this particular bully if he attempts a repeat performance.
The fact the referee was young (early 20s) in our family's particular incident is interesting. It always amazes this correspondent why anybody would put themselves forward to referee any kind of sports match. But thankfully, for the future of sport, there is a steady stream of volunteers who want to give something back to the game they love.
To go back to Savage (yes, there is some irony in the name), he thinks it's not fair to ask often young referees to marshal parents' foul conduct.
His idea is that referees get on with what they are supposed to do – helping the match run safely and fairly – and leave a designated safeguarding officer to patrol the parents.
“You can't expect referees, some of whom are teenagers who have just qualified, to show aggressive dads red cards – it would be too intimidating,” says Savage. “Also, maybe the parents would listen to a fellow adult with the powers to intervene.”
He's also keen for other sports to pinch the idea of sin bins from the rugby pitch; somewhere to cool off for bad tackles, offensive gestures, answering back to referees and unsavoury language. The theory being that if the children are being sorted out, maybe the parents wouldn't feel quite the same urge to wade in themselves.
To be fair, we've witnessed sub-standard behaviour at rugby matches. Other examples of below-par parental conduct have come at showjumping and other equestrian competitions.
Horsey parents have long had a bad name and this red-head must admit to the odd expletive over the years. In mitigation, such slip-ups were more frequent when our riders were young and a succession of naughty ponies (straight out of the famous Thelwell cartoons) would take great pleasure in depositing them with no mercy.
Ashamed as this correspondent is, her behaviour isn't a patch on some. One mother regularly used to shout at her daughters (and anybody else's children) to “get some guts” and reduce them to tears if they didn't want to try bigger jumps.
“Do you ride?” she was once asked. Of course she didn't and this all-the-gear-no-idea parent is at the rotten core of bad behaviour in many sports. While it's hard to resist pointing out mistakes, somebody who has actually played a certain sport must surely be less likely to bully a child who is having a go? They know that inner confidence is the secret to success. Once that is dented by some gobby spectator, it can take an awful lot of winning back. Often it's gone forever.
Money, or rather the amount spent by parents hoping their children will achieve sporting success, must surely be a factor in this modern-day dilemma.
The Son says some of his mates have football boots costing over £200. We go into a well-known high street sporting chain with a strict upper limit. Whatever they want, trainers, rugby boots – they won't get a penny over £35 out of their mother. If their father took them, they'd be lucky to get £20. Well, his £17.50 Dunlop Green Flash still serve him well.
Then, as for the horsey world, it's no exaggeration to say you could buy a half-decent racehorse for the same money some ambitious families are paying for ponies.
We will never get back to the halcyon jumpers-for-goalposts sporting fun of our youth, but we owe it to our children to remember these times. Especially the smiles on our faces whether we'd won or lost...
MILAN — Inter Milan has signed Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez from Racing.
The Serie A club paid a reported 22 million euros ($25.7 million) for Martinez, with the player penning a five-year contract.
The 20-year-old Martinez turned down an offer from Real Madrid in order to get more playing time at Inter, according to his agent.
On Wednesday, Martinez said: "I expect to adapt quickly to a new type of football. It's very different from Argentine football, but I think Serie A will be very important for me to continue improving and will add other qualities to my game."
Martinez is one of his country's top talents and scored 18 goals in 28 appearances last season.
He was included in Argentina's preliminary list for the World Cup but did not make the final squad.
By The Associated Press
following the September Bundestag election. SPD leader Martin Schulz, who had previously ruled out forming a coalition with the CDU, this week agreed to"open-ended" talks with Merkel's camp."We don't have to govern at any price, but we must not reject governing at all costs either," Schulz said Thursday, after CDU coalition negotiations with the liberal Free Democratic Party (FDP) and the Greens collapsed."I want a European constitutional treaty that creates a federal Europe," Schulz said at the SPD party congress in Berlin. He said a draft of the European Constitutional Treaty "must then be presented in all member states and those that do not agree would automatically leave the EU."Schulz promised to advocate strongly for the creation of a 'United States of Europe' under a single constitution by 2025 to tackle the many challenges faced by the EU.Kauder believes that member states simply do not have the appetite for such a proposal at the moment."The proposal would also jeopardize the work of unification that is unique in the history of the world because the majority of member states certainly wouldn't participate in creating a United States," Kauder told the Tagesspiegel newspaper. "I also wonder where the added value of this United States should be compared to today's Europe."Chief of Staff of the German Chancellery, Peter Altmaier, also rejected Schulz's idea, arguing that member states will not surrender their sovereignty."The discussion of whether Europe should be a federal state, a confederation of states or the United States is one for scientists and journalists - not for German foreign policy," Altmaier told the Rheinische Post Saturday. "A United States of Europe would transfer member states' sovereignty to Brussels and there would not be a majority for that in many EU states.", when the Dutch and French failed to ratify the 'Treaty Establishing a Constitution for Europe' which was signed in Rome on October 29, 2004. It aimed to replace the existing European Union (EU) treaties with a single text. After three years of reflection, EU members signed the Lisbon Treaty, which consolidated European institutions without infringing on the sovereignty of member states.While the SPD and CDU disagree on their vision for a wider Europe, Merkel's party still hopes to form a coalition with the Social Democrats by early next year. "Because of our political responsibility, we now have to ensure that the talks with the SPD lead to a government that stably governs the country for four years," Altmaier said."If we want to strengthen Europe in this troubled world, we need a stable majority [government]," Kauder told Tagesspiegel. "I hope we have coalition talks in January."
ENTERTAINMENT
BTS performs “DNA” at the American Music Awards held Nov.19 at Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles. (AP-Yonhap)
BTS performs “DNA” at the American Music Awards held Nov.19 at Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles. (AP-Yonhap)
BTS (Big Hit Entertainment)
For BTS, the year 2017 marked the year it became a global pop icon, smashing records and making milestone achievements locally and internationally. While it has always been among the popular K-pop groups, this year saw BTS solidifying its position as the clear frontrunner in the scene.The boy band‘s latest feat came on Monday when Billboard ranked BTS as No. 10 in its annual year-end top 10 artists list. The list was led by Ed Sheeran, trailed by Bruno Mars, Drake, Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd, The Chainsmokers and Justin Bieber.It marked the first time for a Korean artist to crack the top 10 spot.Even Psy, bouyed by his 2012 global phenomenon hit “Gangnam Style,” peaked at No.42 in 2013.BTS was also ranked second in the Billboard's top artist in duo/group category after The Chainsmokers. Its dominance on the most prominent US music chart came as no surprise after the band's strong performances on its Hot 100 charts, in which BTS peaked at No. 28 with its latest song “Mic Drop” last week.BTS' major breakthrough came in the form of the top social artist award in May, in which BTS outshone mega stars like Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez and Ariana Grande. After that, the momentum never stopped; in November BTS became the first K-pop group to perform at the American Music Awards. The mesmerizing performance apparently left even Jared Leto out of breath, as he said “I need a moment to recover from that performance” before presenting the artist of the year award.In the Far East, BTS' latest single “MIC Drop/DNA/Crystal Snow” topped the Japanese Oricon weekly singles chart. It climbed to the top and then some, as it became the first foreign artist to rake over 300,000 points -- criteria set on record sales -- in the charts.BTS made a formidable impact back home as well. According to local Gaon Charts, the accumulated sales of BTS' latest EP “Love Yourself Seung Her” was 1.42 million copies as of November. In October, it became the first group since god in 2001 to sell more than the 1.2 million copies of its record.The group had already earned a spot in the history books by setting the world record as the music group with the most Twitter engagements, according to Guinness World Records in November.Experts say that BTS' success could potentially impact the K-pop industry as a whole.Seoul-based culture critic Ha Jae-keun, said that BTS' run can be more relevant to the industry than the “Gangnam Style” phenomenon of 2012.“BTS has the characteristics of Korean idol singers, which means the West can start seeing Korean idols differently through BTS,” he said in an interview with local media. “The popularity of ‘Gangnam Style' was based solely on that single song, but now it (BTS) is backed by a loyal fan base. This means the sustainability (of the popularity) will be much greater.”By Yoon Min-sik(minsikyoon@heraldcorp.com)
LEEDS Private Hire Drivers Organisation say they will stage further ‘slow drive' protests in the run up to Christmas unless council chiefs listen to their concerns.
Police and Leeds City Council have criticised an estimated 300 private hire drivers who took part in a four-hour ‘slow drive' protest on Monday morning which brought parts of Leeds city centre to a halt and created significant disruption to bus services.
PIC: Simon Hulme
Leeds Private Hire Drivers Organisation chairman Asif Afzal, said: “We are going to see if the council want to have dialogue with us and are going to listen to our concerns.
“If they don't, unfortunately we are going to have to take further action over the next few weeks in the run up to Christmas and during Christmas as well.”
Leeds Private Hire Drivers Organisation called for drivers to take part in the protest on a circular route in Leeds city centre from 6am to 10am today (Mon Dec 11) after claiming Leeds City Council has failed to act on a number of issues affecting drivers.
Mr Afzal said around 300 drivers took part in the protest.
The organisation said the council had not stopped issuing private hire drivers with fines for stopping at bus stops.
It also claims there are not enough pick up points in Leeds city centre and it is difficult to avoid stopping at bus stops.
The organisation is also calling on the council to allow private hire drivers to use bus lanes in a move they say would cut emissions, reduce journey times and reduce costs to customers
It also wants drivers to be allowed to remove stickers from the front and back of their vehicles.
Drivers claim the stickers attract the attention of vandals and stone-throwing yobs.
Chief Inspector Nick Ireland, of the city's community safety partnership Safer Leeds, said: “This protest by private hire drivers in Leeds caused significant disruption to traffic, particularly on Kirkstall Road and around the city centre loop.
“The police will always facilitate peaceful and lawful demonstrations, and a policing operation, including the use of specialist police motorcyclists, was in place with the aim of allowing the protesters to make their point while keeping disruption to the public to a minimum.
“We previously held discussions with the drivers who stated it was their intention to drive slowly in traffic at 15mph. The situation was not helped by the number of protesters who had to be formally warned by officers for bringing their vehicles to a complete stop, obstructing the highway.
“We will be continuing to liaise with the group around any further demonstrations and will ensure that suitable measures are in place, although we recognise that protests of this type during peak traffic times will always cause disruption.”
A Leeds City Council spokeswoman said: “We are disappointed that the Leeds Private Hire Drivers Organisation decided to go ahead with this disruptive action, despite ongoing talks between ourselves and their representatives, which we feel have been productive.
“Senior council officers, in our parking, licensing and highways departments have met with a lead representative of the private hire trade to hear their concerns and have offered what we believe to be a sensible way forward.
“We have already agreed a number of concessions which address some of the concerns by the private hire trade without compromising public safety or impeding the safe and efficient movement of buses around the city.
“Senior councillors have also offered to meet with a lead representative of the private hire trade but have received no response to date.”
(ANSA) Los Angeles, December 11 - Italy did well in Monday's Golden Globe nominations with Luca Guadagnino's Chiamami Con Il Tuo Nome getting three nods, for best dramatic feature, the best actor in a leading role for Timothée Chalamet, and best supporting actor for Armie Hammer. For Paolo Virzì's Ella & John - The Leasure Seeker, Helen Mirren got a nomination as best leading actress, while Jude Law was among the candidates for best lead actor in a TV miniseries, for Paolo Sorrentino's The Young Pope. The Golden Globe ceremony will be broadcast on January 7. The Shape of Water, Dunkirk, The Post and Call Me by Your Name all received multiple nominations. In the TV categories, expected nominees like Big Little Lies and The Handmaid's Tale were joined by newcomers like The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. photo: Guadagnino
Park will remain jailed and be escorted from the detention centre to a Seoul court for a trial that is to start in coming weeks and could take as long as six months. It is still unclear if the trial will start before a May 9 special election that will determine her successor.
Prosecutors also indicted Shin Dong-bin, the chairman of Lotte, South Korea's fifth-largest business conglomerate, on a charge of offering a bribe of 7 billion won ($6 million) to Park and her friend Choi Soon-sil in exchange for a lucrative government license to open a new duty-free shop.
It is the latest in a series of humiliations for Park, who was driven from office by massive and peaceful popular protests. Park was impeached in December, officially stripped of power in March and has been in a detention facility near Seoul since being arrested last month on allegations that she extorted from businesses, took bribes and committed other wrongdoing, all in collaboration with a longtime confidante.
SEOUL—South Korean prosecutors on Monday indicted ex-President Park Geun-hye on bribery, extortion, abuse of power and other high-profile corruption charges that could potentially send her to jail for life.
Park, 65, was elected South Korea's first female president in late 2012. The country will now watch as she is forced to stand in court while handcuffed, bound with rope and possibly dressed in prison garb.
If convicted, her bribery charge carries the biggest punishment, ranging from 10 years in prison to life imprisonment.
While deeply unpopular among many South Koreans, Park still has supporters, and some conservative politicians and media outlets are already demanding that authorities pardon her if she's convicted.
Some of her supporters still stage protests in downtown Seoul every weekend. Such rallies could pressure whoever becomes her successor at a time when South Korea also faces increasing North Korean nuclear threats and diverse economic woes.
South Korea pardoned two convicted former leaders in the late 1990s in a bid for national reconciliation amid financial crisis, and its court had until recently showed leniency toward jailing many corrupt business tycoons because of worries about hurting the economy.
Park's scandal triggered huge political turmoil in South Korea, with millions taking to the streets to call for her ouster for months before her supporters launched their own protests. Dozens of high-level figures, including Choi, Park's friend of 40 years, top administration officials and Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong have already been indicted and await separate criminal trials.
Prosecutors charged Park with conspiring with Choi and a presidential adviser to pressure 18 business groups to donate a total of 77.4 billion won ($68 million) for the launch of two non-profit foundations controlled by Choi.
Park and Choi were also charged with taking bribes from two of the business groups, Samsung and Lotte, and colluding with other top officials to blacklist artists critical of Park's government to deny them state support. Park also faces charges that she passed on dozens of documents with sensitive information to Choi via one of her presidential aides.
According to prosecutors, Park and Choi allegedly took about 30 billion won ($26 million) in bribes from Samsung in return for a government support for a smooth company leadership transition.
Park has denied any legal wrongdoing, arguing that she only got help from Choi to edit some presidential speeches and on public relations.
Park is the daughter of late dictator Park Chung-hee, one of the most divisive figures in South Korean history. Some recall him as an enormous human rights abuser while others credit him for spearheading a rapid economic rise in the 1960-70s. Critics say Park's 2012 election wouldn't have happened without conservatives' nostalgia for her father.
Park Chung-hee's iron-fisted 18-year rule ended after he was gunned down by his spy chief in 1979, five years after his wife was killed during an assassination attempt that originally targeted her husband.
Park Geun-hye once described Choi, 60, as someone who helped her when she had difficulties in the past, an apparent reference to her parents' deaths.
Accra, April 24, GNA - Mrs Kate Quartey Papafio, the Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer of the Reroy Group, was at the weekend awarded with “Excellence in Business” at the Ghana Women of the Year Awards.
A statement from Lauratu Omar, the Communications Manager of the Reroy Group and copied to the Ghana News Agency, said the event was the third edition of the annual event to celebrate Ghanaian women who had excelled in various fields of endeavour, contributing to make Ghana better.
The statement said Mrs Quartey Papafio was awarded for her portrayal of courage, persistence in a cable manufacturing industry, which had been seen as a male dominated business.
Currently, she is the only woman in Ghana and Africa in the cable manufacturing industry with a distinct success story.
Receiving the award, Mrs Quatey Papafio thanked Glitz Ghana, the event organiser, for the recognition and encouraged young and upcoming women to stay focused in their field of endeavour.
She said women were better managers in all spheres of life therefore they should not allow anything to stop from achieving their goals.
Other women were honoured in Governance, Entertainment, Media, Music and Art, Film, and Public Enterprises for using their expertise, position and influence to inspire others to make a difference in driving other women.
“Reroy group has subsidiaries as Reroy Cables, Reroy Energy, Reroy Metal, Reroy Power,” the statement said adding that Reroy Cables is a leader in the development, design, manufacture, marketing and distribution of copper and aluminium cables for the energy, industrial, specialty and communications markets.
GNA
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of two brothers of Jama Powell, who was killed in Bristol just after Christmas, has been released on bail, the Bristol Post can reveal.
And now a campaign has begun to persuade the authorities to release the other brother too, in time for Jama's funeral, which takes place this Friday in the city.
Jamel Powell died from stab wounds suffered inside the Blue Mountain club in Stokes Croft in the early hours of December 30.
Two men have already appeared in court charged with the 37-year-old's murder. Ian Wayne Power and Errol Anderson were remanded in custody and will next appear before a judge on February 26.
Mr Powell's two brothers, Rafiki, 30, and Meikel, 29, have been charged with committing a grievous bodily harm in which Anderson was assaulted outside the club.
Both were initially remanded in custody, but at a bail hearing on Friday, Meikel Powell was granted bail and freed by the court to await his hearing in court in the summer.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The funeral of Jamal Powell is to take place this coming Friday, February 9.
It will take place at the Elim Church in Jamaica Street and mourners are being asked to ‘dress bright and colourful'.
Jama's violent death shocked the community in St Paul's and a shrine of tributes quickly grew outside the Blue Mountain.
Family, friends and supporters of the Powell family said they were pleased that Meikel Powell has been released on bail in time for him to attend his brother's funeral.
But supporters said they are now focusing on an application for bail for Rafiki Powell, which will be heard by a judge at Bristol crown court on Wednesday this week, just two days before the funeral.
The family and supporters from the Justice for Judah campaign in Bristol are calling on the police, the Crown Prosecution Service and the Ministry of Justice to allow Mr Powell's release on bail, especially given the circumstances in the family this week.
“The family are grieving and Rafiki is traumatised by what happened to his brother, and has not been with his family since Jama's death,” said a spokesperson for the campaign.
“There was some good news for the Powell family and the larger Bristol community, after the devastation of the murder of the much loved Jama Powell, with at last the long overdue release on bail of Meikel Powell.
“But celebrations are on hold as we fight for the release on bail of Rafiki Powell in time for his brother's funeral Friday.
“It is the right and compassionate thing for the Ministry of Justice, CPS and A&S Constabulary to do,” he added.
The campaign is now calling on people to lobby their MP, the chief constable Andy Marsh and the Crown Prosecution Service ahead of Wednesday's bail hearing.
CITY OF HAYS
Please be advised that beginning Wednesday, August 16, 2017, APAC, a contractor for the city of Hays, will be doing chip seal on various streets throughout the city.
The chip seal treatment is a spray applied application of polymerized oil followed immediately by small rock chips.
Traffic will be limited during a very short period of time when the streets are being sealed. Vehicles must not be parked on the street prior to chip sealing, and the street should not be wet, so sprinkler systems should not spray on the street prior to chip sealing.
The map is preliminary and may be subject to weather, mechanical failures, or other production issues; therefore property owners will be notified by the contractor prior to sealing of the streets. The repairs are estimated to be completed by August 25 (weather permitting).
Signs will be in place to direct the traveling public. The traveling public should use caution and avoid driving in the wet oil. The construction is in relation to 2017 street maintenance projects.
The city of Hays regrets any inconvenience this may cause to the public. If there are any questions, please call the Public Works Department at 785-628-7350.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man suspected of murder handed himself into police, saying he was in fear of a Bristol gang and threats had been made against him and his children.
Ian Power attended Barton Street Police Station in Gloucester hours after he was allegedly involved in the fatal stabbing of Jama Powell in Stokes Croft.
He told police he was in fear of his and his family's safety, and was arrested on suspicion of Jama's murder.
The prosecution claims Jama, 37, was set upon at a reggae night at the Blue Mountain nightclub in December last year.
He received 12 stab wounds and suffered a fatal cardiac arrest.
(Image: Facebook)
Two men are on trial charged with his murder. They are Errol Anderson, 55, of Two Mile Hill Road in St George and Ian Power, 40, of no fixed address.
A third defendant, Juliette Campbell, 42, of Felix Road in Bristol, denies assisting an offender.
PC Tracey Pinkney told Bristol Crown Court that on December 30 last year she was on duty in Gloucester and about 10.20am she was informed there was a person at the police station who wanted to hand himself in.
The court heard that man was Ian Power.
Power said he had been at the Blue Mountain in Bristol, he had been involved in a "big brawl" and he had been hit.
He showed the officer a lump on the left side of his head. He said his uncle was Errol Anderson and Anderson was at Southmead Hospital, Bristol, with stab wounds.
He also said the incident involved the Aggi Crew, a notorious gang which was known to operate in St Paul's, and threats had been made against him and his children.
Anderson told police he wanted to hand himself in because he was scared. He never referred to having a knife or stabbing anyone.
The court heard Power was arrested on suspicion of the murder of Jama Powell.
A statement from PC Robert Muhr confirmed that he arrested Power at Barton Street police station, Gloucester, on suspicion of Jama's murder.
Detective Constable Jennifer Marsh told the jury she was tasked to go to Southmead Hospital to ask Anderson how he sustained a stab injury.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
She confirmed she went there just to establish the cause of his injuries and not to interview him as a murder suspect.
She said his bed was screened off and a doctor was attending to him.
The doctor said Anderson had sustained an injury to his spleen which was not life-threatening.
DC Marsh said every time Anderson moved he groaned with pain.
He was not particularly talkative, she said, and had been medicated for pain relief.
Anderson said he was having a dance in the club, he hurt his head and went outside and ended up getting stabbed. He didn't know who stabbed him or why.
PC Ian Womack, a firearms officer based at Almondsbury, told the jury he was deployed to the Blue Mountain at 3.10am to a report of an alleged shooting.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Staff at the club, including the owner, told him they knew nothing of an alleged shooting.
He captured, via body cam, a woman in the street who said she had enjoyed herself but came outside for a cigarette, something had happened and she didn't know what.
The woman, said to be Juliette Campbell, told him she had neither seen nor heard gunshots.
The case continues.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following a fatal collision on the A34 yesterday (Tuesday).
The crash on the southbound carriageway at Bullington Cross killed one man, while another man is in a critical but stable condition in hospital.
The collision involved a lorry, a Peugeot van and Toyota Auris at 9.19am, with the carriageway not re-opening until 12.30am today.
The driver of the Toyota, a 43-year-old man from Reading, was pronounced dead at the scene.
His next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers.
The driver of the van, a 49-year-old from Reading, suffered life-threatening injuries and was taken to Southampton General Hospital.
He is in a critical but stable condition.
A 46-year-old woman from Huddersfield, who was the front seat passenger in the lorry, suffered serious injuries and was taken to Southampton General Hospital.
The driver of the lorry, a 40-year-old man from Huddersfield, suffered minor injuries.
He has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, causing death by driving without due care/consideration while unfit through drugs, driving a motor vehicle with a proportion of specified controlled drug above the specified limit and driving while unfit through drink.
He has been released from custody but remains under investigation.
The collision closed the southbound carriageway until 12.30am on Wednesday, July 4 due to extensive damage caused to the crash barriers, which needed to be repaired.
Investigations into the exact circumstances of the collision are ongoing.
Officers want to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the collision.
Contact 101, quoting 44180248886 if you can help.
Brazil v Belgium: Martinez's desire for 'power' good news for Fellaini
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 752 // 04 Jul 2018, 22:07 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Belgium celebrates against Japan
Roberto Martinez has given Brazil a huge indication as to how Belgium will approach their World Cup quarter-final on Friday, acknowledging a need for "power" which could result in Marouane Fellaini starting.
Belgium scraped through their last-16 clash with Japan by scoring in second-half stoppage time – Nacer Chadli finishing off a devastating counter-attack to wrap up a 3-2 win after Martinez's side had fallen 2-0 behind.
The turn of the tide seemed to coincide with Fellaini and Chadli coming on in the 65th minute, giving Belgium more of a physical edge than they had previously with Dries Mertens and Yannick Carrasco, as both substitutes found the net.
And Martinez has given a strong hint that Fellaini could feature in his starting XI when Belgium face Brazil in the last eight in Kazan.
"As a coach I have a lot of options with this team but I know in my head what I want to do," Martinez said.
"We will need power. If we show the same mentality as we did on Monday, we have a big chance.
"It's a dream match for our players, they were born to play in a match like this. Naturally we want to win but we are not expected to and that is an important difference."
By contrast, Brazil looked fairly assured in dispatching Mexico, riding an early storm before finishing in commanding, composed fashion.
Neymar was their leading light, scoring once and also grabbing an assist, giving every suggestion he has hit top form at the crucial time following his layoff with a broken foot.
Yet it was not just his remarkable abilities and exploits in front of goal which caught the eye – the world's most expensive player also came in for staunch criticism from Mexico players and coach Juan Carlos Osorio, who accused of Neymar "acting" in an attempt to get refereeing decisions.
But Brazil great Rivaldo just wants Neymar to ignore the criticism and keep playing as he has been, with Belgium surely bracing themselves for the tricky attacker's likely impact.
"Neymar, play like you always played and do not worry about comments from other countries, because many are already at home," Rivaldo wrote on his official Instagram page.
"If you have to dribble, dribble. If you have to do a 'chapeau' [trick which involves flicking the ball over your head], do it. If you have to score, do it. If you have to fall with the fouls, fall.
"And if you have to gain time on the ground, win it, because everyone does the same. The problem is that you are the guy, the idol of our country and unfortunately this is bothering a lot of people, I do not know why.
"Rise above it, as always, and continue to enchant us with your football."
Coach Tite will be without defensive midfielder Casemiro due to suspension, while Douglas Costa (thigh) remains a doubt.
PLAYERS TO WATCH
Brazil – Neymar
If Neymar plays well, Brazil play well – it is as simple as that. The Paris Saint-Germain star is their talisman and standout star. After appearing to properly find his groove against Mexico, he will undoubtedly be eager to step up another level and that could doom Belgium.
Belgium – De Bruyne
Although Martinez says "power" will be vital against Brazil, he would be wise to remember that he also has one of the world's most decisive midfielders at his disposal. Against Japan, Kevin De Bruyne was deployed far too deep until the latter stages. With Casemiro out, De Bruyne can be the man to exploit Brazil's core.
KEY OPTA STATS
- Brazil are playing the quarter-final for the seventh successive World Cup tournament. They have only gone out twice at this stage in that run (against France in 2006 and Netherlands in 2010).
- The Selecao have been knocked out of the World Cup by a European side in each of the last three tournaments (France in 2006, Netherlands in 2010 and Germany in 2014).
- Eden Hazard has been directly involved in 19 goals in his 18 games for Belgium under Martinez, scoring 10 and setting up nine.
- Neymar has been involved in 20 goals in his last 19 matches for Brazil, scoring 11 and laying on another nine to team-mates.
- Belgium's Romelu Lukaku has scored with four of his five shots on target so far at the World Cup.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Announcement is made of the engagement and upcoming wedding of Taryn Marie Marchise, Blakely, to Samuel Frank Vitris III, Scranton.
The bride-elect is the daughter of Joseph and Genie Marchise, Blakely. She is a graduate of Valley View High School and earned a bachelor's degree and certification in early childhood/special education from Keystone College. She is a special-education teacher in Western Wayne School District.
The prospective bridegroom is the son of Samuel and Judy Vitris, Scranton. He is a graduate of West Scranton High School and is a bridge painter with International Union of Painters and Allied Trades Local 218.
The wedding is set for May 20 at 2 p.m. in Holy Cross Parish, Olyphant.
When looking at how Super Bowl LII might play out Sunday, Brady was not wrong about his first two points. The third point was more debatable.
Over the past few days, Brady has repeated that assertion, while adding details about Philadelphia's fantastic defence, its terrific running game and a passing game led by Nick Foles that Brady believes is more dangerous than some people think.
“They're not underdogs,” he said. “They're 13-3. You can't be the underdog when you're the No. 1 seed in the NFC. There are no underdogs in this game.”
When asked about the dog masks that Philadelphia Eagles players and their fans have been wearing to celebrate the team's underdog status throughout the NFL playoffs, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, as he often does, swatted the question to the ground.
One of the things Philadelphia did best this season, according to statistics provided by Sportradar, was limited the effectiveness of throwing into coverage. Brady was one of the most aggressive quarterbacks in the NFL this season at attempting passes to covered receivers, and that could be a serious problem against a team that allowed a 16.6 passer rating on passes in which a defender was within a yard of the receiver.
There is little relief behind the defensive line, as the Eagles have standout defenders on all three levels, especially the secondary, where Ronald Darby and Malcolm Jenkins are the stars but Jalen Mills and Rodney McLeod more than hold their own.
Anyone who watched an Eagle game this season should be familiar with the havoc that Fletcher Cox and Brandon Graham, Philadelphia's star defensive linemen, can wreak. They may not have been among the league leaders in sacks, but they were the key cogs in a defence that led the NFL with 112 quarterback hits.
Brady is Brady, so he can be relied upon to find a way to move the ball, but tight end Rob Gronkowski's health and effectiveness are in question after he sustained a concussion in the AFC championship game. If Gronkowski is limited, Brady will try to move the ball downfield with Brandin Cooks, but will probably have to rely on running backs James White and Dion Lewis to provide a lot of his passing yardage on catch-and-runs.
It is unlikely the Patriots will get much out of their running game. The Eagles had the top-ranked run defence in the NFL, giving up an average of 79.2 yards a game. Part of that is a function of the opposition often trying to overcome a deficit, but the Eagles were sixth in the NFL in yards allowed per carry and allowed only seven rushing touchdowns. It is hard to see Mike Gillislee, Rex Burkhead and Lewis getting much traction.
PHILADELPHIA BALL
Philadelphia's status as underdog rests almost entirely on which version of Foles shows up. If he is the tentative passer who struggled in the regular season and his team's win over the Atlanta Falcons in the divisional round, the Eagles are in trouble. If he is the confident, 2013 vintage Foles who tore apart the Minnesota Vikings in the NFC championship game, the game is at worst a tossup for Philadelphia and at most a shocking upset.
To put so much pressure on Foles, who stepped into the starting role after a season-ending injury to Carson Wentz, is of course unfair. But there is an argument to be made that if Wentz were active, it would be Patriots fans raiding Amazon.com in hopes of finding dog masks.
“I'm just grateful to be playing,” Foles told reporters this past week. “But then to come back to the Philadelphia Eagles, the team that drafted me, the team that I love, the city that I love and never wanted to leave, is really special.”
Foles will want to build on his recent success against a terrific Minnesota secondary. He spread the ball around and appeared to have shaken off the rust that limited him severely in the previous few games. He got receptions of 35 yards or more from four different receivers and was especially good on third down; Philadelphia converted 10 of 14 opportunities.
New England's pass defence was ranked 30th in the NFL, but that was skewed by the team's struggles in the first six weeks of the season. The Patriots' secondary could struggle against receiver Alshon Jeffery and tight end Zach Ertz, but will probably not have much trouble containing Torrey Smith and the erratic Nelson Agholor.
When looking to run, the Eagles have one of the most diversified and effective attacks in the NFL. Losing the mobile Wentz was a serious blow, but a group of backs that includes Jay Ajayi, LeGarrette Blount and Corey Clement can run against any defence. The only thing that would slow them down is the Patriots getting off to a big early lead, which would force the Eagles to abandon the run.
THE BOTTOM LINE
If you remove the quarterbacks from the equation, the Eagles are at least the Patriots' equal, if not their superior. They were a juggernaut under Wentz and still have a loaded roster. The Patriots, for all of their recent success, are relying far more on experience and execution than overall talent. At one point, Las Vegas had the Eagles as six-point underdogs, but that has been lowered to four points, which seems closer to reality. Just don't tell Brady.
“I'm not buying any underdogs,” he said of the Eagles. “You're not fooling me with that.”
The Eagles will fight hard, and certainly have a chance at pulling off an upset, but Brady's experience and Foles' volatility give New England a slight advantage. The Patriots won three Super Bowls in a four-season period from 2001 to 2004, and they appear poised to repeat that accomplishment.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
Elizabeth Hurley has revealed she gets on "incredibly well" with her ex-boyfriend Hugh Grant's new wife Anna Eberstein.
The 52-year-old actress dated 'Love Actually' star Hugh for 13 years before they announced their split in 2000 but have remained close friends, with the 57-year-old actor even being godfather to her 16-year-old son Damian.
Earlier this month, Hugh tied the knot with Swedish television producer Anna Eberstein - the mother of three of his children - at the Chelsea Register Office in London.
Liz admits she's very pleased for the couple as she simply adores Anna as much as Hugh.
In an interview with the new issue of Grazia magazine, she said: "(I've known Hugh) way too long, 31 years! Hugh is my oldest friend ... Hugh is very happy with Anna, they've got three kids together and I get on with Anna incredibly well."
'The Royals' star has also stayed on friendly terms with some of her other exes, including former husband Arun Nayar and one-time fiancÃ© Australian cricket legend Shane Warne.
Liz is proud that she can maintain healthy relationships with her former lovers because she's not a person who can "annihilate the past".
She said: "Arun is my best friend too and I adore Shane, it's pretty hard to break up from a best friend. They're still people you want to share both good and bad things with ... You can't annihilate the past, you have to make friends with it, otherwise you've got these terribly dark areas, we are out past so it would be pretty sad to tear up photographs and delete everything."
Liz has also hinted she may have a new man in her life, but is remaining tight-lipped about her possible romance because she made a "vow" not to spill on any men she's dating unless things are getting serious.
She said: "We've all lived out of suitcases out entire professional lives, passport in our bags the whole time, all of us in the public eye, we just get it. You can never have any ties in our business, you can never commit. If I had to fly out to New York tomorrow to work I'd go in a heartbeat. People who aren't in that life can find it difficult to adapt.
A Bodmin-based Internet business has unveiled ambitious plans to boost its global market.
MacAce, which was founded in 1996 by CEO Gary Hall, has relaunched its MacMate service as WebMate.
The business was one of the first in the UK to develop a web builder platform, which enables users to build their own website quickly and easily.
WebMate CEO, Gary Hall, said: “We're really excited about the rebranding.
“Over the last 20 years we have built an award-winning reputation for providing excellent support for the Mac market – from hosting and cloud services, through to our pioneering MacMate web builder.
“Customers love what we offer, which is shown by the fact that 81% of them have been using our web builder for four years or more.
“The rebranding to WebMate allows us to take that expertise and support the whole market from Macs to PCs.”
The flu season appears to be slowing down.
“We're seeing a decrease in the past two weeks by 21 percent,” said Jane Trombetta with MedExpress. “That's less influenza-like illness coming into our centers. The really good news for Kansas is we've seen a decline over the past two weeks of 30 percent.”
With that said, you still need to be careful, because not everyone gets the most common strain of flu.
“Even if you get a flu shot, that flu shot is only particular for the specific strains that were selected by the CDC to put into that vaccine,” said Trombetta. “They do it on a predictive model. They base it on last year's flu season, but even if you got a flu shot, you can still get the flu if you pick up a different strain and even if you got the flu this year, you can actually get it a second time if you pick up a slightly different strain.”
Trombetta says that the flu season will likely linger until May.
“The influenza virus in the community year-round,” said Trombetta. “This thing doesn't go away when the flowers come up in the spring. It is in the environment all year-round. The good practices to prevent getting the flu, other than the flu shot, is the whole hand hygiene, being careful about cough etiquette, don't be around people that are sick, if you are sick, stay home. All of those recommendations apply year-round.”
For more information, visit the CDC's flu site at www.cdc.gov/flu.
The LGBTQ rights movement hit a milestone this month, when former Miss America Deidre Downs Gunn married Abbott Jones in a ceremony at the Birmingham Museum of Art in Alabama. The wedding, which took place on April 14, was kept a secret at first, but now the photos from the big day reveal something out of a great big southern daydream.
Downs Gunn told People the story of their relationship, which began online in February 2017. She proposed to Jones less than a year later on Christmas, right after the Doctor Who Christmas special. The couple quickly left on a romantic honeymoon to Ireland right after the wedding, while their wedding quickly captivated the LGBTQ community and its allies across the country. You can see why — in the pictures that the wedding photographers Kelli & Daniel Taylor Photography released to Bustle, the couple couldn't look any happier or more in love.
What Downs Gunn was crowned first as Miss Alabama and then as Miss America in 2005, same-sex marriage was still a far-off dream for most people in the country. The year before, then-president George W. Bush had announced he would support a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, according to CNN.
Even though Alabama was required to make same-sex marriage legal in 2016 because of the Obergefell v. Hodges Supreme Court case, the majority of Alabamans still don't approve of it, AL.com reported.
According to a 2015 study by the Public Religion Research Institute, Alabama tied with Mississippi as the states with the lowest levels of public support for same-sex marriage, at 32 percent in favor. When compared with more socially liberal, northern states like New Hampshire (75 percent in favor) or Washington (63 percent in favor), it becomes clear exactly how low that number is.
While that study was completed just after Obergefell v. Hodges legalized same-sex marriage across the country, AL.com reports that there's still a high level of resistance in Alabama even now, almost three years later — but in their interview with People, Downs Gunn and Jones didn't mention anything about how some onlookers might view their wedding as something different than any other wedding.
In trying to determine why there is still resistance to same-sex marriage, AL.com spoke with Dr. Joe Godfrey, the Executive Director of the Alabama Citizens Action Program, a Birmingham-based religious lobbyist group. "It's because there is more biblical literacy in Alabama than most other places," Dr. Godfrey said. "The Bible clearly teaches us that marriage is between one man and women for life. Everyone teaches that, people grow up believing that. No one is willing to change the Bible around here."
AL.com's research, then, backs up Dr. Godfrey's opinion. Alabama has one of the highest rates of churchgoing in the country, and Alabama-based LGBTQ rights activist Mario Burton also agrees with Dr. Godfrey on that front.
This is a lasting issue for same-sex couples in Alabama — as of 2017, Ballotpedia wrote that there were still seven Alabama counties refusing to issue any marriage licenses in order to avoid giving them out to same-sex couples.
However, there's at least a chance that the very public and celebrated same-sex wedding of a beloved member of the state community could change at least a few minds.
“I feel overjoyed to have found someone to share life's adventures,” Downs Gunn told People. “The wedding was beautiful and special, but it was really just the beginning of our life together. I'm so lucky to have a wife who fills even small, everyday moments with great joy.”
“Saying our vows in front of our family and friends and making that commitment to the love of my life was the most meaningful part of the day for me,” Downs Gunn added, in the same interview.
Based on the pictures, her family and friends were evidently thrilled for her and Jones — and much of the U.S. is right there with them. Perhaps they even got their home state on board as well.
For linemate Brown, the media scrum unfolded inside the dank Toronto locker room, beads of sweat trickling down a face as pale as parchment, teammates hollering, duffel bags being slung by team step-and-fetchits. This rookie all gosh-shucks modest about his three-point performance, after scoring Toronto's third goal — 3-1 at that point, a lead that felt safe as houses with less than 10 minutes in regulation; as if — then disrupting a Red Wings odd-man rush as the only Leaf back deep into OT, and starting the countering sequence that rushed the puck up the ice, ending in Matthews' winner.
Four goals in the last three games for teenager Matthews, nine points in the last six. And another trip to the post-action podium after vanquishing Detroit in the outdoor rematch, speaking into a bristling nest of microphones and tape recorders.
Yes, Matthews, the rookie sensation who rose out of the Arizona desert, thrilled 40,000-plus spectators at BMO Field on New Year's Day, showing off his offensive chops and opportunistic skill by notching his 19th (same as his age) goal in regulation time and then delivering a 5-4 overtime victory to the Maple Leafs in the showpiece Centennial Classic, as Toronto hurtles into 2017 on a five-game winning streak.
And nobody — not even Auston Matthews, for whom hero spectacle is becoming ho-hum routine — had a bigger game than Connor Brown.
“It was awesome to be part of that game-winner, to be on the ice for it. That's something me and my family will remember forever and I'll cherish.”
The winner, the entire OT actually, was mostly “a blur,” Brown admitted, though he was integral to the outcome at 3:40 of extended hockey.
One goal, two assists, his fingerprints all over the most lively parts of Sunday's spectacle.
He wears the Emerald Isle on his face, does Connor: skin almost opaque, hair a vivid (and natural) orange, eyes of such pale hazel they seem nearly transparent.
Fourth-generation Irish-Canadian, he thinks, though isn't entirely sure. So doubtless there were plenty of Guinness and Harps raised around town Sunday night in the 22-year-old's honour.
Because here's the thing: Toronto is his town. He grew up here, in the Etobicoke west end. His father, Dan, is a renowned youth hockey coach in the Etobicoke Sports Hall of Fame. Outdoor hockey on frozen backyard rinks — as Walter did for Wayne Gretzky, Dan did for his Connor — is in the marrow of Connor's bones.
“I logged a lot of hours out there,” and now he's talking about Wedgewood rink, the teenage years. “I might have had the most TOI on this team for outdoor ice.”
Matthews, by comparison, couldn't recall ever playing a game in the great outdoors before the Classic — which was considerably less than classic in entertainment value through two grinding periods, before both teams gave themselves a kick in the butt and ratcheted up the fun. If the home side would consider it a whole lot of fun, yet again coughing up a third-period lead — from 4-1 to 4-4 with two seconds left in regulation time, although the TV clock had it closer than that, which is why the validity of the knot-shot by Anthony Mantha got a second look.
Mantha – the other hotshot redhead rookie on the ice, and a singular bright bulb on a team that seems destined to slide far backwards from its era of NHL dominance.
“It was one of the more emotional games I've been a part of,” gasped Brown afterwards. “One minute you're down going into the third and we're looking for a spark, and we get four goals and then they come back and tie it up.''
He's a fair assessor of what happened.
“They had the same kind of period. It was nice to come out on the right end of it.”
Coach Mike Babcock, perhaps asserting himself as the querulous yin to the yang of all the Auston Hosannas, cautioned reporters about not getting too carried away with his teen protege. The kid doesn't walk on water, after all. Frozen water, though.
So, Matthews' winner notwithstanding, spread the accolades around: to the other freshmen, such as William Nylander, whose passing craftiness is divine; and to a relatively ancient coot like Leo Komarov, whose sixth goal of the year and third in the last four games — resulting from shoving his large bum in the way of Nick Jensen, trying to divert the puck away from the crease — got Toronto on the board in the third, triggering an avalanche of scoring, three from the Leafs within eight minutes and 11 seconds.
“For him to spark us, it gets the boys going even more,” said Brown, “a guy you cheer for and root for and that was a big one.”
And to Brown, of course, who really did have the kind of NHL game a boy dreams about.
“You look around, it was cool for everyone, whether you're from the city or not,” said Brown, the scrub surprise factor whose speed and work ethic elevated him from sixth-round draft pick (156th overall) to Toronto's top line, the Kid Trio with Matthews and Zach Hyman. “But again, the thing that makes it that much more special was that my mom and dad were up there soaking it all in and enjoying it just as much as I was.”
Truthfully, as Brown granted, this “Classic” was mostly a dud through 40 minutes, in a game that was delayed for half an hour due to sun glare.
“I'm sure with the big stage and everything, players wanted to take care of the puck,” the winger rationalized of what was for much of the afternoon-into-evening a gritty, tight-checking encounter that didn't play to the strengths of a creative young squad with eight rookies in the lineup. The defensive lapses in the third period, choking on another fat lead, didn't reflect well on them either. Yet this outfit, Matthews and Brown & Co., are buoyant and endlessly self-confident, if perhaps still NHL naïfs.
They're too callow to panic.
“A lot of rookies on this team, not a lot of guys have played in front of crowds like that, with emotions like that,” said Brown. “We gave up that lead, but at the end of the day we were still in as good a position to win the game as them going in to OT. We did a good job of taking a breather, coming back and really controlling the play.''
Earlier, Babcock had talked about learning to play the big ones without crumbling in the glare. If so, these Leafs made a statement — with national TV coverage on NBC in the U.S., no less.
Brown blurts out a laugh.
“We almost sent the wrong kind of message.”
MORE ON THESTAR.COM
Matthews sparks Maple Leafs' win in Centennial Classic OT thriller
Overtime in Centennial Classic? Naturally
Photos: Maple Leafs win Centennial Classic against Red Wings
Dave Keon honoured as an all-time NHL great
There is always electricity in the air when it is a World Cup year. The build up, the hype, the injured players, the team sheets, the sticker collections… everything culminates into what is a tournament of 32 teams fighting it out over four weeks to become the greatest in the world.
Sports and technology have always gone hand in hand, and over the course of 30 articles and four weeks, TechRadar, in association with Honor, will bring you all you need to know about football and technology.
From understanding how the entire infrastructure of the greatest show on earth works, to the wearables the players and everyone else is wearing to make sure their football is the best it can be, TechRadar's World Cup hub is the place for tech lovers and football fans alike.
Throughout the next month we will be updating this very page with all the fantastic articles we have lined up to celebrate the World Cup. So, bookmark and every day you will learn something new.
(Football image credit: vinap, Getty Images)
The World Cup in motion: the infrastructure behind the greatest show on earth
From how the transport links will work to the cybersecurity that's in place to make sure nothing goes awry, Jamie Carter delves into just what needs to happen before a ball has been kicked.
(Image: © BBC Sport App)
World Cup 2018 on the go: the best apps to watch the action
Kick off the Summer season of football in the best way with these apps for your smartphone or tablet. This selection of apps will make sure you don't miss a minute of World Cup action.
TechRadar's World Cup of Computers: it's all kicking off
If Pele was a processor... this light-hearted article looks at some of the best computers the world has seen and pits them against each other. Who wins might surprise you.
TechRadar's World Cup coverage is brought to you in association with Honor.
Test Boost Elite while it is able to sound a bit awkward but the internet can in reality assist you in locating the most appropriate complement with utmost ease. so one can collect the details concerning the colon cleansing complement of your desire you can truly kind your request Test Boost Elite in the Google search bar and anticipate the outcomes. reading product critiques on a ordinary basis might additionally assist you in deciding on the great colon cleanse complement in your personal use. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
There's no better moment than now for Mexico to embrace multipolarity by teaming up with China and possibly constructing a Pacific-Caribbean rail corridor across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, but such a project has its limitations and isn't anything to get too excited about at this time, let alone blindly jump into just for the sake of satisfying a campaign promise.
AMLO's Ambitions
The crushing victory that Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, popularly known by his initials as AMLO, dealt to the Institutional Revolutionary Party that has ruled Mexico almost continuously for close to a century proves that the people are tired of The Establishment and eagerly craving the leftist nationalist-populism that this political outsider campaigned on. One of his many platforms included a pledge to double down on infrastructure spending in an attempt to pull his country of nearly 130 million out of the cycle of crime, poverty, and migration that many of its citizens have fallen into, and it's with this in mind that the Financial Times (FT) wrote about his ambitious plan for what they termed to be a “Mexican Silk Road” (article behind a paywall but available for free at this partnered site).
This initiative calls for reviving the early 20th-century plans for an overland rail corridor connecting the Pacific Ocean with the Caribbean Sea across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec in Mexico's very impoverished southern region, and the FT quotes one of AMLO's economic advisors as saying that “I can see us perfectly well approaching the Chinese, above all. It's the type of project they will certainly want to invest in, because they are long-term infrastructure projects with clearly positive returns.” On the surface, the Mexican Silk Road would appear to be a win-win for both parties because it would provide China with an intermodal alternative to the Panama Canal while bringing jobs and development to southern Mexico, but things aren't always as they initially seem and this project isn't anything for people to get too excited about at this time.
The Siren Song Of The Silk Road
Before addressing the possible shortcomings of this initiative, it's better to speak to the perceived advantages that it could bring in order to make the contrast even clearer for all readers.
Mexican Multipolarity:
China's grand strategy in the region is to make Mexico multipolar so that it can have the same function towards the US as America's newest military-strategic partner India has vis-à-vis China, ultimately enabling Beijing to establish influence on its Great Power rival's Caribbean doorstep in a similar manner as Washington has done in the South China Sea. If successful in this endeavor, then China might be able to finally “balance” the US and keep it in check, though it's certain that Washington wouldn't ever let Beijing's plans get anywhere near that point without offering up heavy resistance in one way or another. In any case, the first step that China would need to make in this direction is to involve Mexico in its One Belt One Road (OBOR) global vision of New Silk Road connectivity, which is where the Tehuantepec Corridor comes into relevance.
Nixing The Nicaraguan Canal:
This project could become the flagship of China's North American infrastructural investments and powerfully symbolize Mexico's new multipolar future after AMLO's commitment to this model of global reform. Moreover, it would also provide a much-needed solution for replacing the stalled plans to construct a Nicaraguan Canal, a long-delayed project funded by a private Chinese entrepreneur but which appears to have been dealt a deathblow once and for all after the Nicaraguan government's latest decree last week. Managua surprised the world by giving 10 different militaries the right to train on its territory for “humanitarian purposes”, and while multipolar ones like Russia, Venezuela, and Cuba are included in this new law, so too are the US and even Taiwan, China's enemy. Considering the latter's forthcoming military presence in Nicaragua, there's no way that Beijing could rely on the country as the route of its regional Silk Road.
Hybrid War-embattled President Ortega's de-facto strategic capitulation to the US by indirectly killing the Nicaraguan Canal after allowing US and Taiwanese troops to “train” in his country for “humanitarian” reasons provides a powerful impetus for China to replace this costly maritime corridor with a more economically efficient intermodal one across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, but this doesn't necessarily mean that it'll be built, or that it'll have its intended win-win effect.
Geostrategic Offsets
The Panamanian Pivot & TORR:
For starters, the rapid development of Chinese-Panamanian ties over the past decade saw the Central American country abandoning its recognition of Taipei in favor of Beijing last year, which was considered to be a diplomatic coup carried out right under the US' nose. While there's no doubt that Panama largely remains a powerless American client state subject to the mercy of American military pressure in the event that Washington's New Cold War with China ever turns hot, that's unlikely to deter the People's Republic from continuing to use this trade route due to its more economical nature in costing less than creating a brand new intermodal one in spite of the strategic risk involved. After all, with the successful completion of the Transoceanic Railroad (TORR) in South America sometime in the future, China won't have to transit the Central American isthmus to trade with Brazil when the Mercosur giant can just ship its goods across mountainous Bolivia to Peru's Pacific port of Ilo.
Wartime Uselessness:
Not only that, but China's trade with the US is much more important than its trade with any Latin American country, to say nothing of the Caribbean, and is expected to remain so despite the so-called “trade war”. This means that the scenario of the US shutting down the Panama Canal to Chinese ships or indirectly using Hybrid War techniques to disrupt whatever alternative Beijing may have built through Nicaragua or Mexico wouldn't even matter much to China because its driving Silk Road interest in North America is to streamline connectivity between its own Pacific ports and the US' in the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. These would be off limits to China anyhow in the event that it and its rival go to war with one another, so OBOR projects in this part of the world shouldn't be taken as seriously as in the Eastern Hemisphere. Even if China and Mexico decide to pursue the Tehuantepec Corridor, their plans might not materialize as expected.
The Limits Of Win-Win Cooperation
Supposing that both parties are serious about the Mexican Silk Road, each of them will still have considerable obstacles to surmount in order to make it as viable as envisioned.
Mexico's Military-Economic Moves:
Before this project can even get off the ground, Mexico needs to ensure the security of all those who will use this Silk Road corridor, thus requiring it to “get its house in order” first by cleansing the military of its many corrupt and cartel-infiltrated recruits while simultaneously resolving the drug violence that makes this part of the country extremely unsafe. This is a lot easier said than done, to put it nicely, and it might ultimately be a “lost cause” that necessitates the presence of “private military contractors” (PMCs, “mercenaries”) instead, though with all of the attendant risks that the introduction of this variable would bring to such an already chaotic situation. Without credibly guaranteeing security for Chinese transshipments and isthmus value-added investments, Beijing will probably never agree to build, let alone use, the Tehuantepec Corridor.
Relatedly, even if proper security is provided, AMLO must have a comprehensive plan for turning this project into more than just an overland Chinese-US toll road in order to deliver on his promise of bringing wealth to this impoverished region of Mexico. An initial suggestion would be to establish special economic zones (SEZ) astride this corridor and in each of its terminal ports, but in doing so, the government would need to ensure that jobs aren't taken by any immigrants from nearby Central American countries. AMLO considers migration to be a “human right”, but it might be politically unwise for him to spend billions in taxpayer funds for constructing a megaproject that his own citizens don't even end up using because much cheaper migrant workers are employed there instead due to their president-elect's sympathy with their cause.
China's “Trade War” Concerns:
As for China, it might simply lose interest in the Tehuantepec Corridor if its “trade war” with the US continues and exports to that marketplace drop, no matter how significant they'll likely remain in the overall sense. A contributing factor to this probable scenario is Trump successfully renegotiating NAFTA or outright withdrawing from it in order to secure the American marketplace from China's “backdoor” entry to it via economic transshipment outposts in Mexico that abuse this trade deal's terms through various “legal workarounds”. China's focus could therefore shift from America to the domestic Mexican marketplace (although it won't soon come anywhere near replacing it), but this would mean that Beijing would have more of a motive for building infrastructure elsewhere in the country for connecting to its more profitable and already economically developed regions than pioneering what might at that point be the strategically defunct Tehuantepec Corridor.
Even if these “trade war” concerns lead to China believing that the costs of this project outweigh its benefits (especially when considering that it could just use the Panama Canal as a much cheaper transit route to the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean per the analysis' previously mentioned reasons), there's a chance that the Tehuantepec Corridor could still be built, but only because of both parties' cynical and separate self-interests involved. China might come to reconceptualize this initiative as more of a financial investment than a commercial one, thereby relying on high-interest loans or other financial means instead of trade in order to reap a profit, while AMLO might for whatever (possibly ideologically misguided) reason want to build a Hambantota-like “white elephant” to show off to the masses. In that case, the confluence of Chinese-Mexican “interests” could make the project possible, though it would lose its original Silk Road purpose.
Concluding Thoughts
AMLO's stunning victory has excitedly enabled Mexico to enter a completely new era, and the leftist populist-nationalist has an indisputable mandate to reshape the country according to his promised vision, which crucially includes a heavy infrastructural investment component. The logic of “spending one's way out of poverty” through public works projects has been tried and tested by the USSR after World War I and the subsequent Civil War, while the US did the same during the Great Depression. While the merits of this policy are controversial because its visible successes in both aforementioned cases may be attributable more to situational factors that extend beyond the reach of economics and into the political (centralized “authoritarian” state model) and military (wartime domestic industrial revival) realms respectively, the concept was apparently convincing enough to tens of millions of Mexicans that they voted for AMLO partially because of it.
That being the case, the president-elect is expected to seriously entertain the Tehuantepec Corridor megaproject that formed a key part of his campaign platform, though this initiative needs to be soberly assessed by both his country and its Chinese partners to see whether it's worth the risk of investing billions of dollars into at this time. It's not to say that the Mexican Silk Road can't become a game-changing development in the New Cold War by bringing multipolarity to the US' southern shores, but just that it isn't as clear-cut of a win-win idea as it's been made out to be. Upon closer consideration, it might not even have any real strategic purpose, and even if it's determined to, then the costs might outweigh the benefits. The last thing that Mexico needs right now is a “white elephant”, but if it isn't careful, then that might be exactly what it gets.
*
This article was originally published on Eurasia Future.
Andrew Korybko is an American Moscow-based political analyst specializing in the relationship between the US strategy in Afro-Eurasia, China's One Belt One Road global vision of New Silk Road connectivity, and Hybrid Warfare. He is a frequent contributor to Global Research.
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Andrew Korybko , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/dont-get-too-excited-about-the-mexican-silk-road/5646272
Developmental Services of Northwest Kansas plans to celebrate its 50th anniversary with a special dance for DSNWK staff, parents and persons served, followed by an open house at 4 p.m. on Friday, Sept. 29, at Reed Developmental Center, 317 W. 13th, Hays.
Jimmy Dee and the Fabulous Destinations will take the stage 12:30 p.m. at Kennedy Middle School, Hays. DSNWK plans a special lunch and a balloon launch for persons served.
Following the dance, the public is invited to enjoy refreshments and a 50-year timeline tour of DSNWK and its history at Reed Developmental Center.
DSNWK is a 501(c)3 nonprofit serving 18 counties in northwest Kansas with a mission to advocate for persons with disabilities and those who care about them by planning and supporting a life of dignity, interdependence, and personal satisfaction in the community.
The event is sponsored by Nex-Tech, Conrade Insurance, Styles Dance Centre, Phyllis Strecker Memorial and Hays Tees.
— Submitted
OSIJEK, CROATIA—Canada's Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil looked to be in total control of their Davis Cup doubles match Saturday.
But a strong Croatian rally turned the rubber around, handing the home team a 2-1 lead in the first-round World Group tie.
Toronto's Nestor and Vancouver's Pospisil took a two-set lead and were up a break in the third before Marin Cilic and Ivan Dodig stormed back to win 2-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2.
“This is definitely a hard loss to process,” said Pospisil.
“We were playing so well at the start of the match, we were in control, but they were able to get that first break in the third set, which was the turning point.”
From Skinny To Jacked
This Guy Packed On 35 Pounds Of Muscle And Now He's Sharing His Secrets
From nothingness, the universe was created. From a simple caterpillar, a butterfly emerges. A dorky teen grows up to be a fashion model, or a bodybuilder. The one constant in life is change, and in our Transformation of the Week series, AskMen is celebrating men who have turned their lives around through dedication, commitment and hard work. Is that you? Email us your story and pictures at askus@askmen.com and you could be featured next week!
Fitness transformation stories almost always seem to be about weight loss. But there are those among us that want to pack on a few pounds or get stronger or simply be more confident at the beach. And some of those guys have been slim forever and think aloud, "why do I even need to go to the gym?"
Thirty-one year old Reddit user Mikey67Tang was one of those guys, until his wife practically pushed through the gym doors. And now, "I wish I could go back 10 years and kick my scrawny ass," he wrote. "Today, I couldn't be having more fun!"
He didn't hire a trainer or dive into an incredibly restrictive diet. In fact, he didn't even have any specific goals when he started. But what was intriguing however, was the idea that he could re-sculpt his through a combination of food and pumping iron. He followed a series of programs he discovered on other Reddit threads. First a simple six-month PPL (push-pull-legs) program and then a 5-3-1 lifting schedule for the next four.
A year ago, he had never touched a weight. Now he's posting YouTube videos crushing a 315-pound squat double.
He shared a simple diet that require he eats five times a day, including two snacks with things like Greek yogurt and a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and supplemented with Omega-3, probiotics and glucosamine. But most importantly for him was hitting his eating goals each day. He shared these tips for gaining:
Media and Canadian democracy deserve better — Jan. 27
Thanks for publishing the op-ed piece by John Honderich. It presents a series of non-monetary benefits that the federal government could provide for the Canadian news media. These benefits would probably avoid the damage to Canada that has been done to the United States political life since Facebook and other internet platforms moved into the news broadcasting business.
There is one reservation. The Canadian news media organizations that would be supported by the Honderich recommendations appear to be concentrated in the hands of a few powerful players. It would be valuable to look at ways to ensure that our media are decentralized in return for receiving government aid. That would better ensure that they provide news coverage that serves the interests of Canadians in general, not just people in dominant positions in our society.
With this reservation aside, I believe that Mr. Honderich's arguments will be worthy of careful thought when the next federal election is called.
Dave Webster
Cambridge
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Joe Ledley will have a new look to show off when he finds his next club — after undergoing a hair transplant.
The Welsh midfielder is available on a free following his release by Crystal Palace .
And Ledley — arguably as famous for his beard and dancing exploits as his football — decided on a follicular unit extraction to spruce up his bonce.
Sounds painful, doesn't it? Well, judging by the pics tweeted by UK hair restoration firm KSL Hair, the 30-year-old was all smiles as he sat through the procedure.
(Photo: Getty)
The images show Ledley's head covered in marker pen ahead of his makeover, similar to the one Manchester United star Wayne Rooney opted for when his thatch started to thin.
Wales talisman Gareth Bale has routinely been linked with a hair transplant amid rumours his man bun is covering a bald patch , but his international team-mate beat him to the punch.
And if his new barnet matches the impressive growth on his chin, the former Cardiff and Celtic man will have every reason to celebrate next season.
(Photo: Stu Forster)
A host of clubs is said to be chasing the hairy cult hero of Chris Coleman's national side, with Ledley admitting he is up for a move abroad.
He said: "There's been clubs from all over the world in touch with my agent.
"I'd be prepared to go abroad. I think it would appeal to me — especially having played international football because I love playing on that stage and I think it suits the way I play.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"There's been Championship and Premier League clubs in touch, a lot of interest, but I want to have a good summer with the family and go from there."
Ledley, who moved to Selhurst Park from Celtic in January 2014, made 21 appearances for the Eagles last term.
Bradley, a 63-year-old in a small conservative city in Nebraska, also voted for Trump. But he thinks NAFTA has helped Americans, and Mexicans and Canadians, and he's skeptical of change.
Randy Bradley has lived another version of the dream, working his way up from restaurant dishwasher to restaurant owner. In the 1990s, he opened Burger King franchises in Iowa and Missouri — one of them in 1993, the very year NAFTA was approved by Bill Clinton. They're both booming.
“We've got to do something,” he said. “I don't know what that is, but we need help from somebody.”
Swendt, 45, lives in a small conservative city in the state of Washington, and he voted for Donald Trump in large part because of his tough words about trade. He wants Trump to make this free trade agreement less free, changing it to protect American jobs from cheap Chinese steel rerouted into the U.S. from Mexico.
WASHINGTON—Jason Swendt has lasted two decades at the local aluminum smelter, “living the American Dream” on wages good enough to let him adopt a foster child to go with the three kids he already had. But he has been through four layoffs now, seen hundreds of colleagues let go, and he thinks the North American Free Trade Agreement is a big reason why.
Canada's ambassador to the U.S., David MacNaughton, said in July that the Canadian government understands that it needs to come to a revised NAFTA that allows Trump to “declare victory” to his voter base.
“The fewer people have to spend on other things,” he said, “the more they can buy of my food.”
He worries that altering NAFTA to protect industries like steel — “which doesn't employ that many people” — will raise prices on a host of manufactured goods, leaving the general public with less cash to do things like eat out.
Talk of Trump's base inevitably calls to mind the people he emphasized in his campaign rhetoric: anti-free-trade workers struggling to eke out a living in a Rust Belt town crippled by factory closures. In fact, it is more diverse.
As negotiations begin on Wednesday in Washington, Trump's administration is hearing from a cacophony of varying and sometimes contradictory demands from big-business groups and Tea Party groups, farmers and ranchers, labourers pining for a return of the industrial economy and entrepreneurs seeking a smoother path to success in a post-industrial world.
Read more:
Chrystia Freeland plans to sell Canadians on the need for a new trade deal with U.S., Mexico
Meet NAFTA negotiator Steve Verheul — the most important Canadian you've (probably) never heard of
Here's what to expect as crucial NAFTA talks between U.S., Canada and Mexico begin this week
On the whole, his voters are opposed to NAFTA by a ratio around two-to-one. But his base is no monolith.
It includes Bruce Reynolds, 67, a former union worker in a now-shuttered auto parts factory, who wants Trump to make “massive changes” to an agreement he believes is responsible for the disappearance of heavy industry in his Indiana city of Muncie. And it includes Brian Billman, 52, owner of a closets business in Duluth, Minn., who wants Trump to make trade with Canada freer, letting him ship his patented product to nearby Thunder Bay without so many paperwork hassles.
What unites them is faith in Trump.
The eight Trump voters who spoke to the Star did not see themselves as experts in the details of NAFTA, and some were wary of Trump's threat to abandon the agreement entirely if he did not get his way. But they believed their president, whom they saw as a talented negotiator with their interests at heart, would do the right thing.
“He's a businessman, and I don't think he's going to do something for the special interests,” said Mark Carbone, 48, who employs two Canadians as the chief executive of an 11-employee medical-device company in Florida. “I have confidence in him.”
Such sentiments have convinced some trade analysts that Trump might be able to sell virtually any revised NAFTA to Republican voters as a victory, even without the radical overhaul he has promised. The American public is “malleable” on the complex issue of trade and susceptible to the arguments of political leaders, said Alexandra Guisinger, a Temple University professor and author of the book American Opinion on Trade.
Guisinger noted Tump did not appear to lose support when he announced in April that he would be softening his trade pressure on China in order to seek help with North Korea, nor when he agreed in July to drop the idea of implementing a “border adjustment tax” on imports.
“I think at the end of the day, these agreements are complicated enough that politicians can manipulate the story that comes out in a way that voters won't necessarily react to it,” she said.
But Trump might still face a tough audience in Congress. Revisions to the agreement must be approved by both the House and the Senate. Even if Trump presents the updated version as tougher than the existing version, he will still have to get a majority of legislators to put their names on record in support of NAFTA — an agreement most of them have never been forced to formally endorse.
Trump might well be trying to do it, moreover, during a particularly delicate time: the 2018 congressional primary season, when even Republican legislators with pro-trade beliefs may be nervous about a challenge from an anti-trader.
Support for free trade declined among Republican voters during the Barack Obama era, when some party legislators fought him over the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and it plummeted after Trump rose to the top of the party. Just 30 per cent of Republican voters now say NAFTA has been good for the country, according to Pew Research, versus 33 who say it has been “very” bad.
“There's not going to be a Democrat who can vote for this. Even if it's a good deal, it's still Trump's deal. So they're not going to give him a win. So the wild card is, what's the Republican Party going to do?” said Dan Ujczo, an Ohio-based trade lawyer specializing in Canada-U.S. issues. “I think the prevailing wisdom is, ‘Well, Republicans control the House and Senate.' As we're seen on health-care and everything else, they're certainly not aligned. And you're going to have to start counting votes there.”
Trump's strongest support comes from rural areas. The actual farmers in many of those areas, though, are among the people most worried about the negotiations, fearing a loss of their essential access to Canada and Mexico.
John Linder, 59, is a fifth-generation farmer who farms 3,000 acres of corn and other crops in an Ohio county that went 72 per cent for Trump. Terminating NAFTA would be “devastating,” he said, and any change that limited continental exchange would hurt.
“The value of trade is very near and dear to my history as a farmer. Canada is so important to us,” he said, and “extremely important to my profitability in Ohio.”
Linder, a member of the National Corn Growers Association board, declined to discuss his vote last year. Like many farmers, though, he was far less enthusiastic about the president's trade path than many of his neighbours.
“We have who we have,” he said, “and that's how we work.”
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
The combination of Hansal Mehta and Rajkummar Rao has always been a deadly one, what with the duo coming out with much-acclaimed movies like Shahid, Citylights and Aligarh to name a few. The duo comes together once again but on a completely different platform, one that is digital in nature and has created a storm ever since it was launched in April 2017, Ekta Kapoor's brainchild ALTBalaji.
Titled Bose-Dead/Alive, the show is an unraveling of India's biggest cover up, based on the life of Subhash Chandra Bose. Rajkummar, an actor known for his sheer dedication and talent has given his blood, sweat, and tears and the transformation is visible in this exclusive first look image.
The trailer of ALTBalaji's Bose-Dead/Alive will be launched on 18th August, 2017. Directed by Pulkit, the show has been created by Hansal Mehta.
Trending :
The actor has been prepping for his role and, in fact, even had his head shaved so as to look as authentic as possible. Rajkummar has also gained weight. Talking about the opportunity, Rajkummar told indianexpress.com, “I am feeling fortunate that I have got the chance to play him. In a way, I am really happy that people would know more about his life. There are so many instances about his life which left me surprised.” He added that he will be learning Bengali for the Web series.
Meanwhile, Rajkummar is all set to surprise us yet again with Hansal Mehta's directorial Omerta, which will premiere this year at the Toronto Film Festival.
For now, he is busy in promoting his upcoming commercial film Bareilly Ki Barfi, in which he will be sharing screen space with Kriti Sanon and Ayushmann Khurrana.
LONDON — James DeGale announced Wednesday that he has vacated his IBF super middleweight title.
"I have relinquished my IBF title as I look to secure big fights in the final chapter of my career," the 32-year-old DeGale wrote on Twitter.
"This is the final phase of my career where I want to be involved in the biggest fights possible. My team have been working very hard behind the scenes and we've got some exciting news to announce soon."
DeGale became the first British Olympic gold medallist to win a professional world title when in 2015 he outpointed Andre Dirrell in Boston.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
China is currently facing a massive gender gap, with 33.6 million more men than women in the country of 1.4 billion people.
But one firm believes it may have a solution for these lonely men - in the form of ‘smart' sex dolls that can talk, play music, and even turn on dishwashers.
Exdoll is a firm based in Dalian, that has ambitions to apply artificial intelligence to make life-like dolls with a range of uses.
Speaking to AFP , Wuy Xingliang, marketing director at Exdoll, said: “China has a shortage of women, and this is a factor in why there's this demand, but they're not just for sex.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"We're designing them so they can have meaningful conversations with you and help with chores around the house.
“They could eventually even work as medical assistants or receptionists.”
Exdoll's doll is called Xiaodie, and is a sex doll fitted with Wi-Fi similar to smart assistants like Siri and Alexa, which can surf the internet and respond to voice commands.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Buyers can customise a range of physical features.
This includes height, skin tone, breast size, eye colour, hair colour and even amount of pubic hair.
According to Exdoll, the most popular dolls have pale skin, large breasts and measure between 158 and 170 centimetres (five foot two and five foot seven) tall.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
The internet-connected doll comes with a fairly hefty price tag of 25,000 yuan (£2,800).
In the next year, Exdoll hopes to roll out more advanced robots that have human-like facial expressions and body movements.
Qiao Wu, chief development officer at Exdoll, said: "There are already good robot technologies developed, so we want to concentrate on having a robot with the most beautiful face, and the hottest body.”
A shopkeeper in Dewsbury was injured by an armed robber who threatened him with a kitchen knife during a raid last night.
Detectives today issued an appeal for witnesses to the crime, which took place at an off licence in Staincliffe Road.
They are particularly keen to hear from anyone who saw a man in a high visibility vest standing outside the premises for a few minutes before the offence took place.
The robber entered the shop shortly before 7.30pm and threatened the 59-year-old male shopkeeper with what was described as a kitchen knife.
He then grabbed at the till and tried to cut a cord attaching it to the counter, injuring the shopkeeper in the process.
The robber then ran off with the till, leaving the shopkeeper with minor hand injuries.
Detective Inspector Mark Atkinson, of Kirklees District CID, said: “We are carrying out a number of enquiries into this robbery and would particularly like to speak with anyone who saw the incident or who saw a man matching the suspect's description hanging around outside the store prior to the robbery itself.
“I would also like to speak to anyone who saw this man fleeing the scene carrying a grey Casio till immediately after the robbery took place."
The robber was described as being about 5ft 6in tall and had his face covered.
He was wearing a high visibility vest over a hooded grey tracksuit top with the hood up.
Anyone who has information is asked to contact Kirklees CID on 101, referencing crime number 13170576880.
Information can also be given anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
Bella Thorne has crushes on Demi Lovato, Kristen Stewart and Camila Cabello.
The 19-year-old actress - who came out as bisexual last year - revealed she has the hots for a number of famous women and would love to date them.
She told Stylecaster.com: "Demi Lovato. That's an obvious one. I love Demi. We're close. She's amazing, just such a beautiful person inside and out. Love everything she stands for.
"Kristen Stewart. I'm like, 'Please.' She's so hot. Oh. My. God. You put on those f**king Converse, girl. You put on that rock shirt, and you come to mommy. I literally love Kristen Stewart.
"Who else is super-hot? Oh, Camila Cabello. I think she's so hot. I just saw her at a party the other night, but she was with a guy, so I wasn't gonna hit on her because she was with a date."
However, Bella admitted that she finds it easier to date men than women because she never knows if women are into her or not.
She explained: "It's so hard. I can't tell if a girl is trying to be best friends with me or if she wants to get with me or if she just wants social media followers. I'm just so confused when a girl talks to me. Girls can be very flirtatious, so I don't want to make a move, and then you be like, 'Whoa, girl. Not what I was thinking, I don't roll that way'.
"Then it's so awkward. So I end up usually dating more guys, because with guys, I know if a guy's hitting me up. They're not just texting me to be my bestie. I know they want something, of some sort.
"I have this girl that's always, like, 'OMG, you're so gorgeous,' and she's always hitting on me, and I'm like, I don't know. I don't want to make a move and then you're, like, 'Oh, I'm not gay,' and then I'm, like, Oh, this is so awkward. Now you feel like I just ruined our friendship because it's just too weird."
And Bella also claims that most girls she knows are only interested in hooking up because they are not out as lesbian or bisexual.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Better Than Bad never fails to keep the beat.
Although the Scranton group uses one drummer on stage, each of the four members has played the drums in some shape or form, whether in a former band, high school jazz band or even marching band.
The Scranton cover band consists of Ben Bush on guitar and vocals, Jeff Young on lead vocals, Paul Beavers on drums and vocals and Joey Nicholoff on bass and vocals. And in addition to percussion, the members are vastly talented when it comes to other instruments, from bass and guitar to violin. They maintain a diverse approach to their set list, expanding their music from hard rock to Top 40 and even some '80s pop hits.
Q: How did you guys meet?
Ben Bush: I met Paul in a previous band in the Scranton area where he played drums and I played bass guitar. Jeff was suggested by a fellow musician and fit in with the group quickly. Joey filled in when the original bassist had a jiu-jitsu injury and fit in fairly quickly.
Q: Where did your band name come from?
BB: When we assembled the original five-piece version of the group, we finished playing a song and someone said, “I wouldn't call it good yet, but it was better than bad.” We laughed, and it just stuck as the new name.
Jeff Young: I told people for the first few months that it was from “Ren and Stimpy,” until Ben ruined it for me. I still secretly pretend it is.
Q: What do you remember about the first time you performed in public together?
BB: I'm crazy about details and try to be consistent. I was confident in everyone's ability, so I remember being focused on making sure things were dialed in, from sound to lighting.
Paul Beavers: I just remember getting a really good vibe with this lineup. Everything just fell into place.
Joey Nicholoff: I filled in one night on very short notice. I think the show was Saturday, and Jeff messaged me on Friday and gave me about 50 songs to learn. I knew about half of them, so I ended up staying 24 hours straight learning the other half, then performing them that night. I think that's how I got the job.
Q: What is the process like for writing your music?
BB: Right now, originals are still in the early stages. I've been recording demos at my home studio for the rest of the band to review and put their own touches on. Being a multi-instrument player makes that a bit easier but still challenging.
Q: How have you changed as a musician over the years?
PB: The only thing that has changed for me is variety. I enjoy a challenge as
I get older.
JN:I started playing out when I was 14 in local clubs that unfortunately aren't around any longer. Being that young, I learned at a very early age how to collaborate and listen to other musicians. Not just their instruments but their timing. Having chemistry was always one of the most important things for me, and everyone in this band has that.
Q: What are some of your favorite memories as a part of this band?
BB: Being around other local acts is always a good time. We've played shows, CD release parties and benefits with a handful of other bands and always had a great response in sharing fans. Seeing people enjoy the talent in this area is a great feeling. We try to support the friends we've made and make an effort to try to get out and see other acts whenever possible.
Q: How has the NEPA music scene changed over the years?
BB: The economy hurt the size of the average crowd, which, in turn, hurt businesses. Some places closed, others opened, so venues changed. Some groups that were local moved up to a regional, national or even international level. I think that's kept the fire going in a lot of NEPA artists, aside from just having a love for music.
Q: What is the biggest challenge you have faced as a musician?
BB: Scheduling. We have “regular” jobs and families, so it's difficult to get everyone together on a regular basis. We're spread from Scranton to Tunkhannock, so that adds another element of difficulty.
Q: What are your future goals for the band?
BB: We'd like to continue to grow our crowd and expand our area. I'd like to get the wheels turning on some original music and release a CD in the near future. I think that will open some new opportunities for us to grow and play with different acts.
JN: I think we're all hoping to spread out and hopefully release a CD in the near future. And with the internet now and how easy it is to market and promote, we can do things that couldn't be done 15 years ago.
Contact the writer:
cjacobson@citizensvoice.com, @CVcljacobson on Twitter
Meet the band
Founded: 2015
Based out of: Scranton
Members: Ben Bush, guitar and vocals; Jeff Young, lead vocals; Paul Beavers, drums and vocals; and Joey Nicholoff, bass and vocals.
Online: Better Than Bad on Facebook
Up next: Acoustic Duo, tonight, the V-Spot Bar,
906 Providence Rd.
Turkey's President Is Granted Broad New Powers By Referendum Voters
Turkey's president has declared victory in Sunday's referendum to give him more powers — though the vote was close and indicates a country divided about the future of its troubled democracy.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Here are a few facts about Turkey. It's partly in Asia, partly in Europe. It sells itself as the bridge between the West and Middle East. It's a vital U.S. ally, part of NATO, a base for strikes into Syria. And now, a referendum is the latest development to make Turkey seem less democratic, concentrating more power in the hands of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. NPR's Peter Kenyon is in Istanbul and has been following the voting. Hi, Peter.
PETER KENYON, BYLINE: Hi, Steve.
INSKEEP: So we should mention 51-49, pretty close vote, but this referendum seems to have passed. So how much more powerful is the president going to be now?
KENYON: Right, these unofficial returns do show a narrow victory. Erdoğan doesn't actually become a strong president legally right away, only if he wins the next election in 2019. But basically, the government's taking this as a ratification of his increasingly dominant role in Turkish politics. He gave a victory speech last night. He raised more questions about whether he wants more ties with the EU or less. He talked about bringing back the death penalty. That would kill the EU bid, could signal more of a shift away from the West.
Turkey's very important, a troublesome partner in some areas like the fight against ISIS. There's Turkish air bases being used there. There's the migrant flow to the EU or lack thereof, NATO. The West has a really strong interest in keeping Turkey as an ally. Turkey needs that, too. But right now, things are a little iffy, I'd say.
INSKEEP: OK, so packed a lot in there, even mentioning things like the death penalty, which would relate to whether Turkey could be fully accepted into Europe. Were people surprised at all by the results here, Peter?
KENYON: Some were surprised at how close it was. I mean, this was a pretty tilted campaign, critics said. The yes camp got a lot more airtime on TV. A lot of no voters were afraid to be identified. In fact, close enough the opposition says it's going to challenge alleged irregularities. It might be an uphill fight, but it means (inaudible) challenge. It could be days or longer before we know the final results.
INSKEEP: OK, so...
KENYON: Basically, the result shows that the country's still very, very divided.
INSKEEP: Well, as you talk with voters in this divided country, what do you hear?
KENYON: Well, with the yes voters, the big issue seemed to be stability. Before Erdoğan, Turkey had a lot of coalition governments. They had lots of problems, didn't work very well. Now the yes voters say strong president, less infighting, more direct action, now our problems are really going to be solved. And there's a nationalist element. Now the world has to take Turkey more seriously.
On the no side, it was a bit more obvious. They were deeply worried about concentrating so much power in the presidency. And this goes even beyond disagreements with Erdoğan's governing style - massive firings, jailing of civil servants and journalists after last summer's coup. They basically said whoever's in charge, it's very dangerous to give them too much power.
But barring some new political challenger rising up, it looks like Erdoğan could well be in charge until 2029, more than a quarter century in power. And some opponents are saying, well, what kind of democracy is that?
INSKEEP: Well, were there even some supporters of Erdoğan who worried about this, Peter?
KENYON: There are. They were not willing to speak out publicly very much. But there are some quiet concerns about where this is heading. And I think the next couple years will be very interesting.
INSKEEP: OK, thanks very much. That's NPR's Peter Kenyon in Istanbul.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The man behind a viral video of a bus driver and a passenger having a verbal altercation over not being dropped off at a scheduled bus stop, said he wants action taken for his fellow community members.
18-year-old Andrei Challenger posted a video online of a public bus driver dropping him short of his stop at the North Side bus stop. Mr. Challenger posted this video to bring awareness to an issue he said he has been dealing with for some time.
“I've had situations of me being left at the police station, Bodden Town police station and my father had to come pick me up around 9 to 10 in the night so I'm really getting sick and tired of it,” said Mr. Challenger, who filmed the altercation with a bus driver.
Mr. Challenger said he was surprised how many people responded to the video and had similar experiences.
“But it seems that once everyone saw it people had to compare themselves towards it, you know what I mean and when they saw the video, like, oh it's happened to me before,” said Mr. Challenger.
“We are the ones that keep the country moving, without buses the country wouldn't run,” said Adian Green, uncle of Lockley Morison the bus driver involved in the incident. Lockley Morrison had his permit suspended for six months, his uncle Adian Green, a bus driver himself says the action was unfair.
Mr. Morrison had his permit suspended for six months and his uncle, a bus driver himself, said the action was unfair.
“Well I feel bad about him because I know he's a good guy, know he's a good guy, he doesn't have any bad record of him dropping people off on the road, and he doesn't do that,” said Mr. Green.
Mr. Green said he hoped the authorities will reconsider the matter and show some leniency to his nephew.
“It's a difficult job, real difficult, people threaten you [and] people do all sorts of things,” said Mr. Green.
“There is always a saying, they say the customer is always right, no matter what, you see what I'm saying and I understand that some of the things I said was kind of wrong, but still, you have to do your route,” said Mr. Challenger.
We reached out to Mr. Morrison for this story, but he has not responded up to news time.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Arguing for a more precise definition of harmful speech, recipient of the Human Rights Institute 2015-2016 Dissertation Writing Fellowship Cathy Buerger gave a presentation for the Povolny Lecture Series in International Studies on Monday, Jan. 29 in the Warch Campus Center cinema.
The Povolny Lecture Series is an annual sequence organized by Lawrence University's Government Department where speakers from outside the school are invited to give a talk to students, faculty and members of the Appleton community. The series is inspired by the legacy of long-time Emeritus Professor of Government and Henry M. Wriston Professor of Social Sciences Mojmir Povolny who taught at Lawrence from 1958 to 1987. The lecture series includes topics that relate to international relations and current social issues.
Buerger, a research and communications associate from the Dangerous Speech Project, presented “Dangerous Speech: A Global Perspective.” She brought up the very real concern of “hate speech” in our communities, and of certain groups being targeted for insults or slurs. While Buerger acknowledged that most people are against “hate speech”, she argued that there is no consensus on what “hate speech” actually is. Because of this, there is very little agreement about how to approach “hate speech”, whether it is something that should be criminalized or simply resolved within the community.
Buerger offered one possible step forward in the debate about “hate speech.” In her lecture, she differentiated between “hate speech” and what she called “dangerous speech.” While “hate speech” and “dangerous speech” often overlap, they are not the same thing. For Buerger, “dangerous speech” is language that incites violence or leads to the persecution of certain groups of people. On the other hand, “hate speech” is vulgar and hurtful towards its targets, but does not necessarily lead to actualization through violence.
At this, Buerger transitioned into explaining how different countries approach “hate speech” through their legal systems. She said that while many countries start with good intentions in prohibiting “hate speech” to protect the dignity of minorities, legal methods can easily morph into ways to quash dissent. For example, for President of Venezuela Nicolás Maduro, calling the government corrupt now qualifies as “hate speech” and can lead to jail time.
Since much of “hate speech” is generated online, some countries like Germany and Russia have enacted new laws to get social media giants like Facebook and Twitter to exert greater control of their content. In Germany, “hate speech” must be taken down by social media administrators within 24 hours, or the company will face a steep fine. Due to the sheer amount of content on their platforms, social media companies have invented algorithms to detect and take down “hate speech” without human oversight.
Buerger expressed several concerns about this approach to “hate speech” in our real life or online communities. When social media platforms use algorithms, the public may not realize what they are taking down. Algorithms also cannot differentiate between “hate speech” and people reporting accounts of having experienced “hate speech”. For example, Buerger brought up a case where one woman's post about a man calling her a racial slur was taken down, depriving her of her right to raise awareness. This can lead other people to be ignorant about how often “hate speech” actually occurs. When mistakes are made, platforms do not have good appeal processes for people to dispute the decisions of algorithms.
Finally, Buerger spoke of recent research that shows that when people can respond to “hate speech” online and discuss why it is not acceptable, it can lead the community to be better educated on the whole. It can also amplify the problem of “hate speech” in our communities, addressing it as a very real and unfortunately common problem. Engaging with perpetrators of “hate speech”, according to Buerger, creates multiple narratives and makes it harder for people to be ignorant.
“Differentiating between ‘hate speech' and ‘dangerous speech' won't solve everything,” Buerger conceded. “However, it will allow us to have better conversations, understand how speech works and identify situations that are susceptible to violence.”
Gauri Lankesh, a progressive activist and editor of Kannada tabloid Gauri Lankesh Patrike, was shot down by unknown assailants outside her home in Bengaluru on 5 September last year. File photo: HT
Bengaluru: A special investigation team (SIT), probing the murder of senior journalist and activist, Gauri Lankesh, on Wednesday filed a chargesheet naming at least two people to be involved in planning the attack.
Earlier this year, the SIT arrested K.T. Naveen Kumar, a resident from Kadalur village (Maddur Taluka) in Mandya over his alleged role in the murder that made national and international headlines.
The investigation revealed the involvement of another individual named Praveen among others. In a statement on Wednesday, the investigating authorities on Wednesday said that they had gathered enough evidence to prove the involvement of Naveen Kumar and Praveen in the planning of the murder, even though it is yet to be proven who carried out the actual attack. The police have charged the two with Section 302, 114, 120 (B), 35 IPC along with other charges including Section 3 and 25 of the Arms Act and filed a chargesheet before the III ACMM court.
Lankesh, a progressive activist and editor of Kannada tabloid Gauri Lankesh Patrike, was shot down by unknown assailants outside her home in Raja Rajeshwari Nagar on 5 September last year.
Though the SIT is nowhere near solving the case, the previous government under Siddaramaiah had said that it would soon bring the perpetrators to justice. The delay in solving Lankesh's murder case, had seen widespread protests demanding justice for the slain activist.
Police say a woman walking outside a crosswalk on Sunday night in the Phoenix area when she was hit by the self-driving car. (@zombieite/Flickr)
Ride-hailing company suspends all road-testing of such vehicles in U.S. and Canada
A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a suburb in Phoenix, Ariz., in the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle, prompting the ride-hailing company Monday to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada.
Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
READ MORE: Self-driving Ubers could still be many years away, says research head
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside a crosswalk in Tempe on Sunday night was hit, police said. The woman, identified as Elaine Herzberg, 49, died at a hospital.
Uber suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
From: John Riseley, Harcourt Drive, Harrogate.
PRESIDENT Trump's attack on President Assad's forces in Syria makes some sense as a means of rendering the use of chemical weapons counter-productive and of lending credibility to his military options against North Korea. There are those, however, who wish to extend and exploit this.
Bizarrely, Hillary Clinton tries to suggest that the natural corollary of objecting to the poisoning of civilians is to invite hundreds of thousands of them to settle permanently in the USA. At the same time supporters of the rebels, open and covert, ask that restrictions upon Syrian government tactics to be made so comprehensive as to bring about regime change.
However black some may wish to paint the soul of Bashar al-Assad, this does not imply that the opposition leaders who seek to replace him are virtuous or innocent men.
A long civil war inevitably takes a heavy toll in human life. Those who begin and perpetuate such a war in order to overthrow the state must bear responsibility for that. Actions taken by the state in resisting this attempt can hardly be cited in mitigation for the earlier act of rebellion.
The West arms, and aids, factions in the war whose leaders escape censure only because most of us don't know their names.
There is no nice option for ruling Syria; it would be criminal to prolong the war for a single day to secure a change of leader. Yet Boris Johnson seems set upon repeating the Libyan policy of William Hague.
From: Edward Mitchell, Bridgwater, Somerset.
BORIS Johnson is assuring us that the recent horrific gas attack in Syria was the work of the President Bashar al-Assad.
However, while I see Boris on my television virtually every night, he has yet to offer one single shred of evidence that Assad, and his Syrian government, are actually the perpetrators.
Boris is actually an American, born to wealthy parents in the Upper East Side of New York during June 1964. He is Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs under the current Conservative government. I voted for the Conservatives, but regret it every time I see or hear Boris.
We now have to endure this rather mad-looking Eton-educated lad who has no foreign experience.
And yet we have to suffer this man as the British expert on foreign affairs.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Millions of vulnerable households are at risk of missing out on a discount to help warm their homes over the cold snap.
The Government's Cold Weather Payments scheme is designed to support struggling households in below-freezing weather - and as temperatures plummet to below zero, it means you may be able to apply for it.
The scheme is offered to people on low incomes who receive a qualifying benefit, such as pension credit or certain employment benefits, when temperatures sink below 0°C in the area they live in.
What is a Cold Weather Payment?
Cold Weather Payments are paid during extremely cold temperatures.
This is defined by the Met Office as when the average temperature is 0°C or below, for seven days in a row.
On Monday, the Met Office extended its Yellow severe weather warning to large parts of the East of England. It said in some areas, temperatures could plummet to a "perishingly cold" -10°C overnight. That's on top of 12 inches of snow in Scotland.
Even in London, where temperatures tend to be slightly milder, its currently hovering between -3°C and 3°C.
While the weather is set to rise over the course of the week, if you've been in 'freezing' weather for seven days or more so far - you could claim some financial help.
How much is a Cold Weather Payment?
This is a £25 a week payment for every seven-day spell of cold weather you experience. This only applies between 1 November and 31 March each year.
Am I eligible for the Cold Weather Payment?
The average temperature in your area needs to have been 0˚C or less for seven consecutive days. You can check your area's temperature by using the DWP's cold weather payment postcode checker .
You also need to be receiving certain benefits, such as one of the following (read more on whether you qualify for benefits, here) :
Pension Credit
Income Support
Income-based Jobseeker's Allowance
Income-based Employment and Support Allowance
Universal Credit
How can I claim a Cold Weather Payment?
If you're eligible for a Cold Weather Payment, you'll be paid automatically after each 7 day period of cold weather. You should receive your payment within 14 working days.
Contact your pension centre or Jobcentre Plus office if you think you should have received a Cold Weather Payment but didn't.
Oil and natural gas operators began evacuating staff and halting production at U.S. Gulf of Mexico platforms on Thursday ahead of Tropical Storm Nate, the second storm in as many months to rattle the Gulf Coast energy corridor, reports Reuters.
Nate, which has killed at least 10 people in Costa Rica and Nicaragua and caused intense rainfall, is forecast to scrape Honduras and Mexico, enter the Gulf and strengthen into a hurricane before making landfall this weekend in Louisiana, near several major refineries.
That path takes it through an area populated by offshore oil and natural gas platforms, which pump more than 1.6 million barrels of crude per day (bpd), about 17 percent of U.S. output, according to government data.
Another year, another MacBook Pro. While the MacBook Pro 2016 was a fundamental shift for Apple's flagship laptop, the 2017 edition is more of an incremental upgrade.
Aside from housing the current Intel Core processors, the latest MacBook Pro is nearly identical to last year's model. Regardless, let's take a closer look at the exact changes, and whether it's worth it to dive in now after passing on the previous generation – or upgrading from that model.
Design
Aesthetically, there's nothing new to see here. Although, there aren't any new flourishes here, the MacBook Pro is still arguably one of the best built laptops on the market.
Milled from a solid block of aluminum, the 13-inch MacBook Pro is an incredibly thin and light machine at just 0.59-inches (1.49cm) thick and 3.02 pounds (1.37kg). The 15-inch version is considerably larger in size, thanks to its bigger display, but it's nearly as thin at 0.61-inches (1.55cm) and fairly lightweight for its size-class at 4.02 pounds (1.83kg)
Display
Likewise, the displays on the new MacBook Pros aren't any different, but still serve up a gorgeous picture. The 13-inch model comes with a 227ppi screen at a 2,560 x 1,600 resolution.
Meanwhile, the 15-inch version is a small notch down in sharpness at 220ppi, due to its 2,880 x 1,800 pixels being spread across a larger screen.
Hardware
Now we come to the biggest change within the MacBook Pro 2017 model, the addition of the latest Intel Kaby Lake processors. On paper, all these 7th generation processors offer higher boost clocks that should translate into better performance.
With the latest processors also comes a new generation of integrated graphics, which should better handle streaming 4K media as well as media editing and creation. The 15-inch models also now feature higher-end discrete graphics, with the AMD Radeon Pro 555 and Radeon Pro 560 with up to 4GB of VRAM.
Kaby Lake should also afford Apple's latest flagship laptops longer battery life, but both models still claim to run for the same 10 hours as the previous iterations. We'll have to see if battery life with the latest hardware is better or worse in our full review.
One other little hardware tweak Apple has introduced here is all the memory across the MacBook Pro line now operates at a 2,133MHz frequency. The previous entry level model of the MacBook Pro 2016 came with 1,866MHz RAM. Unfortunately, memory capacity still peaks at just 16GB.
Price
Users have complained about the high price of the MacBook Pro and Apple's solution this year was a lower priced $1,299 (£1,249, AU$1,899) 13-inch non-touch bar model. Unfortunately, this new entry-level unit comes with only 128GB of storage, half the amount data capacity found in the lowest priced 2016 model.
The 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, meanwhile, remains at its original $2,399 (£2,349, AU$3,499) price.
Should you buy one?
If you were disappointed that Apple didn't debut its new MacBook Pro design with the latest Intel processors, the 2017 models are just the thing you've been waiting for. Users looking for the most powerful MacBook might also squeeze more out of the updated discrete graphics on the 15-inch model.
However, if you were holding out for increased RAM capacity, more storage or a 4K display, you're still out of luck here.
Other than those small upgrades, the newest MacBook Pro doesn't bring anything else to the plate. If you're looking for something to just handle your everyday computing tasks, the older, Skylake-powered MacBook Pros will more than suffice and are likely to go on sale with lower prices soon enough.
Lorenzo Brown may have split time between the Toronto Raptors and the Raptors905 but he's made an impression on the G League regardless of how long he's played there. The 27-year-old guard, on a two-way contract with the Raptors and their minor league affiliate, was the only 905 players named to the G League mid-season all-star team on Friday. In 23 G League games, the six-foot-four Brown has averaged 19.2 points and 9.1 assists per game; in 12 games with the Raptors he's played about eight minutes a game and averaged 1.2 points and less than one assists per game. But he hasn't hurt the Raptors when he's been called on to play when injuries have knocked another point guard out of games. “That's one of the reasons why Masai (Ujiri, the Raptors president) and Bobby (Webster, Toronto's general manager) went out and got him, that insurance policy,” Toronto coach Dwane Casey said. “He's done an excellent job with the 905 team, he's done a good job of bouncing back and forth, he's a true professional.”
Article Continued Below
No one else from the 905 roster made the mid-season all-star team, a group honoured in theory alone since the G League all-star game as part of the NBA's all-star weekend will not be held this season. Montreal's Khem Birch, who has averaged 13.8 points and 9.9 rebounds with the Lakeland Magic, the G League affiliate of the Orlando Magic, joins Brown on the Eastern Conference all-star team. Hosting Duties: Canada Basketball has picked two logical spots to host games in the long, convoluted process of trying to get the senior men's team to the 2019 World Cup.
Officials Dismissed Concerns Raised By Environmentalists About Oroville Dam
Environmental groups raised concerns the Oroville Dam had structural problems more than a decade ago. But California and federal officials dismissed the issues they raised.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Local train services in Bristol will be severely disrupted on the day of St Paul's Carnival, which is expected to attract around 100,000 people to the area.
The carnival returns on July 7 after a three-year absence and will be a huge celebration of Afro-Caribbean culture in Bristol, with its fantastic parade and stages and soundsystems all expected to be the highlights of the day.
The vast majority of roads in St Paul's will be closed on the day in order to ensure people can enjoy the carnival safely.
(Image: Bristol Post)
As a result, people are being urged not to drive to the event - but disruption to train services in the area across the weekend will make travelling even more difficult.
Both of the nearest stations to St Paul's - Stapleton Road and Montpelier - will be closed on Saturday as there are no trains running on the Severn Beach line between Bristol Temple Meads and Severn Beach, due to maintenance works.
Buses will replace trains to all stations between Temple Meads and Severn Beach and ticket acceptance will be in place on certain local buses, although these are expected to be busy.
What is the best way of travelling to St Paul's Carnival?
Although local stations around St Paul's will be closed, carnival-goers can still walk to the area from Bristol Temple Meads (about 25 minutes).
Train services will continue to operate into Bristol Temple Meads from London Paddington, Cardiff Central and Birmingham New Street. More information can be found on the Great Western Railway website.
Certain bus services in the area will also be diverted on the day of carnival.
Service 5, which runs through the St Paul's area, will divert from The Haymarket via Bond Street, Newfoundland Way and the M32 to junction 2 resuming its normal route from Eastgate. This route will be used in both directions and the nearest this service will stop to the St Paul's area is at Broadmead.
All of the following services will operate as normal along the A38 between Stokes Croft and Cheltenham Road and are the best way of travelling to Carnival if you do not live within walking distance of the area:
• No.70
• No.71
• No.73
• No.75
• No.76
• No.78
• No.79
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alan Shearer has slammed Jurgen Klopp for blaming the referee and not his side's "stupid defending" for blowing the lead in the Merseyside derby.
The Reds boss was furious after official Craig Pawson awarded a penalty to Everton after Dejan Lovren's push on Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
The German boss ranted in the post-match interview with Sky Sports and double-downed in his press-conference, but Shearer is adamant Klopp can only look in one place to attribute blame.
"It's rubbish," the England great said on Match of the Day 2. "Everyone knew before that game how Everton would play.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
"They had a game plan to sit deep and defend. It's up to Liverpool to try and get past that and they couldn't.
"We've heard Klopp come on and say it was a terrible decision and there's only one team were going to win it, well have a look at your own team selection.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
"You've left a guy out who scored a hat-trick in midweek [Philippe Coutinho] and as a centre forward I know that the time to be left out is when you're not scoring goals you can't wait to get out on to the pitch when you're a forward and you're scoring goals."
The Reds will have to rebound quickly with West Brom up next on Wednesday at Anfield, with the Baggies likely to pose a similar test to that of the Toffees.
SPRINGIELD -- A female, hit by a bullet after it ricocheted through her car in the Six Corners neighborhood early Tuesday, suffered only minor injuries and did not require medical treatment.
Ryan Walsh, spokesman for Springfield police, said the shooting occurred near 73 Cherry St. at about 2:15 a.m. The female, hit in the leg, had no visible injury.
It was the city's second shooting overnight. A male, shot at Federal and Worthington streets at about 10:30 p.m., was taken to the hospital where he died.
Police continue to investigate both shootings.
Image: HBO / Game of Thrones
This week's episode of Game of Thrones, Eastwatch, was nowhere near as Earth-shattering as last week's long-awaited installment. But that doesn't mean this week didn't a few great moments that left Twitter feeling just a little shook. Here are some of the best reactions the internet at large had to Eastwatch.
Game Of Thrones Season 7 Episode 5 Recap: Eastwatch We're in the latter half of the season and things are developing quickly. We can see this in the opening sequence where The Pyke has been replaced by this week's's episode title — Eastwatch. Read more
First, before we get started, here's a quick recap on pretty much the whole season so far:
Game Of Thrones Season 7 Episode 5 : Bran: I can see everything Cersei: I know everything Dany: BEND THE KNEE Sansa: Wtf Jon as usual: pic.twitter.com/7uwgTx4PES — soph (@cerseime) August 14, 2017
We open immediately to the conclusion of last week's big cliffhanger: Jaime's last minute saviour was none other than Bronn, but he's pretty done with the Lannisters in general:
Jaime should really have read Bronn's terms and conditions #GameOfThrones #ThronesYall — el julius (@julius4_20) August 14, 2017
The Tarlys, on the other hand, staunchly side with the team that doesn't have dragons. Bad move.
Dickon and Randyll are the best Game of Thrones characters for merking all of their friends for personal gain then immediately dying — Akon Targaryen (@ByYourLogic) August 14, 2017
live look at Randyll and Dickon Tarly #GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/s090pELcMZ — Dale Asopardo (@smooov_operator) August 14, 2017
Knees bending like a MF after House Tarly went up like Hot Pockets #GameOfThrones — Barbados Slim (@CornyFitnessGuy) August 14, 2017
Some people are maybe just a little bit sad that the show's newest hunk is uh... not so hot anymore.
dickon tarly was the best part of season 7 and dany killed him. that hot piece of ass just got turned into a hot piece of ash. rip. #GoTs7 — winterf(h)ell sarah (@vaIonqarjaime) August 14, 2017
Now to the reason we're glad Jaime survived that firestorm: Cersei finding out how Olenna outplayed her even in her last moment. Slay, Queen of Thorns, slay.
Jaime: Tyrion didn't kill Joffrey, had nothing to do with it. It was Olenna. Olenna: #GoTS7 pic.twitter.com/OwGXe7aKCr — GameOfThronesAddict (@GameOfThroneGuy) August 14, 2017
Oh also Cersei is preggers (did anyone else miss this tidbit entirely or just me?)
Me after cersei revealed her pregnancy to Jaime : #GoTS7 pic.twitter.com/wNco1sb5Py — Messmess FxT (@melisssa35) August 14, 2017
How is Cersei pregnant? The prophecy said she would only have 3 children. It hasn't been wrong so far... #GameOfThrones #Thronesyall pic.twitter.com/mOIl3A2pTr — Erin OBrien (@ow_mesoernie) August 14, 2017
Now we move back to Dragonstone. Jon proves that Drogon doesn't hate all people, just ones that aren't Dany's secret nephews. Is anyone close to figuring this out yet?
Waiting for Jon to figure it out already.. Drogon doesn't let anyone pet him 🙄#GamesOfThrones pic.twitter.com/RNIDxDgga8 — michelle. (@_michhd) August 14, 2017
Oh and Jorah's back. There's a bit of side eye going on in this scene.
When Dany hugged Jorah Jon was like #GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/YIXSkrESJo — Puja Bhattacharjee (@pujabhattach) August 14, 2017
Poor Jorah is like "finally dany will be mine" then jon snow & gendry walk up the beach like #gameofthrones pic.twitter.com/DfJRQDpbjV — Dread Pirate Gendry (@AreyouthereZod) August 14, 2017
Meanwhile in Bran-town...
If I were a Game of Thrones character, I'd be Bran, because he just sits about and watches Game of Thrones all day — Michael Armstrong (@The_Big_Drink) August 14, 2017
Back in King's Landing Tyrion has just wandered straight into the city, had a good chat with his bro and then wandered straight back out again.
But more importantly, this King's Landing detour does actually have a point. It's ya boy, Gendry.
gendry better show up and just be like: "hey assholes, I'm the rightful heir cuz I'm the last baratheon, y'all got fuckin overthrown" — 施 雅 慧 🐯 (@seeingreyscale) August 15, 2017
Sadly this means we finally have to say goodbye to the classic Gendry rowing meme, which persisted for more than four years since he was last seen on the show.
But it's okay, we have some classic Stark/Baratheon bromance to get us through it. This season 1 throwback is so wholesome.
Gendry and Jon meeting reminded me of this#GoTS7 pic.twitter.com/KDxNAigGnH — GameOfThronesAddict (@GameOfThroneGuy) August 14, 2017
That moment when the son of Rhaegar and the son of Robert are friends. #GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/GDPPMluwUH — Tyrion Lannister (@TyrionTheHand) August 14, 2017
Find Someone who looks at you like How Jon Snow looks at Gendry Baratheon pic.twitter.com/hzQRIdOdZp — Thomas. (@tommybIakes) August 14, 2017
Although... does it seem like someone's missing from this conversation?
this is what jon deserves
this is what arya deserves
this is what gendry deserves
THIS IS WHAT I DESERVE pic.twitter.com/Rlgv8BqNwf — moony (@idirewolf) August 14, 2017
me when Jon and Gendry didn't talk about the very person who links them together: #GameofThrones pic.twitter.com/M4OqNbSAyQ — ilaria (@aryaesttark) August 14, 2017
You feel like these characters would have discussed their common links at some point, right?
jon hasn't mentioned aemon to dany
gendry hasn't mentioned arya to jon
jorah hasn't mentioned sam to jon pic.twitter.com/UyQOZ0UtNG — kitkat (@kithoerington) August 14, 2017
Despite all these big plot progressions, one of the episode's most surprising moments is literally one line unearthed by Gilly from an old book in the Citadel. Unearthed and then promptly ignored by Sam. What are you doing, mate?
Gilly just dropped the like the most important line in Game of Thrones history and got ignored #GameOfThones #Gilly pic.twitter.com/mtLNPu7i24 — Ishmeal Ivory ✌ (@ThatGood_Ish) August 14, 2017
Samwell Tarly: Who care about the secret marriage of Rhaegar Targaryen? Game of Thrones Fans: #GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/Ltplzmpm18 — Benjamin Portner (@TingleIsMyHero) August 14, 2017
Gilly low key just dropped one of the biggest bombs in game of thrones history and Sam wasn't even paying attention #GoTS7 #got pic.twitter.com/i0rMyTYUP8 — Shayla (@ShayRayVal) August 14, 2017
#GameOfThrones
Gilly: Yo, this right here is a game-changer Sam: Hold up, let me mansplain a little to ya — J.A. Adande (@jadande) August 14, 2017
Gilly: Discovers the most important piece of information in #GameOfThrones
Sam: pic.twitter.com/pZNKX9KE3r — Sammy (@sammyjlaw) August 14, 2017
**what it's like being a woman**
GILLY: here's the biggest reveal of the season it says—
SAM: could you shut up I'm tired of this let's go — Dana Schwartz (@DanaSchwartzzz) August 14, 2017
Maybe it's for the best he's going to drop out of nerd school.
So Sam is just gonna drop out within with only a couple semesters left? Bad choice man. Focus on your future. #GameOfThrones #Eastwatch — Cory Thone (@CoryThone) August 14, 2017
Meanwhile back in Winterfell Littlefinger's sneakiness is reaching caricature levels. We're all just waiting for Arya to shank him, really.
A lot of people still wish Littlefinger would just up and die already. Leave our Stark kids alone.
We're still trying to figure out what the note says though.
Meanwhile, back in Eastwatch... wait a sec, how did Davos get all the way up here already? He's already visited half of Westeros in this one episode.
Game of Thrones is in that point in the story where you get a fast travel system and characters are suddenly at new places instantly — Heidi O'Ferrall✨ (@AtelierHeidi) August 14, 2017
Davos getting from Dragonstone to King's Landing back to Dragonstone to Eastwatch in one #GameOfThrones episode: pic.twitter.com/hvJ793stNi — Jamie Jirak (@JamieCinematics) August 14, 2017
ser davos this ep pic.twitter.com/nrjxBTP6Wd — Pree (@Preemoose) August 14, 2017
Fast travel aside, some sort of unexpected dream team is assembling to head north of the wall. It's like Suicide Squad but actually good.
SPOILER #GameOfThrones
"Game of thrones'suicide squad beyond the wall" next Sunday on HBO 😂 pic.twitter.com/q4IIt6yl4G — mariam (@wondercxnary) August 14, 2017
So this episode is kind of Game of Thrones in a nutshell, right?
After an ordinary night visiting friends, 26-year-old Nnamdi Ogba likely wanted nothing more than to return home to his fiancée. Instead, he would be gunned down on an Etobicoke street before he even reached his car. “The only thing that lead to his death was simply walking out of that building at that particular time and place,” said homicide Det. Jason Shankaran. “Nnamdi was an innocent man.” Police responded to the scene at Scarlett Rd. and Scarlettwood Crt., near the Humber River, after receiving a call regarding reports of gunshots around 11 p.m. last Friday. There they found Ogba, lying unresponsive on the ground, bleeding from multiple gunshot wounds to the back. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
Police on Monday released surveillance clips showing two hooded suspects following Ogba at a distance before converging upon him out of frame and then fleeing back to their SUV. ( Toronto Police Service )
Police say Ogba never saw his attackers, who approached from behind. All the evidence in the case so far leads homicide investigators to believe that Ogba was an innocent casualty in a retaliation against the Scarlettwood Crt. neighbourhood as a whole — a neighbourhood Ogba didn't even live in.
Article Continued Below
On Monday, Shankaran stood sombre at a podium in 23 Division and updated the media with surveillance clips taken of the suspects and the vehicle they arrived in. The various clips show two hooded male figures leaving their vehicle, following Ogba at a distance before converging upon him out of view of the camera and then fleeing past cameras back to their SUV. The vehicle is believed to be a newer model Nissan Rogue.
The suspects' SUV, seen in surveillance video. Twenty-six-year-old Nnamdi Ogba was an electrical engineer who was set to be married. He was not a resident of Scarlettwood Crt., but was visiting friends the night two men from another neighbourhood decided to strike a blow against the area, killing him in a random attack, police say. ( Toronto Police Service )
In some clips, directly after Nnamdi has been shot, there are distant flashing lights visible. These aren't police lights; they're Nnamdi's car headlights flicking on and off. His car key was in his hand when he fell, police say. “We do not believe Nnamdi knew his attackers, nor do we believe that his attackers had any interaction with Nnamdi prior to ambushing him from behind. He was merely visiting friends who live within the complex,” Shankaran said. “I know that the community of Scarlettwood Court has received it's share of tragedy and also violence. I believe that the suspects are likely to have come from a different neighbourhood, considering what we see on the video. I believe that these suspects may harbour some kind of animosity towards the neighbourhood of Scarlettwood Court, and those residents who reside in it.”
The footage is grainy, but police are confident that anyone familiar with the suspects will be able to recognize them and identify them for police. Anyone who wishes to be anonymous can also call Crime Stoppers. “He had no criminal record, and no known gang affiliation. Nnamdi was an electrical engineer. He had a fiancée. He was about to be married,” Shankaran said. “I ask that you look into your heart at this particular situation. This situation was not one gang member shooting another. It's an innocent man being gunned down walking to his car, going to see his fiancée. And for that reason, I ask for your help.” Police believe that the only motive was this neighbourhood retaliation, and that who exactly died that night did not matter to the killers — if another person had exited the apartment complex two minutes before Ogba, and the suspects had been early to the scene by that same measure, Ogba might still be alive. “I think there can only be one word to describe them and that's ‘cowards.'” said Shankaran about the two men police are hoping to find. “To fein braveness or toughness by walking up to someone and shooting them in the back — you're not so brave. You're just a coward.”
Veteran Canadian actor Christopher Plummer has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his role in All the Money in the World.
The 87-year-old Plummer replaced Kevin Spacey as billionaire J. Paul Getty after Spacey was ousted from the movie in the wake of a series of sexual misconduct allegations.
Plummer was nominated for best actor in a supporting role along with Willem Dafoe (The Florida Project) Armie Hammer (Call Me by Your Name), Richard Jenkins (The Shape of Water) and Sam Rockwell (Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri).
Read more:
Christopher Plummer says rush to replace Kevin Spacey reminds him of his new Christmas movie
Jamie and Claire's love story isn't over yet, Sassenachs. While Season 4 doesn't have an official release date just yet, executive producer Ronald D. Moore is certain that Outlander Season 5 is happening. According to Entertainment Weekly, Moore shared his thoughts on the subject at the show's For Your Consideration panel in Los Angeles on Sunday, March 18. The executive producer reportedly told the audience that while the usual negotiations are still ongoing, "We are certainly going to do it. I have no doubt we are doing a season 5."
Starz has not officially renewed the series beyond Season 4, but Moore's reassurances should still come as a relief to fans of the time-traveling love story. After all, the show, which is based on Diana Gabaldon's book series of the same name, has plenty of story left to tell. The next season will bring the show up to book four, Drums of Autumn, but there are nine books in total, with one more planned to wrap up the series. That doesn't mean that Outlander will last for 10 seasons — although, there probably won't be many arguments from the audience if it does — but it does mean that Starz has plenty of source material to draw on if they choose to keep exploring Jamie and Claire's life together.
Before the show gets to Season 5, there's the matter of Season 4 to contend with. Filming is currently underway, and the new season is poised to reinvent the show once again. While Season 3 was all about building to the long-awaited reunion between Jamie and Claire, in Season 4 they will be firmly reunited and facing yet another new adventure — this time in 18th century North Carolina.
STARZ on YouTube
As Outlander continues to move forward, fans can expect more departures from the books. At the panel, Moore also reportedly revealed that the writers are always looking for new ways to adapt Gabaldon's work, and that could mean the trend of each season equaling one book might not continue. Moore explained to EW,
"Every year we approach it fresh. Should we keep it a book a season? We've done that up until now. But we've talked about splitting books, and we've talked about combining them. We want to be free in the writers' room to pick and choose and do what feels most comfortable that year."
Ultimately, seeing this level of freedom in the writers' room could benefit the Frasers' tale. As the story continues to progress forward, Jamie and Claire's daughter, Brianna, is set to play a much bigger role in the story — something that could begin as soon as Season 4. The later books often utilize her point of view, but for the show that could prove difficult. Jamie and Claire are undeniably the focal points of the series, and streamlining the books isn't necessarily a bad thing, as the first three seasons have shown.
It's unclear just how much of Drums of Autumn will make it to the screen in Season 4, but there's one moment the show wouldn't dare cut. Slight spoiler alert — you can definitely expect two special Frasers to finally meet. And yes, there will almost definitely be tears, so prepare accordingly.
Just as the future always seems hazy for the Fraser family, the path forward for Outlander is still unclear. However, Moore's optimism about a Season 5 renewal is definitely worth celebrating. Even though fans have Season 4 to look forward to later in 2018, the threat of Droughtlander is always looming, and any reassurance that Jamie and Claire will continue to make the audience swoon for at least another year to come is worth raising a glass of whisky to, in true Scottish fashion.
Wipro will offer its automation solutions to companies which are in discrete manufacturing or firms that make individual items or those firms which make cars, airplanes, furniture and smartphones.
Bengaluru: Wipro Infrastructure Engineering, a business division of Wipro Enterprises Ltd, the privately held business by billionaire Azim Premji, has set up a new business division, called automation solutions, under which it will boost productivity of manufacturing companies in India, the Middle East and Africa by making up industrial robots in their facilities.
Wipro Infrastructure Engineering was demerged from parent Wipro Ltd, the listed information technology (IT) outsourcing arm in 2013, and along with Wipro's consumer care business clubbed under Wipro Enterprises.
Wipro Infrastructure Engineering does not share its financials but is estimated to be a $400 million business division, offering solutions across four areas, including in hydraulic products, aerospace and defence, water treatment and additive manufacturing or 3D printing.
The Bengaluru-based company expects automation solutions to become at least a $100 million business division by March 2020, according to a senior executive.
“Initially, in the next 24 months, we will leverage our strength and offer solutions to tier-I and tier-II auto companies in India and then we will take these solutions to other countries in Asia and Middle East,” said Pratik Kumar, chief executive officer, Wipro Infrastructure Engineering.
Put simply, Wipro Infrastructure Engineering wants to play a role of system integrator by implementing and managing industrial robotics manufacturers like Japanese robot maker Fanuc Corp or a German robot maker Kuka and make these robots work with humans and other non-robotic gear in a factory floor, such as cranes and conveyor belts.
Wipro will offer its automation solutions to companies which are in discrete manufacturing or firms that make individual items or those firms which make cars, airplanes, furniture and smartphones.
Globally, Swiss engineering giant ABB and American conglomerate GE have emerged as large system integrators even though India remains a relatively underpenetrated market.
Wipro estimates that the addressable market for system integrators for automation solutions in discrete manufacturing in India to be a $400-$450 million, which has grown over 17% annually over the last few years.
“The government's push towards Make In India Initiative, to my mind, will not happen only by setting up new factories or establishments. I believe it will also happen by making existing factories and assets more productive. And we believe with automation tools, manufacturing companies can get 25-30% productivity improvement,” said Kumar, who joined Wipro in 1991.
“Let me say that I'll be disappointed if we cannot become a $100 million business in this space in the next 18-24 months,” said Kumar.
“Wipro is seeing a massive increase in demand for the production of new age industrial robots for automotive engineering. I see this as a logical move to keep WIN (Wipro Infrastructure Engineering) outside of Wipro mothership, as that company battles the headwinds of very tough competition and price erosion in certain IT services,” said Phil Fersht, chief executive officer (CEO) of US-based HfS Research, an outsourcing-research firm. “But there is a dire need to bring the two areas together in a smart way as tech is proving the real differentiator in the car business—so how Premji managing the cross-pollination of resources and innovations between WIN and traditional Wipro will be critical.”
Kumar, who was the HR head at the IT firm before becoming the CEO of Wipro Infrastructure Engineering in 2014, admits that his firm's latest foray will work with engineers at the listed IT company.
For now, automation solutions has a team of 20 people and is headed by G. Sundararaman, who before joining Wipro worked at British construction equipment maker JCB and at the two-wheeler brand, Royal Enfield, owned by Eicher Motors Ltd.
Today's Forecast
A line of strong thunderstorms will blow through very early on Tuesday morning. But it'll all wind down by the morning commute. It'll be quite the rest of the week.
Anna M. Skonieczki, 86, of Milford, co-owner of the Rainbow Restaurant, wife of Edward A. Skonieczki, died April 15.
Born on March 11, 1931, in Nanticoke, Pa., daughter of the late Mary and Thomas Conti.
Besides her husband, she is survived by three children, Edward (Sandra) Skonieczki, Lynn (Bob) Dulin and Lisa Shackett, seven granddaughters, a grandson, and four great-granddaughters.
Also predeceased by brothers, Anthony, Daniel, Nicholas and Lawrence Conti and sister, Rose Bialko.
Calling hours: Friday, April 21, 4-8 p.m., Cody-White Funeral Home, 107 N. Broad St., Milford. A prayer service will be conducted on Friday, April 21, at 7:30 p.m., at the funeral home.
If you owned a Playstation 3 after it was unveiled nearly 12 years ago, you could be owed $65.
PCMag.com reports that the original PS3 console – or the ‘phat' PS3 – was heavy and bulky and had the ability to install an alternative operating system. When a smaller model was released, that operating system functionality was removed due to security concerns.
A class action lawsuit was then filed until a settlement was reached in 2016. That settlement allows owners of the larger PS3 console to claim $65.
Those claims must be filed by April 15. Those who plan to file a claim must have purchased the console from an “authorized retailer” and include their PSN username and PS3 serial number.
The offer is limited to 20GB, 40GB, 60GB and 80GB models.
For the claim form, click here.
For more on this story, click here.
"This is an extreme competition," said Ripley of the event which began at 9 a.m. and finished the next day at noon.
"The first 12 hours is quite easy. You're all awake and fresh. At the 26th hour, you also have to like each other. You just have to push through the exhaustion."
Carbs, coffee and candy helped with that.
So did omelettes for the Canadian team — with members from Burnaby to Montreal — as the deadline crunch crept closer for them and other teams from the U.S., Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, Italy, Russia and France.
"Two minutes to spare," Ripley said of their finish.
But where did they place, two years after taking fifth in a smaller sculpture category in New Orleans? Out of the top three, is all they knew on Monday. They snagged some technical achievement honours, but Taiwan had won the large sculpture prize of $1,000 U.S and $800 in balloons.
The winning "Tiger Man" had artistic teeth. "A breathtaking piece," Ripley said.
Luckily, no breath was required to inflate those 30,000 balloons.
"I think if we physically blew up the balloons, we'd all be dead after four hours," he said.
jhicks@therecord.com
jhicks@therecord.com
There is an abundance of dog breeds making this world beautiful. And while all breeds are deserving of loving homes, a single person can't properly take care of 300-plus dogs on their own. Even if you feel like you're up to that challenge. How do you find the perfect breed for you? Look to the stars: You can discover the best dog breed for you based on your zodiac sign.
There's a lot that astrology can map out in terms of our personalities. Each of the 12 signs have their own unique traits assigned to them. Where Gemini is regarded as being sociable, Sagittarius is renowned for their spirit of adventure. And thankfully, there's a type of dog perfect for both of those things.
According to the American Kennel Club, there are seven dog breed groups, including Sporting, Hounds, Working, Terriers, Toys, Non-Sporting and Herding. With all that versatility, there is certainly a match for your sign. There's a dog to cuddle on the couch with, a dog to hike with, a dog who prefers belly rubs over chores on the farm. Which, let's be real, is also true about people. Every dog has their own personality and every breed has their own signature traits. Pair up with your preferable pooch and make a fido friend for life.
Aries Giphy Aries are boasted to be the leaders of the zodiac. You're independent and intelligent so you'd probably prefer a doggo who can quickly learn how to roll over and literally jump through hoops. A German Shepard will probably be your best friend. The breed oozes energy but also intelligence so you'll have a whole trick routine worked out in no time.
Taurus Giphy Ah, beauty is a value for Taurus. But don't get me wrong. That doesn't mean Taurus is shallow. You simply appreciate an ~aesthetic~. And you go much deeper than the surface. Underneath you're all about reliability. A pal who will be there for you, hand in paw, is the great big Bernese Mountain Dog. Not only is this breed so beautiful people will stop you on the street to mention it, with their unique markings and silky black coat, they're also a reliable support system. Though large, Berners would rather sit in your lap. If you need a hug or a "high five" your Berner bestie will be by your side to take care of all that.
Gemini Giphy A Gemini would love to be in three places at once, talking to all of the people, all of the time. Unfortunately, science hasn't been able to make this possible just yet. With all that sociable energy, it's a good idea to have a dog to pal around with. The Pembroke Welsh Corgi is an energetic herding dog that loves to engage in social activity. Why do you think you see so many on Instagram?
Cancer Giphy Cancer is represented by the crab, but you don't need to call a crab a pet. Though you do relate to that whole retreating into your shell thing. Because of that Basset Hounds would make perfect best friends. They understand the beauty of a ~short~ walk and then the luxury of comfort the familiarity of home provides.
Leo Giphy Leo doesn't shy from the spotlight and unless you've been hiding under a rock since forever neither does a Golden Retriever. Air Bud, anyone? We all know and love a Golden Retriever just as we all probably know and love a Leo. Both have warm personalities and at the end of the day just want to show love and be loved.
Virgo Giphy A Border Collie is an energetic little — well, medium sized — doggo who can be the perfect friend for the methodical Virgo. Think of all the agility course fun you two could have!
Libra Giphy The American Kennel Club describes Greyhounds existence, saying, "For thousands of years these graceful hounds have been an object of fascination for artists, poets, and kings" Libra loves a dose of justice and balance and Greyhounds, with their sweet temper and independent spirit, certainly serve that up.
Scorpio Giphy Let's be real here, if you're a Scorpio you know you can be a little ~feisty~ and there's nothing wrong with that. You just need a dog who you can see that sass reflected in. The Border Terrier is affectionate and happy but can also deliver quite the personality that Scorpios will appreciate.
Sagittarius Giphy It's no secret that Sagittarius is always leading a group of hikers up a mountain. You're a traveler, an adventurer and adventure is sometimes better with a bud. A furry one. The Australian Shepherd is all about that adventurous spirit and has the energy to show it. You'll practically be chasing each other up mountains and across beaches.
Capricorn Giphy A working breed dog for the hardest worker of the zodiac. The St. Bernard was bred to help with rescue efforts so it's no wonder that these giants are gentle. They'll be your best friend, at your side waiting for you to finish up work and then have all the energy to play some fetch. Which is perfect because you totally can use to blow off steam.
Aquarius Giphy The best breed to have by your side as you save all of humanity would be the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel. The breed is described as "affectionate, gentle, graceful" which really, is basically you. It's your twin in dog form.
Anant Goel, co-founder and CEO, Milkbasket
Superior and seamless customer experience has been Milkbasket's foundation. Beginning with the milk-run model, our mission was to make everyday grocery buying as ubiquitous as electricity.
In 2015, soon after we started receiving great response from our customers, we decided to upgrade our offerings with other grocery items.
While brainstorming on better services, one of my co-founders, Yatish, pointed out that it was very arduous to place an order on an e-commerce website, and usually involves 6-7 steps, especially for groceries.
As it was, ordering, checking out, picking up a slot and processing payments were painful.
Selling grocery online had also had its own challenges. However, we had wanted Milkbasket to make everyday buying just as easy as calling someone.
We then had our one-click moment. One tap ordering was conceptualized to eliminate numerous steps from the grocery ordering process. The customer could just select the items, and get them delivered on time.
No checkout or payment processing. Payments were made from a prepaid wallet.
It took us nearly 30 days to develop the right processes in managing cancellations, alterations in the order, and other customer requests, and integrate it in our app.
Throughout that journey, all the founders were extremely committed to provide superior customer experience, and were unwilling to compromise on that.
One-tap buying is our key differentiator. Over the past three years, the number of households we reach has grown to 63,000, and we have delivered over 3 million orders, achieving a fulfilment rate of 99.7%.
NATIONAL
Yonhap
South Korea's controversial anti-corruption law that cut deep into the country's time-honored gift-giving tradition is set to get watered down, about 15 months after taking effect.The Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission on Monday approved a revision proposal for the enforcement ordinance of the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act to change price ceilings on the value of gifts, free meals and condolence or congratulatory money that public servants and others can receive.The revision aims to double the price limit on gifts to 100,000 won ($91) for agricultural, livestock and fishery goods, while lowering the ceiling on gift money on occasions like weddings and funerals to 50,000 won from the current 100,000 won.The amendment, which requires a final endorsement by the Cabinet, comes after the local agricultural and fishery industries protested strongly, claiming to have suffered a large decrease in sales after the law's effectuation. Public complaints continued that the tough rules negatively impacted some industries, as the caps were set too low without considering market prices.This is the second time the commission tried to water down the rules. Last month, an almost identical revision proposal was voted down by its top-decision making committee.Under the new proposal, civil servants, journalists, teachers and their spouses are banned from receiving gifts worth more than 50,000 won and congratulatory or condolence money of more than 50,000 won.Often referred to as the Kim Young-ran Act, the law took effect in September 2016 with an enforcement ordinance banning some 4 million South Koreans from accepting meals, gifts and money worth more than 30,000 won, 50,000 won, and 100,000 won, respectively.By Kim Da-sol (ddd@heraldcorp.com)
0
Rebecca Yellin is a nutrition and food science major with a concentration in dietetics. She believes that there is a disconnect between food and health, and as an
aspiring registered dietitian, she hopes to bridge this gap. She is qualified to share nutrition information as a nutrition student, as she is constantly searching for sound sources to improve her knowledge of nutrition to help guide others.
As the weather gets warmer, we all flock to our favorite summer indulgence: ice cream. Respected as a treat, ice cream is high in calories, fat and sugar. Healthy has never been analogous to the word ice cream. Could this be changing?
Grocery stores are making shelf room for a new generation of dessert. A high protein, high fiber, low carbohydrate, sugar and fat ice cream. Brands such as Halo Top range from 240 to 360 calories and 20 grams of protein per pint, and Enlightened ranges from 240 to 400 calories and 24 grams of protein per pint.
The appeal is strong. Trust me, I know. But are the ingredients in these new wave “high protein, low sugar” ice creams actually healthier than their traditional high calorie, sugar and fat counterparts?
If you remember from my last article, reading the ingredient list is integral to ensuring intake of quality ingredients. Ice cream brands, such as Halo Top and Enlightened, do not contain high-fructose corn syrup, hydrogenated oils, trans fats, or artificial sweeteners.
That's great! Instead, these ice creams share similar ingredients, such as milk protein isolate, monk fruit extract, erythritol, stevia, non-GMO soluble corn fiber or prebiotic fiber, carob gum or guar gum. Let's take a look at some of these less familiar ingredients to break knowledge deficit barriers.
Monk fruit extract, or Luo Han Guo, is a zero calorie nonnutritive sweetener. Mogrosides, extracted form the fruit, are antioxidants that happen to be sweet.
Embedded in ancient Chinese medicine, monk fruit was approved in 2014 by the U.S. FDA as a GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe) food additive. It is 100 to 250 times sweeter than sucrose, our benchmark for sweetness. Consuming monk fruit does not impact blood sugar levels negatively, whereas a regular high sugar ice cream would. Governments in the U.S., Canada, China, Japan and Singapore have all concluded that monk fruit sweeteners are safe for the general population.
Erythritol is a sugar alcohol made from grapes, melons or pears. It provides fewer calories than sugar because your body does not completely absorb it. That being said, eating too much can lead to abdominal gas or diarrhea. On the plus side, erythritol does not spike blood sugar. Erythritol was also designated by the FDA in 2001 as a GRAS food additive and is also approved in other countries.
Non-GMO (genetically modified organism) soluble corn fiber is a prebiotic. Interestingly, non-GMO soluble corn fiber may actually help the body utilize calcium in adolescence and post-menopausal women, according to studies published by the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition and the Journal of Nutrition. Non-GMO soluble corn fiber is commonly used in food products that have lower sugar content and provides a source of fiber.
Using ingredients, such as the ones discussed above, allow similar taste and texture to regular ice cream without the use of mass amounts of cane sugar, full-fat milk and cream, and trans fats. Research has not shown negative health outcomes from any of the ingredients, but as with every thing in life, moderation is key.
If you eat the entire container of one of these “healthy” ice creams, you may be taking in more calories than you would for a standard half cup serving of a traditional ice cream. In fact, the traditional ice cream might serve itself more satiating, if you can hold yourself accountable to consuming one serving. If not, a “healthy” ice cream may be your best bet, as you will consume less calories, fat, sugar, and no trans fats.
Just remember that these items are still highly processed. The less processed food items you consume by replacing them with whole foods, the greater health outcomes you may experience. As well, some of these ingredients are only recently being researched. As studies continue, be on the lookout to remain aware and informed.
Toronto's own Drake and fellow rapper Future are being sued by a woman who said she was raped after a concert in Nashville a year ago where the two artists performed, reports TMZ.
The woman is suing the rappers for $25 million U.S. She alleges that a man associated with the Bridgestone Arena told her at the time of Drake and Future's concert there, a year ago, he could take her backstage to meet the rappers; instead, she was attacked.
The plaintiff in the lawsuit alleges that the artists, as well as the venue and others, should have known that her alleged attacker posed a danger, TMZ says.
Leavy Johnson, 38, was arrested and charged with rape; he is awaiting trial. Local media in Nashville report previously outstanding warrants for Johnson including one for assault.
After The Release Of The Secret FISA Memo, Roger Stone Gives His Analysis Video – InfoWars
Roger Stone joins Alex Jones live via Skype to give his analysis of President Trump's triumphant choice to finally release the notorious secret FISA Memo circling the news cycles for weeks.
Video Source
Sharing is caring!
ENTERTAINMENT
“Guardian: The Great and Lonely God” (tvN)
“Signal” (tvN)
With each passing year, Korean TV dramas are creating bigger ripples around the globe.In 2014, “My Love From the Star,” featuring Kim Soo-hyun as a charming extraterrestrial and Jun Ji-hyun as a loveable actress, caused a sensation throughout Asia. In 2016, military romance “Descendants of the Sun,” starring Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo, swept fans in the region off their feet.Earlier this year, “Guardian: The Lonely and Great God” propelled its lead Gong Yoo to global fame, despite a de facto ban in China on entertainment from Korea.The Korea Herald asked experts for their forecasts for the K-drama industry in the coming years. The consensus is that the scale of production will inevitably become larger and storylines more diverse.In terms of content, K-dramas originally rose to fame for their detailed descriptions of family life and ideal love stories. Though topics are becoming increasingly diverse, experts predict these staples will remain fixtures of K-drama in the years to come.“Even if family structures are changing these days, the fantasy that family dramas offer will not wane,” said culture critic Jung Deok-hyun. “It's like how we thirst for the analog as we evolve deeper into the digital age.”The family dramas to come in the future will, however, have to accommodate the changes in the average Korean household, Jung added.Currently, TV dramas boasting the highest ratings in Korea continue to be weekend series aimed at middle-aged and elderly women, such as “My Father Is Strange” (27.9 percent) and “Band of Sisters” (17.6 percent), which focus on the dynamics of marriage and multigenerational households.Outside of Korea, romantic comedies such as “The Heirs” (2013), featuring billionaire high schoolers' entangled love lives, continue to draw in the bulk of younger viewers in their 20s and below.“Viewers are becoming more sophisticated,” said Park Hyun, CEO of global K-drama streaming site DramaFever. “The younger viewers who were with us nine years ago have now aged. They're savvy about Korean culture and access information quickly.”The streaming site, acquired by Warner Bros. last year, was the sole global platform to stream “Guardian: The Lonely and Great God.”Though the show is darker than a typical romantic comedy, intricately mixing drama and fantasy, it drew in fans.“It became our most-watched and re-watched Korean series,” Park said.Several recent K-dramas have been genre series, such as gripping investigative thrillers and time-traveling science-fiction.Thrillers such as “Signal,” “Tunnel” and most recently, “Stranger” have received rave reviews among viewers and critics alike.“‘Stranger' is the most outstanding result that inherits only the best of the Korean genre drama, which has undergone a long trial and error period,” drama critic and TV personality Heo Ji-woong wrote in a column this month, citing the history of past acclaimed genre dramas such as “Sign” (2011) and “Nine: Nine Time Travels” (2013).Starring Bae Doo-na and Jo Seung-woo, “Stranger” tells a well-constructed story of an unfeeling prosecutor and passionate police investigator.Heo went on to comment that the subtle tonal balance the drama achieves is “almost like a performance.”“It is not predictable, but it also appeals to the general public.”The show was the debut work of scriptwriter Lee Soo-yeon, spotlighted as a promising talent.The Korean brand of genre dramas is beginning to be recognized abroad as well. Scriptwriter Kim Eun-hee, who penned “Signal,” is writing a new drama series called “Kingdom,” to be produced by global streaming giant Netflix.Based on webtoon series “Land of the Gods,” “Kingdom” will combine a Joseon era setting and modern concept of zombies. The series is to be helmed by director Kim Sung-hoon (“Tunnel,” 2016).The boundaries between film and drama are increasingly becoming blurred in Korea, reflecting global trends.TvN series “Criminal Minds,” a remake of the American police procedural crime drama of the same name, kicked off last month with film director Yang Yoon-ho at the helm.Other filmmakers such as Jang Hang-joon, Hwang Ji-seung and Kwak Kyung-taeg have also jumped into the TV landscape in the last several years.“There is a demand for more epic, film-like scenes in Korean dramas,” said Jung Tae-won, CEO of Taewon Entertainment and a producer of “Criminal Minds.”In 2014, film distributor Next Entertainment World participated in the production of “Descendants of the Sun.”“Overseas shooting know-how and making scenes on a larger, film-like scale created synergy,” a KBS official said.As K-dramas evolve in both cinematography and audience reach, viewers are thirsting for greater spectacles and higher quality scenes, experts say.By Rumy Doo ( doo@heraldcorp.com
TECH SAVVY: Grey nomads are now looking for better communication systems when heading bush.
TECH SAVVY: Grey nomads are now looking for better communication systems when heading bush.
POOR internet and mobile phone coverage in regional areas is proving a turn-off not only for grey nomads in caravans and RV's but tech savvy families on camping holidays.
Caravan Industry Association of Australia chair Grant Wilckens said private companies are investing significantly in regional playgrounds, waterparks and cabins but this needs to be matched by public spending on infrastructure.
"Regional areas have the poorest access to internet, mobile phone coverage and the worst roads," he said.
"Businesses have to contend with very high power and water costs.
"The NBN promised much but has yet to deliver in many cases, leaving regional businesses to install their own telecommunications networks at a considerable cost."
He said while the Federal Budget allocated $24.5 billion over 10 years for regional roads, rail and bridges, calls for greater connectivity remain unanswered.
The caravan and camping industry is now worth $20 billion to the Australian economy.
Australian Trade and Investment Commission research shows growing demand for Australia's distinctive experiences in regional areas, with 63 per cent of domestic overnight visitors and 36 per cent of international visitors travelling beyond cities in the 2017 financial year.
"Caravanning and camping is big business in regional areas, providing employment and a considerable injection of cash into the local economy.
"If we are to truly meet the needs of travellers we'll need to harness internet technology that enables them to translate and truly experience regional areas.
"This is particularly important to meet the needs of Chinese travellers, a valuable segment which spends considerably more per day than other tourists.
"Many of them rely on their smart phones to translate so it makes sense they have access to WiFi services when they are travelling.
"Regional tourism businesses are keen to invest in innovative digital technologies to enhance the customer experience but what's the point if there is poor connectivity and visitors are too nervous to travel on the roads."
A recent Ipsos poll, commissioned by Emergency Management BC, shows Interior and Northern BC residents are most concerned about wildfires and floods when it comes to hazards. In the North, wildfires are most worrisome to 77% of residents who answered the survey.
Preparing an emergency kit is recommended despite just four in 10 British Columbians reporting they have one in their and only three in 10 have a kit at work or home.
Prince George Fire Centre Communications Specialist Amanda Reynolds lists items that should be put in an emergency kit.
“Water for each person, making sure you have a change of clothes, a flashlight and extra batteries, first aid kit, a personal identification card, personal hygiene items, any important documents,” she says.
“If you do have a pet, make sure that your kit has some pet food and supplies.”
In terms of an emergency plan, 54% of respondents say they have drawn one up but only 13% have finished it. Reynolds says they would like to see more people complete one.
“Any form of hazard brings its risks and people are on an elevated state, and just having that preparedness plan helps people organize so when they are ready to leave they know that they've ensured all their important documents and that they are ready to leave if, and when, because it could come really fast.”
The provincial government has any available information needed as wildfire season approaches including fire bans and restrictions, open fire regulations, and wildfire prevention.
Wildfire season begins April 1st.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United
Manchester United fear Marouane Fellaini has suffered knee ligament damage again
Manchester United are worried that Marouane Fellaini has suffered knee ligament damage for the third time in four months.
Fellaini lasted just seven minutes as a substitute during Wednesday night's 2-0 defeat to Tottenham.
The Belgian international later hobbled out of Wembley, reports the Manchester Evening News, confirming he had damaged his knee again.
(Image: REUTERS)
Position impossible? Manchester United's Paul Pogba looks an £89million liability in new more defensive role
If it is confirmed as another medial ligament injury United's medical staff will have to assess if the persistent problem requires surgery.
Jose Mourinho is facing a major headache over how to get the best out of Manchester United's record signing Paul Pogba, writes David McDonnell.
Pogba's withdrawal just after the hour mark in United's 2-0 defeat away to Tottenham on Wednesday has shone a light on the contentious issue of where the £89million midfielder is best deployed.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Moments before being hooked, Pogba was involved in a heated exchange with Mourinho over his perceived inability to follow the tactical instructions he had been given.
By the time Pogba was subbed, the damage had been done and there was no way back for United from a defeat that breathes fresh life into the battle over who will join Manchester City in the final top four.
Full story here
As of Wednesday afternoon, more female Senate candidates are running in 2018 than in any previous election cycle. According to the Associated Press, 41 women have qualified to run for the Senate in the November election, beating the previous all-time high of 40 female candidates that ran in 2016. The 2018 roster of candidates officially broke the record on Wednesday, when Leah Vukmir, a Wisconsin state senator, filed paperwork to run against incumbent Sen. Tammy Baldwin, according to AP.
It's not just the Senate, either: Vox reported in April that more women — 309, to be exact — are running for the House of Representatives in 2018 than in any previous cycle.
Although there's probably no single explanation for the rise in female congressional candidates, it's been suggested that Donald Trump's victory in the 2016 election — and, just as importantly, Hillary Clinton's loss — is largely responsible for the surge in interest. EMILY's List, an organization dedicated to electing pro-choice women to office, told the Washington Post that it was approached by 900 women in 2015 and 2016 about possibly running for office; in the year after Trump's election, however, over 26,000 potential female candidates reached out to the organization, according to TIME.
“The thousands of women who have reached out to EMILY's List since the election are a testament to the energy, determination, and resistance we've seen from Day One of Donald Trump's presidency," EMILY's List president Stephanie Schriock said in 2017. "For women, running for office is a direct response to the dangerous agenda pushed by a president and Republican Party determined to turn back the clock on women's progress."
Congress has long been dominated by men. According to U.S. government data, there have been a total of 1,971 U.S. senators since the Senate was founded, but only 52 of them — or less than three percent — have been women. Currently, 23 women serve in the Senate; 17 are Democrats, and six are Republicans. Although that's more than at any other point in U.S. history, the fact remains that women comprise less than 20 percent of Congress as a whole, despite making up more than half the U.S. population.
Nevertheless, research has shown that women, on average, are more effective lawmakers than men. According to several studies of recent U.S. congressional sessions, the average female lawmaker sponsors more bills, gets more legislation passed into law, and brings home more federal money to their home districts than their male counterparts.
Although more women are running for office now than ever before, that pool is dominated by Democratic candidates. Of the 440 women running for House seats, 332 are Democrats, the Center for American Women and Politics (CAWP) at Rutgers University found. And the majority of female Senate candidates are Democrats as well, although the gap is smaller.
This is a reflection of broader trends in the two parties. The number of Democratic women running for the House has been on the rise since the mid-1990s, CNN reported in April, but the number of female Republican candidates in each cycle has more or less stagnated since 1998. In every cycle since 1990, 60 or more female Democrats have run for Congress; the Republican Party, meanwhile, has never fielded 60 female candidates in one cycle. According to CNN, less than 10 percent of Republican lawmakers in Congress are women, while around one-third of Democrats are.
"The march toward gender equity in the Senate is inexorable," former Sen. Carol Moseley Braun, the first black woman elected to the Senate, told AP of the 2018 field of candidates. "It's a matter of attitude, and sends the message to young women they can do whatever they want or can.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Influential New York restaurateur Danny Meyer has had mixed success with his effort to increase workers pay by eliminating tipping and raising base prices at restaurants under his Union Square Hospitality Group. (Associated Press File)
Distribution of tips is a major issue among restaurant workers but there is a consensus that should continue to be protected by wage laws — tips belong to workers rather than to the restaurant.
Yet proposed regulations by the Department of Labor, ostensibly to improve compensation for restaurant workers who receive only hourly wages, in effect would give restaurants control of tip revenue to use as they wish.
Especially at high-end restaurants, servers, bartenders and other “front-of-house” staff receive relatively low hourly wages and are compensated mostly through tip revenue. Cooks and other “back-of-house” staff typically receive higher hourly wages but often do not share tip revenue, meaning that they usually earn substantially less than the front-of-house staff.
Those disparities are an age-old problem in the industry. They drive turnover and create turmoil in the workplace.
Some staffs share tips across the workforce, some don't.
Influential New York restaurateur Danny Meyer calls the restaurant tip economy a “hoax on the culture” that enables restaurants to significantly underpay workers. His Union Square Hospitality Group has eliminated tipping at its restaurants in favor of higher base prices, to mixed results regarding customer and employee satisfaction.
The Labor Department's proposed rule would require restaurants to pool tips, but it does not mandate that tip revenue belongs to workers. In effect, restaurants could use the pooled tips for any purpose, rather than to simply increase pay for back-of-house workers.
There is no easy solution because, as in any wage system, an increase in one area likely comes at the expense of a decrease somewhere else. But any new regulation should begin with the guarantee that tip revenue belongs to workers.
The unveiling which took place at the Airport Square in Accra witnessed scores of industry players. Mmusicians came in their numbers to support the one-time Highlife Artistes of the Year at the 2017 VGMA.
The 32-year-old singer known for his hit banger back-to-back [Mansa and Brother Brother] launched his fifteen album tracks with other great collabos on the album.
These artistes featured on the album include Sarkodie, Patoranking, Kumi Guitar, Yaa Yaa, Mayorkun from Mic Flammes, Reekado Banks, Zambia Oc Osilliation and Cameroon art Stanley Enow.
Songs on the album include BRA, 1924, "FAKYE", "DOMI BI", "BIE WUENI" Ft. Kumi Guitar & Akwaboah among other great songs.
When asked why he featured musicians from other African countries such as Cameroon, Zambia, and Nigeria, Bisa Kdei said, "it's been two years now since I released an album as a musician when booked for shows, you see lots of artistes who admires our Ghanaian genre of music dubbed ‘Highlife' and it was important for me to connect with these great talents to aid me released my third album".
The Mansa hitmaker continued that: "as Ghanaians, we must come together to push highlife as a genre more.
Bisa on his album cover thanked his fans for staying KONNECTED to his creativity.
Kente photos from Bisa Kdei's album launch showing Ghana's rich culture
primenewsghana.com/entertainment.html
Odds are Shapovalov would otherwise spend his time recovering from a lights-out performance at Uniprix Stadium, catching zzzz. Even during his match-after-match-after-match-after-match joy ride last week, the kid had no problem falling asleep. Teens excel at sleeping.
“He hasn't seen it,” Shapovalov explained. “He has the same haircut as Will and he hasn't seen the show.”
That would be bro pal Felix Auger-Aliassime, another member of Canada's audacious tennis prospects posse, even younger than 18-year-old Shapovalov, and his host during the tournament. Underagers, which was why there was no bar cruising along Crescent Street on tap. Though binge-watching a Will Smith sitcom from the '90s seems particularly nerdish.
After his barrelhouse ride to the semifinal of the Rogers Cup was over, teenager Denis Shapovalov had modest plans for how to celebrate a thrilling week in Montreal.
The loss in Montreal cost Federer a secure grasp on No. 2, heading into Flushing Meadows at the end of the month. Zverev nudged up one spot to No. 7. Andy Murray remains on top, precariously, followed by Nadal, who's certain to attain No. 1 status next Monday. Milos Raonic remained No. 10.
Ultra cool for a fledgling in just his first full year on the pro circuit. He began 2016 ranked No. 1,132. Began 2017 at No. 250. Began last week at No. 143. Came this close to facing Roger Federer in the Rogers Cup final before the stardust evaporated. Taking out top-seed Rafael Nadal and former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro in electrifying three-setters. Beaten only by Alexander Zverev, who then did the same thing to Federer with astonishing ease to claim a second consecutive Masters 1000 — first player outside the Big Four to win multiple Masters 1000 titles in the same season since David Nalbandian a decade ago — whilst hoisting his fifth trophy of the year.
But when he woke up Monday morning, Shapovalov would have discovered himself formally at No. 67 in the new ATP rankings, soaring 76 spots, earning him Move of the Week chops.
But the biggest splash belonged to the teenager from Richmond Hill, concurrent with the announcement that fatigue — understandable, following nine hours on the Montreal court — would cause him to withdraw from the $100,000 Odum Brown Open Challenger in Vancouver this week. Indeed, Shapovalov's lower-tier Challenger days might be quickly disappearing into the rearview mirror.
Breaking into the top 100 means Shapovalov will qualify to enter more events on the ATP World Tour circuit, which equates to bigger prize money and more ranking points.
A heady time for the young lefty, now in the thick of things for the inaugural Next Gen Summit in Milan in November.
“It's a huge jump,” Shapovalov said following his semi loss, still agog by it all and $220,780 richer — eclipsing his career earnings of $197,661. “My whole life has changed in the past five days. It's crazy how it is. I go from being not known to being so known in the tennis world, in Canada in general. I'm going to have to adapt. But it doesn't change things. Still have to work really hard. Yeah, just keep working hard every day.”
He won't necessarily be waving goodbye to the Challenger series. Those are looser points on the table, if he picks his spots carefully. Shapovalov claims the elite ATP Tour events might actually be less stressful. “It's going to be easier with the ATPs because most of the time, like this week, I'm the underdog. It's always easier to play up.”
If he qualifies for the U.S. Open, Shapovalov could rack up more points and improve his ranking, with no points to defend until mid-January.
Really, he's living the dream and putting tennis back in the spotlight nationally.
“It's quite a change going from just being a junior coming up, to kind of now people consider that I've made the transition,” said Shapovalov, who won the Wimbledon junior title last year. “Now it's more about stabilizing myself and, yeah, keep advancing.”
While it's tempting to imagine glory days ahead, Canadian fans should refrain from putting too much pressure on a player who's still just a teenager. The weight of grandiose expectations has clearly caused misery for a free-falling Genie Bouchard, who ranked as high as No. 5 in 2014, now plummeting to No. 70. At the women's Rogers Cup in Toronto last week, Bouchard — bounced in the first round — was asked about Bianca Andreescu, the 17-year-old from Mississauga who advanced to the quarter-finals at the Citi Open in Washington earlier this month. “Someone else can carry the burden of Canada.”
Shapovalov seems to have the temperament to deal with all this buzz. But so did Bouchard in her Grand Slam-bang season.
“I'm personally very lucky because I come from a very humble family that went through a pretty tough life,” said Shapovalov, referring to his parents emigrating from the Soviet Union to Israel (where he was born, in Tel Aviv) to Canada. “Not terrible life, but they had to work for a living and stuff. I have two parents that are always going to keep me grounded. My brother is going to do the same. No matter who I play against, he's always on top of me just making sure I don't get too big.
“It's a bit of a change for all of us, but we'll get through it together.”
A home on Billionaire's Beach in Malibu, California, sold for $110 million — the most expensive home sale in Los Angeles County history.
The cofounder of the Hard Rock Cafe chain sold the beachfront property to a natural gas billionaire.
Billionaire's Beach is home to several notable residents, including Oracle cofounder Larry Ellison.
Peter Morton, cofounder of the Hard Rock Cafe chain, just set a new, mind-boggling record for Los Angeles real estate.
The restaurateur sold his beachfront Malibu, California, home to natural gas billionaire Michael S. Smith and his wife, for $110 million, or about $15,860 per square foot. It's officially the most expensive home sale in Los Angeles County history according to the Los Angeles Times, which says the deal is expected to close Tuesday.
The 6,934-square foot mansion sits on the shores of Carbon Beach, a 1.5-mile stretch of sand between the iconic Pacific Coast Highway and the glistening Pacific Ocean nicknamed "Billionaire's Beach" as an homage to the ultra-wealthy residents who call it home.
Up until mid-2015, the beach was largely closed off to the public. But after a decades-long, complicated legal battle between the state and homeowners, its 70-plus residences share their backyard with tourists and beachgoers from sun up to sun down.
play The $110 million home is sandwiched between two of Larry Ellison's properties. (Google Maps)
Malibu's previous record sale took place in 2017 when David Geffen, the billionaire founder of Asylum Records and Geffen Records and cofounder of DreamWorks, sold his Carbon Beach compound to Los Angeles Dodgers owner and Guggenheim Partners CEO Mark Walter for $85 million.
The $110 million compound comes with a notable neighbor. Oracle founder Larry Ellison owns the homes on either side, just two of the 10 properties he reportedly owns on Carbon Beach.
Take a tour of Billionaire's Beach »
The $110 million sale is only for the structure — none of the high-end furniture or Morton's expensive artwork collection is included. Set on an estimated two-thirds of an acre, the property contains two separate buildings: A main residence with four en suite bedrooms and a two-story guest house with another three en suite bedrooms. There's also a lap pool and courtyard on the property. Operable teak wood shutters surround the exterior, in addition to bronze and concrete finishes.
play Billionaire's Beach is the richest stretch of sand in the world. (Tanza Loudenback/Business Insider)
Not much else is known about the home's interiors or amenities, as the deal was completed off-market between Branden and Rayni Williams of Williams & Williams Estates at Hilton & Hyland and Barry Peele of Sotheby's International Realty.
Morton has reportedly owned the land on Carbon Beach since the 1990s. The home was designed by architect Richard Meier and completed in 2006, the same year Morton sold the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas for $770 million. A decade earlier he sold his shares in the Hard Rock Cafe for a profit of $300 million, according to the LA Times.
This isn't the first time Moron's real estate dealings have made headlines. In late 2012, he bought Elvis Presley's old Beverly Hills mansion for $9.8 million and renovated it before selling it off-market just one year later for $14.5 million.
The gay co-creator and co-star of the camptastic Netflix comedy ‘Schitt's Creek' on love, humor and family
If you ever happen to bump into Dan Levy, thank him for Schitt's Creek, his super-bingeable comedic riff on a once-affluent family forced to live like fish out of Perrier in the podunk Canadian town the show is named after. And thank him, he who created and developed the series — which premiered in 2015 on Pop TV (and can also be seen on Netflix) — for willfully remaining single only to craft and deliver more rib-tickling bons mots for the show's fourth (and most affectionate) season, which is out now. Thank him again, while you're at it, because the 34-year-old former MTV Canada co-host has somehow found the time to create yet another queer-themed project that he tells me is in the works.
But let's not get ahead of ourselves. For now, we have David Rose (Levy), replete with his color-averse apparel and drop-crotch pants, general distaste for people, and his animated and generally disgusted facial contortions worn like memes in the making. Johnny, David's perpetually on-edge father, is played by real-life father and American Pie and Best in Show actor Eugene Levy, who also serves as the comedy's co-creator. Together they've developed both a comedic knockout and a rich what-if satire of Kardashian life. Schitt's Creek also stars Catherine O'Hara, as the deliciously histrionic wig-loving family matriarch and former soap star Moira, and Annie Murphy as Alexis, the self-involved-but-somehow-sweet daughter who once argued with David over who would get murdered first in their sketchy new motel digs.
Via an allegorical wine conversation with hotel co-owner Stevie Budd (Emily Hampshire) presented in the show's first season, Schitt's Creek expertly tackled David's pansexuality (“I do drink red wine, but I also drink white wine; I like the wine, not the label”). Then there was a throuple, and now there's Patrick (Noah Reid), a yin-yang match so absolutely perfect for David — notice all the ways he challenges David, especially with the potential mortification of this season's open-mike night at the store they co-own together — you'd be heartbroken if they didn't last.
Read on as Levy freewheeled his way through our conversation about living vicariously through David and Patrick's loving relationship, opening the minds of parents with queer kids, and how David has influenced him to “to try to live my life more out loud.”
— Chris Azzopardi
Dallas Voice: As a gay man, how personally rewarding is it to you to have one of the healthiest, most normal relationships on the show be between two queer men?
Dan Levy: You know, all I really can do is think back to a time when I didn't think being myself was ever going to be a possibility. It's such a full circle moment for me right now to be writing this love story for them and to look back at it and just remember that there was a time in my life when I honestly didn't think that would be a possibility for myself. So, it's incredible. And to have the network support to really be able to tell the kinds of stories that I want to tell with it and not have any interference is rare and a privilege. When you have that kind of freedom, there's also a certain level of responsibility to try and tell the most authentic story you possibly can. I think with these two characters I didn't want to reduce it to caricature. I didn't want it to be some kind of lesson that we're trying to ram down someone's throat. It was really about presenting a story of two people who have found love with each other.
You've made very deliberate choices regarding the treatment of David's sexuality both as it relates to him but also as it relates to the other people in his life.
Personally, I never learn when someone is trying to teach me something. I learn through experience, and presenting complete tolerance and acceptance across the board is the only scenario that should be existing right now. I want to show this without trying to make it feel like an educational lesson for people who don't quite understand it.
The letters that I've gotten from families who are more conservative-leaning and who have never quite understood the fight — to have letters from these people explaining that they've never had a point of entry before, that was the most amazing and eye-opening part of this whole conversation. In a way, it opened my eyes to understanding them a little bit better and understanding that sometimes I look at it with, “How can I not see the bigotry?” But at the same time, if people do not know what they do not know, all you can try to do is guide them with a gentle hand.
You guided Larry King with a gentle hand last year when you were on Larry King Now to talk about the show. It was really interesting to watch the dynamic between you and Larry as you explained pansexuality to him — that must've opened up a lot of eyes who hadn't even heard the word “pansexual.”
It's about having conversations. We should have more of them. Talk to people instead of coming at things with bats swinging — and don't get me wrong, there are times when that is absolutely necessary. But I think when it comes to the world of sexuality, which is ever-changing, try to have a conversation with people and lead them down the path of acceptance by way of setting an example.
I've had great conversations with people on the streets who've come up and told me that when they came out of the closet their parents didn't quite understand them, but by watching the show and seeing how accepting Johnny and Moira Rose are to their kids — the fact that it was never a question — allows them to feel safer, allows them to feel like, “Oh, why am I having such a problem with it when these people who I've come to know and love are not asking the same questions that I'm asking? Why am I asking them then?” And it's changed the conversation in their house. You can't ask for a more rewarding takeaway from the experience.
Did you need characters like them when you were younger?
It's interesting, because it's still kind of an ongoing conversation on the show in terms of Patrick being fresh out of the closet and exploring what that means. There's fear on either side. And, yes, I grew up knowing that my parents ultimately would not have a problem with it, but when you're going through that and you're internalizing that much fear you get to a point where you ask yourself, “Well, maybe they will have a problem with it; maybe I'm misreading the situation.” There are so many questions that I think we're forced to ask ourselves because we're alone in that process.
Which show with queer themes did you gravitate toward most as you were coming into your own?
I guess it would be Will & Grace. I think Will & Grace really opened up the conversation. My So-Called Life affected me more just because I was such a huge fan of the show. I think we've come a long way, and there's still a long way to go, but all you can really do is seize the opportunities that are given to you and try and make good with the power that TV can offer.
I watched the sixth episode of the new season, “Open Mic,” and it was the first time that I ugly cried watching the show. In fact, until then, I hadn't cried listening to Tina Turner's “Simply the Best” either. When is the last time you serenaded a man?
Never! Because the intention is always to keep them! [That scene] all stems from a conversation I had with a friend of mine who was seeing someone who chose to sing to them and it really just disrupted the whole momentum of their relationship because, unlike Noah who has such a beautiful voice, this person did not, and it just didn't work out in the end. But I knew Noah could sing, and I knew he was a musician going into it, so it was always my intention to somehow find a way for him to sing.
You know, I don't love writing dialogue where people are talking about their feelings. I would much rather bring some fun, interesting and dynamic ways of showing that kind of feeling, and the idea that David would be so off-put and embarrassed by his partner choosing to sing in front of a room full of people — and then to know that Noah has this voice, and that in the end we could use this as a device to really cement them as a couple in ways that I don't think they even expected — was really special.
And I had always had this fondness for the lyrics for that song, and for a long time whenever it came on at a bar or something, I would always be the person turning to someone saying, “The lyrics to this song are really beautiful.” When you're listening to the Tina Turner version it's just a pop song and people are like, “Yeah, I know, it's fine,” and it's like, “No, no, no — the lyrics are really beautiful.” So, when we thought of this idea, it was the only option, this idea that Patrick would sort of tease David with a flashy pop song but make it his own.
What is so lovely about that scene is it really subverts stereotypes about small town small-mindedness — the townies are there, and they're celebrating Patrick and David's love for each other right along with them.
It was our intention from the get-go to never make the town the butt of the joke and to always make the family sort of the joke. We wanted the town to always be this safety net for these people, and for them to always feel safe there.
Well, it gave me lots of hope.
Oh, good! That's what we're aiming to do, to be just a bit of a safe place for people for 21 minutes and 50 seconds a week.
Where does the line between Dan Levy and David Rose start and end?
Uh, there's a big one! It's interesting. Yeah, I would kill for his confidence.
I'd kill for some of his style. Every time I watch him I'm like, “Clearly, I need more black and I need more flow.”
[Laughs] It's funny, ‘cause in promoting the show we talked to someone who was going through some of the outfits and it was sort of a “yea” or “nay” situation and it came upon the outfit that we wear when we're doing the number [in Episode 3, “Asbestos Fest”]. I'm in, like, black with a baby's breath sweater with matching pants and the person decided to “nay” the outfit, and I had to gently tell her that those pants were actually my own from home! Generally speaking, I wouldn't wear it with a matching top, but I did wear it at one point in my real life.
I think I've always been excited about fashion, so to be able to style the show with our costume designer really just scratches that itch for me. As a character, though, I don't think we're alike. I think some of our neuroses probably exist — the lack of patience [laughs] — but you know, it's funny, you start the first season of the show and these people are, on paper at least, really hard pills to swallow, and the intention of the show was to always make the takeaway “love doesn't cost any money” and these people will slowly start to realize that. My takeaway from David has been to try to live my life more out loud because I think his unabashedness when it comes to just being authentically himself at all times is something I wish I employed in my own life.
But you do seem to be much more open about your sexuality than before the show.
I think when you start out it's a really tough track to navigate. You can be really comfortable in your personal life, but the professional world is a very different beast. When gossip blogs were outing people — I really do feel like it's such a tender thing; it's a very sensitive thing for people, and there should be no pressure to do anything until you're ready. I do know that there's obligation, obviously, that comes with being someone who's in the public eye and being able to use that, but for me it was just that you grow into yourself and you grow into what you want to share with people publicly. Because yeah, I do think that conversation is a tricky one, and actually, I am sort of naturally quite private and don't like attention. (Laughs)
Last year your co-star Emily Hampshire, who plays Stevie, told me men expect her to be Stevie on dates and that she feels bad she's not.
I know. She always says that: “Stevie's so cool … and then I show up.” [Laughs]
Do you have an example of that happening to you?
Being a disappointment to people? Yes! … No — I think David has brought out the best in me as a person in terms of what I want to stand for and the kinds of things I want to fight for. I also have realized in ways that I never did before the reach that this show has to actually affect change in people's homes, and you know, you have to run with that and you have to wave that flag proudly because there's a lot of opposition out there. You have to constantly make sure that your megaphone is being heard over all the noise, which is why it was such a thrill for GLAAD to sponsor our L.A. event and to participate in the fundraising campaign. And again, you get to see people coming out of the woodwork and people of all different sort of backgrounds sending love to David and Patrick. It's incredible to watch.
They've instilled hope that, maybe, people aren't just looking for a quickie on Grindr.
Exactly.
It's refreshing.
Yeah, it's been really fun to play, and in a way, I often wonder if I wrote that as almost some kind of personal manifestation. If you write it, they will come.
Are they coming?
Not at the moment, but hopefully soon. It's all so tricky because we put so much of our times into this show and, for me, it's a 13-month commitment, so it's hard to be open and available to someone in a relationship when my eye will always tend to wander back to the show. It's finding the balance. But yeah … one day.
Are you interested in creating or playing more realistic portrayals of queerness that cut beyond caricature in the way David has?
Of course, yeah. There is a new show that I'm working on right now with quite an amazing queer character that I quite love. I wish I could tell you more about it. It's pretty fun, and if it all works out we will talk again and I will give you the lowdown. But yes, if all goes to plan then there might be a new show coming out in the next couple of years.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) — A female stunt driver has died after a motorcycle crash on a set for the movie “Deadpool 2” in downtown Vancouver, police said Monday.
The driver's name was not immediately released.
Witness Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash. She ran out of the coffee shop and saw glass still falling on the body of the woman.
A crumpled motorcycle was seen lying on its side at the location of the accident near Vancouver's waterfront.
Police said officers were at the scene and investigators with WorkSafeBC, the provincial workplace safety agency, were also looking into the crash.
“We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of ‘Deadpool 2' this morning. Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time,” said a spokesman for 20th Century Fox.
Deadpool, a Marvel Comics superhero, is played by Vancouver-born actor Ryan Reynolds.
Another stuntman was fatally injured last month during production of “The Walking Dead” when he fell head-first onto concrete about 22 feet (7 meters) below after appearing to try to grab a railing to stop his fall.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Rory McIlroy has hinted that he might not play again this year owing to ongoing injury problems that undermined his US PGA Championship title tilt
Speaking after closing out the year's final men's major with a three-under 68 to finish on one-over, the Northern Irishman suggested that Quail Hollow might be his final appearance of 2017.
“I don't know what I'm going to do,” said McIlroy. “You might not see me until next year. You might see me in a couple of weeks' time. It really depends.
“Right now I can feel my left rhomboid going into spasm. It's sort of the way it has been the last few weeks. I have upped my practice coming into these two events because I wanted to feel like I was in a good place in my game. But, yeah, right now it's a tough one because I go out there and play and shoot decent scores, but when I come off the course, I feel my left arm go numb.
“So I don't know what to do. I have got this next week off to assess what I need to go forward.”
McIlroy had been heavily fancied to win the US PGA on a course where he has an exceptional record. As well as winning the Wells Fargo Championship twice there, he is also the course record holder at Quail Hollow and leads the PGA Tour scoring average there since 2010.
However, his title bid never really got going, leaving him winless in golf's four marquee events for the third calendar year in succession. That's something he says he plans to address before the Masters next Spring, where he will once again attempt to complete the career grand slam.
“It's tough,” said McIlroy. “I want to get back into that winner's circle. You don't want to be teeing off at 9:45 on the final rounds of a major on a Sunday. That is not where you want to be. I have a good bit of time to get healthy and address a few things going forward. The next big thing is April and that's really what my focus will be on from now until then.”
He added that his search for a full-time replacement for caddie J.P. Fitzgerald is “up in the air” with the uncertainty over when he might play next.
Craig Hemke & Eric Sprott: Jobs Report, Precious Metals Manipulation, and Why Crypto is Over Podcast – Sprott Money News
The US jobs report is out, and the markets are already reacting. But Eric says all is not as it seems.
“A lot of people try to make very quick decisions on this without all the information. And all the information is: it was not a bullish jobs report.”
Join Eric for a deep dive into the numbers and learn what they mean for the average worker. Plus: at the five minute mark, Eric talks about why he thinks crypto is “kind of over,” and what the future holds for blockchain.
“I think all these things are very strong—they're powerful changes in markets which could create a much, much bigger interest in not only precious metals, but other hard assets as well.”
Plus: Why Eric finally feels vindicated by the CFTC fining and charging major banks for manipulation of precious metals.
All this, along with Eric's Super Bowl pick — and why it lines up squarely with his investment philosophy.
Sharing is caring!
There's nothing worse than feeling like you're with someone who just "tolerates" you, rather than fully loves you for who you are. Everyone deserves more than that. And according to relationship experts, there are ways to tell whether your partner actually accepts you or just puts up with you.
"Tolerating probably looks effortful," Laura VanderDrift, assistant professor of psychology at Syracuse University's College of Arts and Sciences and the director of the Close Relationships Lab tells Bustle. That means your partner may have to make an effort to celebrate your victories with you, or try really hard to understand your struggles. If you're in a happy, well-balanced relationship where your partner truly loves and accepts you, they should be doing that effortlessly.
According to VanderDrift, love is a "habitual, gut-level tendency" to include another person in your sense of self. For instance, their happiness is your happiness, and your sadness is their sadness. From this perspective, we can learn whether someone truly loves and accepts us by noticing what they do when they're tired. "People usually have a hard time regulating their behavior when they're tired, and tend to be more self-centered as a result," she says. "If they love you, their self-centered response will be to treat you with kindness and empathy, (after all, you're a part of them!). But if they seem to view you as another obligation when they're tired, then perhaps they haven't yet developed that habitual response that includes you."
But paying attention to how your partner treats you when they're tired isn't the only way to tell if they're tolerating you or actually accepting you. Here are other signs you should look out for, according to experts.
1 They Don't Have An Active Interest In Your Life Ashley Batz/Bustle "I think that if your partner is not taking an active interest in your life and things that you are passionate about and interested in, then [they] are not really accepting you," Brooke Wise of Wise Matchmaking tells Bustle. For instance, when you're concerned about something or have worries, do you feel that [they are] there for you? Do they know what's going on at work or with your family? Better yet, do they even bother to ask? "If [they are] too busy or doesn't have the time or desire to be there for you when you need them the most, then [they are] not fully loving and accepting you," Wise says.
2 You Don't Feel Like You're Part Of A Team Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Are you a team? Are they your biggest fan? "If the answer to both questions is resoundingly no, then this doesn't sound like they actually love and accept you," Wise says. If they're not making the effort to make you feel like you're part of a loving relationship, they they may just be tolerating you. According to Wise, if you feel like your partner really is just tolerating you, bring it up. If nothing changes, then Wise suggests moving on to someone who embraces you.
3 They'll Make Comments About Your Behavior Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Partners don't tolerate you per se but rather your behavior," Dr. Jess Carbino, the sociologist for dating app Bumble, tells Bustle. "A sign that a partner is tolerating rather than accepting of your behavior would be how they approach it directly through conversation or indirectly via body language." A partner who's intolerant would make comments regarding your behavior, even if it's not negative. For instance, if you like calling your partner during your lunch break every single day, they might say something like, "Wow, you really like these lunch time phone calls." According to Carbino, that may be your partner's way of negotiating their anxieties around the topic. "A partner who is accepting of a behavior will not make a comment or negatively express themselves indirectly," she says.
5 You Only Feel Connected During Sex Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Whether your partner accepts you or tolerates you is a question of how into you and the relationship they truly are," Sameera Sullivan, professional relationship coach and CEO of Lasting Connections tells Bustle. Sullivan suggests asking yourself whether they've made it clear that this relationship matters to them or if they're there because they're too lazy to move on? One way Sullivan says you can tell this is if you don't have an idea of why your partner is uniquely attracted to you versus anyone else. "If that intimate spark between you isn't obvious all the time and the only time you feel they're into you is before hooking up, it's a sign they may just be tolerating you," she says.
6 They Have A "Go With The Flow" Attitude About Your Relationship Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you find your partner treating your relationship with an indifferent, "go with the flow" attitude, it could be a red flag that they're only tolerating you. It's a sign that they're not actively finding ways to move the relationship forward. If they can't commit to plans with you for next weekend, that may also be sign you're not a priority for them.
7 You Feel Like Your Efforts Are Unappreciated Ashley Batz/Bustle If doing small favors are making you feel used or unappreciated, that may be a sign that you're doing more for the relationship than your partner. "Chances are, your efforts aren't being reciprocated and it's a sign of imbalance within the partnership," Sullivan says. When you feel like you're giving too much and your partner isn't giving anything back, it could indicate that your partner isn't interested in putting a ton of effort towards you or the relationship.
Daryl Powell admitted his Castleford Tigers players were second-best in many of departments after they were edged out by St Helens at Langtree Park.
Saints delivered a fine first-half display before holding off a spirited Tigers fightback to hand stand-in boss Jamahl Lolesi his first win since Keiron Cunningham's departure.
Castleford's Ben Roberts scored two tries. Picture: Alex Whitehead/SWpix.com
Matty Fleming, Luke Douglas and Mark Percival all crossed as the hosts took a 20-8 lead into the interval, while Regan Grace's try with 12 minutes left proved decisive.
Greg Eden and Ben Roberts both touched down twice for Castleford, who suffered only their second defeat of the campaign.
“In the first half we just got beaten for attitude and energy,” Tigers' head coach Powell.
“We started okay but their speed at the play the ball was far superior to ours.
We were just not right in between our ears today. We defended well on our line but we made too many errors in posession. Castleford Tigers' head coach, Daryl Powell
“We defended well on our line but we made too many errors in posession. Weight of posession at Easter is always going to be crucial – and we were on the wrong end of it.
“We were just not right in between our ears today. I said to the boys at half-time that we needed to keep them out if we were to go on and win - but we didn't manage to do it.”
Powell also dismissed claims that Grace had fumbled the ball over the line for the killer try.
He added: “The fans thought the try at the end was a knock-on. But it's a try isn't it? We have to improve and we will have to respond. The boys are disappointed. We haven't won here for a long time and we thought we could have done that today.”
Saints caretaker coach Sean Long couldn't hide his delight at the effort shown by his players just days after the sacking of head coach Keiron Cunningham.
““I'm really pleased with the effort and energy,” said Long.
“The boys turned up and it was a short turnaround following the game against Wigan.
“We found a way to win and Cas are a class team – to beat them is pleasing.”
St Helens: Makinson, Swift, Fleming, Percival, Grace, Fages, Smith, Amor, Lee, Walmsley, Taia, Wilkin, Thompson. Substitutes: Douglas, Walker, Peyroux, Knowles.
Castleford Tigers: Hardaker, Minikin, Webster, Shenton, Eden, Roberts, Gale, Lynch, McShane, Moors, Millington, McMeeken, Massey. Substitutes:Holmes, Milner, Sene-Lefao, Cook.
Referee: Chris Campbell (RFL).
The National Weather Service has issued winter storm and coastal flood watches ahead of Wednesday's storm.
"Heavy snow possible," the National Weather Service said in a winter weather message. "Total snow accumulations of 5 to 8 inches, with localized amounts up to 11 inches, are possible."
At times snowfall may be heavy, making for difficult travel conditions, the weather agency warns.
Still several days out from the storm, the forecast could change. The National Weather Service also released maps showing expected, high and low potential for the storm.
The National Weather Service in Taunton handles weather forecasts for much of Southern New England, including Massachusetts counties east of the Berkshires.
Weather forecasts for Berkshire County are handled by the National Weather Service in Albany and appear in a separate map, seen in the above gallery.
Where will it hit?
A winter storm watch has been issued for all of Massachusetts east of Berkshire County expect the Cape and Islands.
Much of Eastern Massachusetts is expected to see the highest snow totals, 8 to 12 inches. Central Massachusetts should expect six to 12 inches, depending on the region.
In Western Massachusetts, snowfall totals vary, from 6 to 8 inches expected in Springfield to 3 to 4 inches in Greenfield and parts of the Berkshires.
On the Cape and islands, up to 6 inches is expected, with some coastal communities likely to see less than an inch of accumulation.
A coastal flood watch has been issues for Cape Cod, the islands and South Shore communities, with high tide Thursday morning of the most concern.
When will it start?
The coastal storm will hit the Cape and Islands first. Nantucket is expected to see precipitation first, around 5 a.m. Wednesday. The storm will travel north, expected to hit the entire state in the afternoon.
Snowfall is expected to continue into Thursday morning.
How strong of wind gusts?
Coastal communities will be hit with the strongest winds. Gusts more than 50 miles per hour are predicted on Cape Cod, Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket. Boston is expected to feel wind gusts just above 40 miles per hour. In Central and Western Massachusetts, gusts above 30 miles per hour are expected.
Will I lose power?
Not likely, according to current storm models. While previous storms combined heavy, wet snow with strong wind gusts, such a severe combination is no expected this week.
BARCELONA, SPAIN—A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants arrived Wednesday in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean. The Italian government is blocking private rescue boats that it blames for encouraging human traffickers to launch unseaworthy boats loaded with migrants toward Europe.
A doctor takes the temperature of migrants aboard the Open Arms aid boat, of Proactiva Open Arms Spanish NGO, after arriving at the port of Barcelona, Spain on Wednesday. The aid boat sailed to Spain with 60 migrants rescued on Saturday in waters near Libya, after it was rejected by both Italy and Malta. ( Olmo Calvo / The Assoicated Press )
But the aid groups deny having any link to smugglers in Libya or elsewhere, and say they are being forced to leave unattended the busy migrant sea transit route where deaths are mounting. The Open Arms rescue ship completed a four-day journey to Barcelona, in northeastern Spain, after it saved 60 people Saturday from a rubber boat floating in waters north of Libya. The migrants come from 14 different countries and include five women, a 9-year-old boy and four older teenagers, some of them unaccompanied. The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said they were generally in good health but some may have fuel burns.
Article Continued Below
According to the International Organization for Migration, more than 500 people have died trying to cross from Libya since the Aquarius, another charity rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in early June. The 630 migrants were finally taken in by Spain and France. Doctors Without Borders blamed the deaths on the European Union's inaction.
Article Continued Below
“The EU is abdicating their responsibilities to save lives, blocking search and rescue and condemning people to be trapped in Libya,” the group said in a tweet Wednesday. “Any deaths caused by this are now at their hands.” In all, IOM says 1,405 people have died in the dangerous Mediterranean Sea crossing this year. The Open Arms docking in Barcelona was followed closely by the Astral, a sister boat run by the same organization where four European Parliament lawmakers witnessed the rescue operation. Lawmaker Javier Lopez of Spain said the rescue boat's arrival was a reason “to celebrate life” but deplored the mounting death toll in the Mediterranean. Lopez said Europe should be able to manage the number of migrants arriving by sea this year— around 50,000 so far into Spain, Italy and Greece. “Aren't we, 500 million Europeans, able to manage the arrival of 50,000 people?” he said.
Read more about:
Soccer: Son's Spurs run-out boosts South Korea's World Cup hopes
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 10:08 IST
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup have received a huge boost after talismanic forward Son Heung-min made a surprise appearance for English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
Son broke his right forearm on international duty in June and had been expected to miss about three months of action, potentially ruling him out of the Koreans' last two qualifiers against Iran on Aug. 31 and Uzbekistan five days later.
However, with the dynamic wide man coming off the bench in Spurs' 2-0 win over Newcastle United, South Korea coach Shin Tae-yong was hopeful Son would be fighting fit for the upcoming Asian qualifiers.
"He looked a lot better than I'd expected, though he still seemed a bit careful in physical battles," Yonhap News agency quoted Shin as saying on Monday.
"I wasn't sure if he would even be on the bench for the match. If he gets a couple more matches under his belt, then I am sure he'll be even better."
South Korea are second in Group A, seven points behind the already qualified Iran but only a point above third-placed Uzbekistan, who next play China away.
Only the top two from the group qualify automatically for Russia in 2018, while third earns a playoff against the third-placed team in Group B and another playoff against a side from the North American, Central American and Caribbean region.
Shin, who replaced Uli Stielike as coach after Korea's defeat in Qatar in June, also included Ki Sung-yueng in his 26-man squad, despite the Swansea City midfielder not expected to recover from a knee injury until mid-September.
Shin has said Ki's experience on and off the pitch is invaluable for the team and he would include him in the squad regardless of his fitness.
(Writing by Peter Rutherford; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
And the family's flat-screen has advantages of its own.
She has a TV in her bedroom that isn't hooked up to cable but is perfect for watching DVDs.
“Sometimes I watch TV in the car,” she says. “I have ballet every day, so I watch on the way.”
The North Attleboro, Massachusetts, fifth-grader watches shows like Liv and Maddie, Jessie and The Lodge on her laptop, iPad and phone.
NEW YORK—Grace Ellis has never known a time when you needed a TV to watch TV.
But nothing compares to the current wave: “The generation coming up now is used to having everything at their fingertips,” says Stacey Lynn Schulman, an analyst at the Katz Media Group.
Ever since freckle-faced puppet Howdy Doody ushered in children's television nearly 70 years ago, each new generation of viewers has been treated to a growing bounty of programs on a mushrooming selection of gadgetry.
Read more:
Can YouTube kill YTV? Networks grapple with shakeup in kids' television
Despite its move to HBO, Sesame Street's mission is the same
Why not? From birth, theirs has been a world of video digitally issuing from every screen. And for them, any of those screens is just another screen, whether or not you call it “TV.”
“When they love a (show), they love it in every form and on every platform,” says Nickelodeon president Cyma Zarghami.
This keeps the bosses at each kids' network scrambling to make sure that wherever children turn their eyes, that network's programming will be there.
Even so, it may be surprising that children nonetheless watch most television on, well, a television. As in: old-fashioned linear, while-it's-actually-airing telecasts.
A new Nielsen study finds that in the fourth quarter of 2016, viewers aged 2-11 averaged about 17 hours of live (not time-shifted) TV each week. Granted, that's a drop of about 90 minutes weekly from the year before. But by comparison, kids in fourth quarter 2016 spent about 4 ½ hours weekly watching video content on other devices.
“Linear TV is still the lion's share of where kids' time is spent,” says Jane Gould, senior vice-president for consumer insights for Disney Channel. “But it's important for us to be in all the other places where they are, as well.”
One reason: Those other outlets can pave the way for a new program's arrival on linear TV.
Gould points to Andi Mack, an ambitious comedy-drama that debuted on Disney Channel on April 7. Weeks before it landed there, the series could be sampled on digital platforms including the Disney Channel app, Disney.com, Disney Channel YouTube, iTunes, Amazon and Google Play.
Count Grace Ellis among the legions of kids whose attention was snagged by this mega-buildup. When Andi Mack premiered, Grace was one of the 9 million TV viewers who tuned in.
When Sesame Street premiered on PBS back in 1969, it joined a bare handful of TV shows (chief among them Captain Kangaroo and Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood) devoted to uplifting their young audience.
Nearly a half-century later, Sesame Street is going strong.
“PBS is still at its core,” says Sesame Workshop COO Steve Youngwood. So is TV overall, as demonstrated by the series expanding to HBO a year ago. TV currently accounts for 40 per cent of its viewership.
But Sesame Street has never stopped adapting to an evolving media landscape that today finds 18 per cent of its audience viewing on tablets, 14 per cent on mobile phones and 25 per cent on other streaming devices and computers.
That includes YouTube, where its program content has been a presence for some time. Now it's getting special focus with the launch of Sesame Studios, which Youngwood describes as “a separate production unit specifically for that platform. We want to harness the power of YouTube to educate kids just like we harnessed the power of TV 50 years ago.”
A half-century ago “streaming video” was an unimagined wonder. But today's TV landscape has been upended by this technology, and by major streaming-video outlets like Hulu, Amazon and Netflix as they aggressively vie for kids' (as well as everybody else's) attention.
Netflix famously doesn't disclose viewership figures. But according to Andy Yeatman, director of global kids content, “About half of our members around the world watch kids' content on a regular basis. So it's a very large, engaged audience.
“Between new and returning series last year, we added 35 new seasons of kids' originals,” he says. Similar expansion is projected this year.
In a bygone era with just a handful of TV channels, kids could count on finding shows aimed at them only on Saturday mornings and weekday afternoons.
Nickelodeon's Zarghami pegs 2013-14 as the most recent turning point for kids TV, “when the landscape seriously shifted,” she says, with streaming-video-on-demand providers gaining a real foothold and supplemental devices like tablets and mobile taking off.
Today, Nick has six on-demand platforms, “and we went from 500 new episodes in a season to close to 700 this season,” she says.
In short, kids are flooded with just-for-them content from every direction. But even that's not enough.
“What they really look for is, to be surprised,” says Disney Channel's Gould. “That's the real challenge: How do we surprise and delight them?”
Schulman of the Katz Media Group has her own prediction for where the next round of surprises might be waiting.
“Virtual reality has been hard to get off the ground, but kids are all about immersive experiences,” she says. When VR is ready for them, “that's probably going to be the next big thing.”
Rebic focused on Eintracht Frankfurt and World Cup amid Bayern Munich links
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 66 // 04 Jul 2018, 23:33 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Croatia and Eintracht Frankfurt star Ante Rebic
Croatia and Eintracht Frankfurt star Ante Rebic praised former boss Niko Kovac but played down speculation of a reunion at Bayern Munich.
Kovac was officially unveiled as Bayern head coach on Monday, having moved to the Bundesliga champions to replace Jupp Heynckes.
Since joining Bayern, Kovac has been linked with a raid on his old club, with Croatia forward Rebic reportedly at the top of the list after spending two years working together.
Rebic - who scored twice - and Kovac masterminded Frankfurt's stunning 3-1 win over Bayern in the DFB-Pokal final last season.
Eintracht Frankfurt & #CRO star Ante Rebic was asked about former boss Niko Kovac and talks of a reunion at Bayern Munich.
Said he's only focused on Eintracht and #WorldCup@OmnisportNews pic.twitter.com/pPhjJW4yJH — Sacha Pisani (@Sachk0) July 4, 2018
Asked about Kovac's move and the possibility of joining him, Rebic told reporters: "I've been working with him for a number of years.
"He was very successful [at Eintracht]. He earned his place at Bavaria.
"I'm a player of Eintracht and I'm only focused on the World Cup at the moment.
"After the World Cup, then we can talk [about my future]."
Rebic was speaking as Croatia prepare for Saturday's World Cup quarter-final showdown against hosts Russia in Sochi.
Croatia overcame Denmark in a penalty shoot-out to reach the last eight, while Russia stunned 2010 champions Spain by the same method.
Led by Zlatko Dalic, Croatia are viewed as dark horses to win the tournament as they look to surpass the achievements of the iconic 1998 team, who finished third in France 20 years ago.
Ivan Rakitic and #CRO team now out for training in Adler.
Really relaxed mood as they look to follow in the footsteps and surpass achievements of iconic 1998 #WorldCup team @OmnisportNews pic.twitter.com/yMlAncnYwj — Sacha Pisani (@Sachk0) July 4, 2018
"Football was different 20 years ago," Rebic said. "Now we're on a good path. We have great support. I believe in our team that we can do something similar."
As for the challenge in facing Russia, he added: "We have analysed them. We have to focus on ourselves. We have more quality in our team. We will set the tone."
Thursday, October 5, 2017
A note from the host:
Hello!
Thanks to everyone who tuned in to The Local Show this week! I had a great time playing music from all over North Texas – what a diverse scene we have here! Big thanks to Jeff Liles, artistic director at The Kessler Theater for being my guest on the show. He brought in a song called “Song for Louise Post” from The Buck Pets, a band that has been around since the 1980's. I dug up a cool video of them performing the song live at Trees in 1991. Watch below, and check out other highlights from this week's show.
Thanks for tuning in — see you next Thursday!
Amy Miller
Highlights from this week's show:
“Song for Louise” — The Buck Pets, Live at Trees in 1991
“Nothing is Impossible” — Lou Charle$
In Transit 2, 1027
Dallas-Fort Worth, TX
“Queen of Clowns” — Summer Dean
Unladylike, 2016
Fort Worth, TX
(Psst! You can see Summer Dean live during our KXT Local Music Showcase in Denton on Thursday, October 26 at Dan's Silverleaf!)
“Night Train to Memphis” — Charley Crockett
Lil G.L.'s Honky Tonk Jubilee, 2017
Dallas, TX
Full Playlist
FEEVES – “Sympathy”
Skinny Cooks – “Man of Wonder”
Pearl Earl – “Meet Your Maker”
Omicron J Trauma – “Leave You Alone”
Lou Charle$ – “Nothing is Impossible”
Cure for Paranoia – “Thrills”
The Buck Pets – “Song for Louise Post”
Summer Dean – “Queen of Clowns”
Sarah Jaffe – “Doctor's Orders”
Three On A Hill – “No More Love”
Charley Crockett – “Night Train to Memphis”
Leon Bridges, Gary Clark Jr., Jon Batiste – “Ohio”
Got a question about something you heard on The Local Show? Send us a message on Facebook or Twitter, or send us a message.
"I don't think it's for real, like 'We're going to tank,'" said Kyle O'Quinn, who had of the Knicks' season-high 61 rebounds. "But, I think it's encouraged. You know, why not? But, I don't think you can get five guys out on the court and tell them to lose as professionals."
TIP-INS
Bulls: Coach Fred Hoiberg said Kris Dunn was being put in a walking boot after he suffered a right toe sprain against Memphis on Thursday. Dunn also missed Chicago's game against Cleveland on Saturday. ... The Bulls had beaten the Knicks in the teams' previous three meetings this season.
Knicks: Courtney Lee returned after missing Saturday's game for personal reasons. Lance Thomas missed his second straight game for personal reasons. ... The Knicks ended their five-game homestand at 2-3.
MISSING THE POINT
Chicago's Zach LaVine (16.7 points per game), Lauri Markkanen (14.9) and Dunn (13.4) were out with injuries, while Robin Lopez (12) was dressed but did not play. Nikola Mirotic, who had been leading the Bulls in scoring (16.8), was traded to New Orleans on February 1.
"It doesn't change the game plan at all," Jeff Hornacek said. "We are still trying to do what we are supposed to do offensively and defensively. The scouting report changes a little bit in terms of what you do with Markkanen or what you do with Dunn. So that part changes. Other than that, we are trying. It is not like we have all our guys either."
Honouring A HERO
During a timeout, the Knicks honoured former Army Staff Sgt. Alfredo De Los Santos and presented him with a $10,000 scholarship for his daughter, Josely. De Los Santos lost his right leg when he was wounded in Afghanistan in 2008. He is now a professional hand cyclist who had a 4th-place finish at the 2016 Paralympics.
ALTERNATE UNIVERSE
The Bulls lost to the Cavaliers on Saturday and dropped consecutive games for the first time since Feb. 26-27. The Knicks, who beat the Hornets on Saturday, won consecutive games for the first time since Jan. 26-30.
LONELY VALENTINE
Denzel Valentine is the only player on either team who has played in every game this season. He has started 34 of the Bulls' 70 games.
UP NEXT
Bulls: Host Denver on Wednesday.
Knicks: Visit Miami on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Jeffrey Bernstein, The Associated Press
Microsoft unleashes more power for high-end systems with Windows 10 Pro for Workstations arriving as part of the Fall Creators Update
Microsoft is to make a version of Windows 10 Pro available for businesses that need to run the operating system on server-grade hardware.
Windows 10 Pro for Workstations will be released as part of the upcoming Fall Creators Update following feedback from participants in the Windows 10 Insider Program who said they needed more performance and reliability for intensive workloads and mission critical applications.
Persistent memory will allow them to read and write files as fast as possible, while faster file sharing is enabled by higher throughput and low latency while still using as little CPU power as possible.
Read More: All the latest Windows 10 news
Windows 10 Pro for Workstations
Resiliency is improved with the addition of ReFS (resilient file system), which protects against data corruption even with large volumes.
But arguably the biggest enhancement is support for server-grade Intel Xeon and AMD Opteron processors with 4 CPUs and 6TB of memory – significant increases from the present limits.
“Performance is a very important requirement in this new world of fast paced innovation and we will continue to invest on Windows 10 Pro for Workstations to enable Windows power users to maximise every aspect of their high-performance device,” said laus Diaconu from Microsoft's Devices & Services Group.
What is your biggest cybersecurity concern? Ransomware
Humans / Social Engineering
Out of date tools
DDoS
State sponsored hackers
Malware
Other View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
“Windows 10 Pro for Workstations utilises significant investments, that Windows has made in recent releases, for scaling up across a high number of logical processors and large amounts of memory. Our architectural changes in the Windows kernel take full advantage of high-end processors families, such as Intel Xeon or AMD Opteron, that package a high number of cores in single or multi-processor configurations.”
The Fall Creators Update will be rolled out this Autumn following the arrival of the Creators Update earlier this year and will bring a raft of usability features. Only last week, Microsoft looked to boost the accessibility of its platform with an eye control beta that allowed people with disabilities to make use of an on-screen mouse, keyboard and text-to-speech tool.
Take our Microsoft quiz here!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Several animals were killed and mutilated in a shocking ritual which led to 11 arrests, according to police.
An horrific scene was discovered after police were called to reports of animals being slaughtered in San Antonio, USA.
Deputies found a woman cutting up animal parts, while another was draining the blood of a chicken, according to reports.
Goat heads were among the gruesome discoveries made, cops confirmed.
Investigators say officers arrived to find a group of people talking in an unknown language, and the remains of chickens, goats and other animals were found.
They have not confirmed if it was part of a Satanic ritual being carried out in a garage.
The suspects, aged between 24 and 65, were arrested on cruelty to livestock animal charges on Friday night, My SA reports.
Sgt. Elizabeth Gonzalez said: "It appears that they were having some sort of unknown ritual.
"They were speaking a different language the officer did not recognise."
A number of live animals were taken to safety after the horrific scene was uncovered. They were given medical attention.
Shocked neighbour Gabriel Benavides told KSAT: "It sounded like a man moaning, but I heard the goat.
"It didn't sound like it was coming from a human. It is very unfortunate that happened, and I guess bizarre would be the biggest word because that happened in my neighborhood."
The suspects are Alexander Gene Campos, 23; Ivan Felipe Gonzalez, 24; Carmen Maria Gonzalez-Trujillo, 41; Cynthia Gabriell Martinez, 29; Liza Mercado, 46; Marie Galan Murcia, 65; Ramon Patino Jr., 65; Luiz Rodriguez Ortiz, 41; Robert Talamantez, 55; Irma Garza Talamantez, 64; and Arteaga Ariel Torres, 39.
The Blue Jays never surrendered at Fenway Park in attempting to rally in the ninth, but for three straight games the Red Sox showed they were the superior team. Boston completed the sweep Wednesday, leaving the Jays with just nine wins in May. It is Toronto's lowest win total for the month of May and the first time in single digits since 1981.
Jays second baseman Devon Travis tags out Boston's Andrew Benintendi trying to steal second during third-inning play at Fenway on Wednesday afternoon. ( Elise Amendola / The Associated Press )
In the ninth inning of Wednesday afternoon's 6-4 loss to the Red Sox and trailing by four, the Jays loaded the bases with nobody out and the tying run at the plate. Kendrys Morales lined a double to the right-field corner, scoring two, but closer Craig Kimbrel escaped the jam. The Jays flew to Detroit for their next series, licking their wounds ahead of Thursday's day off. The slumping Blue Jays demonstrated an alarming tendency in Boston, including in the series finale, of not being able to shut down an opponent after scoring. Consider that in four of five innings in which the Jays scored runs in the series, the Sox were able to immediately respond in the same frame. Not good.
Article Continued Below
On Wednesday, right-fielder Teoscar Hernandez drove a two-run homer to left off Boston's Eduardo Rodriguez to tie the game after the Jays were held hitless into the fifth inning. That was short-lived, though, as with one out in the bottom of the inning, J.D. Martinez slammed a two-run homer off Sam Gaviglio to re-establish a two-run lead they never relinquished. The Jays are now six games below .500. When this season began in late March there were two safe assumptions concerning Jays pitching. One, that Marcus Stroman would be one of the league's emerging young stars as a starter. Second, that Roberto Osuna would be one of the top ninth-inning closers in the game. Neither of those assumptions has held true. When Stroman was forced onto the disabled list with right shoulder inflammation earlier in May, he had made seven starts and was winless. His final start was May 8 against James Paxton and the Seattle Mariners; Paxton, a Canadian, tossed a no-hitter that day. The first with a chance to replace Stroman was Joe Biagini, then Gaviglio. Along with J.A. Happ, the two have been the club's most reliable starters in May. Gaviglio is a strike thrower who keeps the game moving, but all pitchers need to run support. After three starts replacing Biagini, the 28-year-old right-hander has a 3.63 ERA and averages 5 2/3 innings per outing. When Stroman returns, the question is whether Gaviglio can remain in the rotation.
When experts attempt to parse and analyze the obvious problems of the Jays in the month of May, the club's pathetic offence and the underachieving starting rotation lead the way. But what cannot be overlooked is the failed performance of a reconstructed and overworked bullpen ever since the removal of Osuna from the active roster following his arrest by Toronto Police Services early on the morning of May 8. When Osuna was anchoring the back end of the bullpen as one of the top closers in the American League, the Jays were 19-16. With manager John Gibbons confident in Osuna's ninth-inning responsibilities, the skipper was able to mix and match in the eighth with his setup men, giving late innings a semblance of order.
Article Continued Below
The early numbers reflect the solid late-inning work by the Jays 'pen prior to May 8. In 35 games with Osuna available, the bullpen in the eighth and ninth innings had a 2.35 ERA, allowing 57 hits and 16 walks in 65 innings with 68 strikeouts and 10 saves. The relievers most utilized from the eighth on were Osuna (15 times), followed by Ryan Tepera (14), Tyler Clippard (11), John Axford (7) and Aaron Loup (6). Osuna picked up nine saves in the club's 19 wins. Now check out the Jays' bullpen numbers in the 21 games since Osuna has been placed on enforced administrative leave. After he was removed from the roster, the first four games showed little difference, with just one run allowed in 11 innings combined in the final two frames, plus extras. But in the past 17 games, the late-innings bullpen (eighth and ninth innings) has a 7.45 ERA, allowing 52 baserunners in 30 innings. The pitchers used most often from the eighth inning on since May 8 have been Tepera (9), Clippard (8), Loup (5), Danny Barnes (3) and Jake Petricka (3). There seems to be no sense of that “this-game-is-over” confidence when either Tepera or Clippard is handed the ball with a lead in the ninth. It's possible Osuna isn't the team's most valuable player (or its best person), but he could be the Jays' most important player. So where does Osuna stand for the rest of this season and moving forward as a talented 24-year-old closer? Major-league baseball has thrice delayed making any decision on a possible suspension for Osuna. The latest deadline for administrative leave is June 4, which could again be extended. While on leave, Osuna is being paid and receiving credit for service time, but once any suspension is imposed, it will be retroactive, with the pitcher losing money and service. His first court appearance in Toronto on an assault charge is June 18. Any suspension by MLB will not necessarily rely on the result of that court appearance.
Read more about:
A few years ago, we were told the millennial demographic consisted of thousands of urban farmers who kept chickens in their backyards until they abandoned their personal fowl when the responsibility of bird rearing got to be too much. "Hipsters are ditching their pet chickens," ran a headline in the Atlantic in 2013. "Backyard chickens may have jumped the shark," ran another, in CityLab.
Today, youngish people are no longer making news for shoddy chicken farming — we are making news because we are apparently too squeamish to cook our feathery friends, let alone live with them. This squeamishness has nothing to do with a vegan moral imperative. A lot of us simply just don't like touching raw meat, whether it was butchered at a big factory or in our own backyards.
According to a 2016 survey conducted by market research firm Mintel, 37 per cent of cooks in the U.K. aged 16 to 34 "prefer not to handle raw meat when cooking." It's with this research in mind that U.K. supermarket Sainsbury's announced this month plans to roll out special, "touch-free" packaging for raw chicken cutlets aimed at younger customers who don't want to handle their dinner before they cook it.
According to a Sainsbury's spokesperson speaking to the Sunday Times, "Customers, particularly younger ones, are quite scared of touching raw meat. These bags allow people, especially those who are time-poor, to just 'rip and tip' the meat straight into the frying pan." Rip and tip. It doesn't sound particularly appetizing, but then again, I'm not paid to advertise chicken to people who are afraid of it.
Needless to say, not everyone is thrilled with Sainsbury's announced rollout of touch-free meat technology. On the contrary, many commenters, including permanently vexed broadcaster Piers Morgan, are incensed with a consumer initiative they believe coddles members of the millennial demographic; a group often referred to by cantankerous people everywhere as "snowflakes" (or occasionally, "whiny snowflakes").
One cantankerous individual on Twitter even went so far as to dub this particular case of alleged millennial entitlement "Snowflake Chicken." Morgan meanwhile, had a hissy fit on TV, suggesting raw-meat-averse millennials are "destroying the planet" with their "weak-willed behaviour."
Though I don't count myself among the chicken-scared 37 per cent, I think Morgan is in need of a reminder that 37 per cent does not a majority make. Yes, a lot of millennials in the U.K. have an aversion to touching raw chicken. But so do many other people.
According to the same Mintel survey, 27 per cent of the average population (U.K. residents of all ages) expressed an aversion to handling raw meat. In other words, this phobia is not, by any stretch of the imagination, an exclusively millennial problem.
However, if we're going to play the blame game, I'd wager the source of raw-meat phobia among younger people is not a "weak-willed" nature, as Morgan suggests, but fear-mongering by baby boomer parents who were understandably freaked out by salmonella in the 1980s and '90s. Fear of food infection is by no means a thing of the past (in fact, more than 200 million eggs were just recalled in the U.S.), but boy was it alive and well when millennials were kids.
This was especially true in the U.K. According to a BBC story about food safety from 1998: "Salmonella came to prominence when Edwina Currie MP, a junior health minister, said in 1988 that most eggs in Britain were infected with the bacterium. Her comments sparked a public outcry and two weeks later she resigned. But by early 1989, the House of Commons select committee on agriculture had investigated the issue and concluded there was a link between eggs and salmonella poisoning."
It was a rough start to the week in Toronto and New York as the markets took some steep losses today. Materials and energy weighed Bay Street down as oil prices fell and investors played it safe ahead of an expected U.S. interest rate increase this week. The Federal Reserve is having a policy meeting tomorrow and Wednesday.
The TSX lost 121 points to close the day at 15,589.
On Wall Street tech stocks paved the way for big losses as Facebook dropped like a stone following news the company leaked profiles for over 50 million members to Cambridge Analytica. The industrial sector was down too as G20 finance ministers are meeting in Buenos Aires. U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs are expected to be a hot topic there.
The Dow Jones closed the day at 24,610, down 335 points.
The federal government is teaming up with Ontario, Quebec and the private sector for a $400 million investment in linked laboratories for 5G technology. The money is meant to encourage Canadian-made innovations in the field.
At press time oil is down 19 cents to $62.22 U.S. per barrel, gold is up $4.20 to $1316.50 an ounce, and the loonie is up a fifth of a cent to 76.54 cents U.S.
President Donald Trump told a Fox News Reporter that he is "seriously considering" pardoning former Maricopa County (Arizona) Sheriff Joe Arpaio after he was convicted of contempt of court two weeks ago.
"He has done a lot for the fight against illegal immigration," Trump told Fox News at his Bedminster, New Jersey golf club Sunday. "He's a great American patriot and I hate to see what has happened to him."
Arpaio, a native of Springfield, is awaiting sentencing after he was found guilty of misdemeanor contempt of court in federal court on July 31. Arpiao admitted running special patrols targeting Hispanic drivers for more than 17 months after a federal judge ordered him to stop.
Arpaio's deputies would stop Hispanic drivers and hold them "for further investigation." The courts found the practice to be racial profiling and ordered Arpaio to stop. Arpaio claimed he did not intend to break the law, but his attorney did not fully explain the judge's restrictions.
Trump told Fox he may issue a pardon within the next few days.
Arpaio's attorneys claim that he would have been acquitted if the trial was held in front of a jury instead of a single judge.
Arpaio touted himself as America's toughest sheriff using such tactics as forcing inmates to sleep in old military tents in the heat of Arizona's 100-plus-degree summers, wear pink underwear and work on chain gangs including voluntary chain gangs for women.
At a Second Amendment rally in Belchertown in June, Arpaio urged gun rights activists to legally take action against crime. He called for "volunteerism" during remarks at the fourth annual Flag Day Second Amendment Rally at the Swift River Sportsman's Club in Belchertown.
"We have to get the people involved in fighting crime, volunteerism. And, one step more, we should allow our citizens to arm themselves and expect them to take action," he told attendees. "When you have these shootings in schools and other forums, if we had someone there who had a weapon -- a concealed weapon, whatever -- they could take down the shooter and save a lot of lives."
by Jonathan Schumann
(This week, Jonathan Schumann returns to Arts and Leisure to review Mother! Jonathan, who shared this column with his dad, Mark Schumann, from 1999 to 2006, now lives in New York City.)
Ugh. How do you solve a problem like Mother!, the new film from filmmaker Darren Aronofsky? And even more challenging, how do you write about it without giving away its many twists and turns? I hesitate to say “plot twists and turns” as there isn't much plot to speak of. So, buckle up.
A nameless man (Javier Bardem) and woman (Jennifer Lawrence) live in what seems to be bucolic splendor in a charming fixer upper. He seems to be some sort of writer, she seems to be more of a homebody. What feels like a set-up for a new HGTV series takes an unexpected turn when a strange man (also nameless, played by Ed Harris) arrives at the door late one night. Bardem is welcoming, Lawrence is suspicious.
The next day, the man's wife arrives in the glorious form of Michelle Pfeiffer who should appear in more movies. How great to see this luminous actress working on a big screen. And let's be clear. The only reason I'm giving this movie even a single bucket (and not what would be an unprecedented zero buckets) is because of Pfeiffer's vampy, campy turn. Unfortunately, it's a small role. And, when she leaves, I wanted to follow her to whatever narrative she was exiting to, a late 80s Aaron Spelling soap, no doubt. This pair of unexpected arrivals leads to more uninvited guests, and a menacing spiral of events that builds to a catastrophic end.
That's about as much as I can say without giving too much of the “plot” away. Not that I'm entirely sure what happened or what it means. Much has been written about what the film's loose story and archetypes might represent. Is it about climate change? Is it a biblical allegory? Is it a cautionary tale about the pratfalls of fame? Perhaps a Rosemary's Baby homage for the Trump era? To be honest, I have no idea. I love allegory. I love filmmakers breaking the rules and experimenting and disrupting the status quo. But there's not enough here to go on. It may all make sense in Aronofsky's mind, but he doesn't pull the curtain back far enough to let us in. And a filmmaker this complex needs, at times, to help translate what he's thinking.
To be clear, Aronofsky's skills as a visual storyteller continue to amaze. The camerawork and narrative point of view here are stellar. But superior craftsmanship can't make up for a hollow story. I will offer props to Paramount for funding this disaster. In an increasingly cautious filmmaking landscape, few studios are willing to fund original stories. And, though this one fails, the fact that it was made in the first place is a good thing.
Streaming Pick: Black Swan
This Aronofsky film does a much better job of balancing absurd, camp elements with a coherent narrative flow. The movie — about a ballerina who is totally losing it — works because of its grounding in the reality of Lincoln Center and rich characters brought to life by actors doing superior work. Barbara Hershey and Vincent Cassel are great in supporting roles, but the film belongs to Natalie Portman, doing her best work ever (and Oscar agreed).
Mother! is rated R for strong disturbing violent content, some sexuality, nudity and language. The film runs 2 hours, 1 minute, and is showing in local theaters. 1 Popcorn Bucket. Want to read more about films by Darren Aronofsky? Check the Reel Dad at Arts and Leisure online at hersamacorn.com.
Aronofsky makes us think with The Wrestler
By Mark Schumann
The Reel Dad
As he tries to do Mother!, filmmaker Darren Aronofsky makes us think with his 2008 film, The Wrestler. Unlike his latest film, however, The Wrestler creates its impact through the development of characters that make sense in a narrative that never lets up.
The lead character Aronofsky's powerful film could be working in any profession. He could be, in fact, anyone who formerly enjoyed a spotlight, commanded a crowd, attracted fans. That he steps into a wrestling ring to do his work is incidental; the event is simply a metaphor for how a world can treat those it considers has-beens. And the lessons the film offers can be meaningful to anyone.
When released, the film attracted a lot of attention, for good reason, for the striking work of Mickey Rourke in the title role. But the value of The Wrestler reaches beyond any one performer. This is a beautifully written and directed character study of a man who tries to reinvent his life when he is no longer able to do the work for which he has trained all of his life. That he has better days behind him gives him history, but does not make him pitiful. When this man steps into his ring, he knows who is, and what his work involves. He's just not prepared for it to be taken away from him.
The Wrestler opens with “Randy Ram” as he does a good night's work on the professional wrestling/intense performing circuit. Nothing seems off limits in the effort to excite an audience and, in two brutal sequences, we are shown just how far these performers will go to entertain. Unfortunately, Randy forgets his age, and the damage he has done to his body over the years, and suffers a heart attack. The film focuses on his efforts of rehabilitation, physical and emotional, as he strives to carve a life that can thrive outside the rink.
Unfortunately, for Randy, as for many professionals who have focused on their careers, the relationships closest to them have given way to other priorities. So when he tries to reconnect with his long-lost daughter, beautifully played by Rachel Evan Wood, he experiences the pain of many a parent trying to reach out. And when he tries to establish a relationship with a dancer in a club, perfectly portrayed by Marisa Tomei, he learns that the charm he conveys when he works doesn't always work when he lives.
At the center of the film is Rourke who is pitch perfect in every moment. Rarely do we get to see an actor, a role and a director so creatively aligned. Rourke doesn't perform the part; he is the part; and he is heartbreaking. While much attention initially went to the brutality of the wrestling sequences, the finest moments in the film are the quiet ones, when Rourke's face and eyes register a despair that reaches off the screen.
The Wrestler is a film that is so good, so lasting, and in other hands could have been so wrong. It turns out Nicholas Cage was originally cast in the lead role. That would have made it a star turn. What adds to the drama on screen is how we know, as an audience, that Rourke is fighting for his professional life, too.
The Wrestler, released in 2008, is Rated R for violence, sexuality/nudity, language and drug use. The film runs 1 hour, 49 minutes, and is available online.
New York: Intel Corp.'s Brian Krzanich joined Under Armour Inc.'s Kevin Plank in becoming the latest chief executives to quit President Donald Trump's council of US business leaders, as membership on the panel has become enmeshed in the country's volatile politics after violent riots in Virginia over the weekend.
The moves come hours after Merck & Co.'s Kenneth Frazier first stepped down from the business council. Plank's departure is a particularly sharp rebuke to Trump, after the Under Armour executive earlier this year came under fire for commenting that the president was a “real asset” for the country.
“I resigned to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing,” Intel's Krzanich said in a company blog post.
Plank said in a tweeted statement that “Under Armour engages in innovation and sport, not politics,” while Merck's Frazier said he quit “as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
Trump responded to Frazier with a couple jabs, tweeting late Monday that “@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the US.”
Also Read: Donald Trump attacks Merck CEO on Twitter after resignation from council
Over the weekend, one woman was killed and many others were injured after a man in a car rammed a group of counter-demonstrators during a daylong melee in Charlottesville, Virginia. White supremacists and other hate groups had massed in the city to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Trump was widely criticized by US lawmakers and other officials for not denouncing white supremacists in a statement on Saturday in which he said “many sides” were at fault for the violence. The president has repeatedly drawn fire for his relations with white nationalist groups and his handling of issues related to minorities.
Speaking from the White House on Monday, Trump denounced white supremacists and declared racism “evil”.
“To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held accountable,” Trump said, calling for unity in the wake of the tragedy.
The CEO departures show how corporate leaders are walking a narrow line in working with the Trump administration to help shape policy around taxes, immigration and other issues, while trying not to alienate customers in an increasingly tense political environment.
Plank's pro-Trump commentary earlier this year sparked an uproar from shoppers and very public dissent among Under Armour's athletes, including his most-valued sneaker pitchman, basketball star Stephen Curry. The CEO in a television interview had declared that Trump is “pro-business” and a “real asset.”
After a Wall Street analyst downgraded the company, Plank took out a full-page newspaper ad, saying his words praising Trump “did not accurately reflect” his intent. He said the company opposed the president's executive order to ban refugees from certain countries.
The president's council has included top executives from Boeing Co., Dow Chemical Co. and Johnson & Johnson. A handful of CEOs have stepped down from two White House business groups, which have met only sporadically, over political controversies.
The president hasn't been shy about calling out businesses for perceived missteps. After his 2016 election victory Trump took aim at defence contractors Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. for what he called the high cost of some aircraft, and muscled United Technologies Corp. unit Carrier into keeping a plant in Indiana after the company said it would be closed and production shifted to Mexico.
Corporate pushback
Trump created two CEO advisory groups early in his presidency. Blackstone Group CEO Steve Schwarzman leads one described as a strategy and policy forum, and Dow Chemical's Andrew Liveris organized a manufacturing initiative. After an initial burst of activity and press attention, the councils have fizzled with neither meeting since April.
Earlier this year, Elon Musk of Tesla Inc. and Walt Disney Co. CEO Bob Iger quit the strategy and policy panel after Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate pact. Former Uber Technologies Inc. CEO Travis Kalanick quit in February after Trump's executive order on immigration.
Trump and a range of corporations have previously been at odds on other fronts.
The administration drew criticism from a wide swath of companies over its executive order restricting immigration. More than 160 technology firms, including Amazon.com Inc., Facebook Inc., and Google corporate parent Alphabet Inc. joined a legal brief criticizing the order. Technology firms have also criticized the administration's efforts to restrict access to H-1B visas for high-skilled workers, and eliminate an Obama Administration program that would have provided visas for foreign entrepreneurs who received start-up funding.
Other members of the Trump councils, including Lockheed Martin and PepsiCo Inc., declined to say whether they would follow the moves of the other executives in stepping down.
Merck's prices
Merck has in the past taken stands on social issues. In 2012, the company's foundation ended funding for the Boy Scouts of America over the group's exclusion of gays from its leadership ranks. Frazier is a registered Democrat, according to Pennsylvania voter records.
Trump made US drug prices an issue during the presidential campaign and after—at one point accusing drug companies of “getting away with murder.” While his rhetoric on the subject has cooled, the Food and Drug Administration has taken steps to try and bring more competition to the market for some drugs, and speed more generic drugs to the market.
Frazier, in December, said his company has a “restrained” approach to price increases, calling aggressive price increases a foolhardy move by the industry. In a company report published this year, Merck said it has a “long history of making our medicines and vaccines accessible and affordable through responsible pricing practices.”
For 2016, the list price on its drugs rose by 9.6% on average while the net price, which more closely reflects what is paid by consumers, rose 5.5%, according to the report. Merck shares were up 0.7% to $62.79 at 12:02 pm in New York, roughly in line with a broader advance in the US stock market.
Toby Cosgrove, the CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, plans to remain on the strategy and policy group, said Eileen Sheil, a spokeswoman for the health system. She said the group hasn't met since April, and there are no meetings scheduled.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. CEO Lloyd Blankfein also took to Twitter Monday in response to the violence, citing former president Abraham Lincoln. “A house divided against itself cannot stand,” wrote Blankfein, whose inaugural tweet in June expressed disapproval over Trump's decision to ditch the Paris climate accord. Bloomberg
HUNTINGTON WOODS, Mich.—More than a dozen tractor-trailers lined up beneath a Detroit-area freeway overpass to aid police trying to help a man contemplating suicide.
Michigan state police Lt. Michael Shaw said troopers received a call early Tuesday about the man standing on an overpass above Interstate 696 in Huntington Woods. As officers routed traffic away, they directed truckers to drive into positions to shorten the fall if the man jumped.
Thirteen trucks lined the freeway as police dealt with the man. The incident lasted about four hours until he walked off to waiting officers and to seek medical help.
Shaw said troopers typically work with truckers during such incidents, but it's unusual to have so many involved. He adds there are “many other options out there aside from taking your own life.”
The author behind the controversial biography, Princess Diana: In Her Own Words, has now made Meghan Markle his newest subject. Andrew Morton is penning Meghan: A Hollywood Princess, an "in-depth biography" about Prince Harry's fiancée.
The writer announced his new project on Twitter over the weekend with great enthusiasm, citing Markle's "bags of charisma and her potential to make a "tremendous impact on royal family and wider world."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Excited to be writing #MeghanMarkle's story. She has bags of charisma. A royal star who will have tremendous impact on royal family and wider world https://t.co/TORpgNaB5T — Andrew Morton (@andrewmortonUK) December 8, 2017
The book will arrive sooner than you think. According to The Bookseller, Morton's project was already acquired by Michael O'Mara Books and is scheduled to release on April 19, 2018—a month before Markle and Prince Harry's May nuptials.
Morton, a California native like Markle, promises to deliver "a comprehensive, unparalleled look at her life prior to the royal engagement," which took place in November 2017.
Harry and Meghan on their first royal engagement together on December 1 Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Morton says he was a fan of the Suits actress before she made headlines as Prince Harry's girlfriend. He describes her as "confident, groomed and camera ready"—"a dramatic contrast to the blushing, coy royal brides of recent history," he told The Bookseller.
He also compared her and Harry's dynamic to those of previous royal couples. "The warmth and affection Meghan and Harry displayed during their engagement interview is light years away from the stilted 'whatever love means' conversation with Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer in 1981," he continued.
Morton also touches on how Markle breaks royal stereotypes as a divorcée, American, biracial woman, and actress. "Meghan is an exciting and genuinely charismatic addition to the royal family—she makes the House of Windsor seem relevant again," the author added.
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Morton is no stranger to tough subjects—he's previously written books about Monica Lewinsky, Madonna, Tom Cruise, and Angelina Jolie. He also isn't the only one writing about the duchess-to-be.
Markle's estranged paternal half-sister, Samantha Grant, will also address the actress in her upcoming memoir, The Diary of Princess Pushy's Sister. Despite the snarky title, Grant denies that the book will be a "slamming tell-all." Instead, she focuses on the "beautiful nuances" of their lives, and how "interracial evolution"—through the lens of her family's experiences—"intersects with the recent events" involving Markle. (Namely, her relationship with Prince Harry.)
It looks like we're going to be learning a lot more about Meghan Markle by the time she ties the knot with Prince Harry next spring.
Apple has overtaken Samsung Electronics in smartphone sales for the first time in two years—but don't count on it staying ahead for long.
Samsung sold 76.8 million smartphones in the fourth quarter, giving it a market share of 17.8 percent, but it was just beaten by Apple, which sold 77 million iPhones for a 17.9 percent share, according to figures from Gartner.
The fourth quarter is usually a strong one for Apple, boosted by holiday sales of the new generation of iPhones it releases each September, said Anshul Gupta, a research director at Gartner.
For Samsung, though, 2016 ended particularly badly, dominated by the fiasco around the recall of its incendiary Galaxy Note7.
Super-phones like the Note7 could have accounted for 10 to 15 percent of Samsung's smartphone sales in the period before its recall, said Gupta, but Samsung lost more than that: There was also the damage to its brand.
It could bounce back sooner rather than later, though, as it has a new flagship phone coming out at the end of March.
Apple, meanwhile, is expected to wait until September before unveiling new iPhones. This year will mark the iPhone's 10th anniversary, and the next model is widely expected to be something special, so Apple fans may delay replacing phones until then, said Gupta. That would leave the way clear for Samsung to move back into the lead from this quarter.
That pattern showed up last year too: Although it dominated the fourth quarter, Apple was a distant second over the full year, with market share of just 14.4 percent over the year, far behind Samsung's 20.5 percent, and the situation was similar the previous year.
While the giants slug it out, a more interesting battle is going on just beneath them, as the next three companies in the fourth-quarter smartphone rankings are all Chinese.
Huawei Technologies is in third place with a worldwide smartphone market share of 9.5 percent, with fourth and fifth taken by Oppo (6.2 percent) and BBK Communication Equipment (5.6 percent), two companies that many consider to be part of the same conglomerate.
Gartner treats them separately because, whatever their shareholding structure, they operate independently, each with their own product team, Gupta said.
BBK, almost unknown in the West, is now the number one smartphone brand in China, he said. A year ago, though, that honor went to Oppo, and the year before that, Huawei. Previous years saw the Chinese market topped by Xiaomi and Samsung.
These Chinese companies have pushed Apple and Samsung aside in their home market, and are expanding across South Asia.
“Even in their current expansion, Oppo is not focusing just on emerging markets, but also on developed markets like Australia,” said Gupta, so we may soon see them climbing up the rankings in Europe and the U.S too.
The key ingredients for that are already in their products, he said. “Oppo and BBK make great phones in terms of feature set. They have integrated high-end features like dual cameras and fast charge.”
Kevin Linn continued his strong play and scored two goals to help the Jonathan Law boys soccer team defeat Bassick High, 4-1, on Friday.
Linn opened the scoring for Law at the 26-minute mark when Jon Vitale played a ball into him and Linn beat the Bassick keeper Gustavo Poblano far post.
Law continued to pressure Bassick and got another one from Linn this time near post on another assist from Vitale.
Law came out hungry in the second half and Linn setup Will Contaxis for Law's third goal.
Bassick answered in the 60th minute when Juan Osorio scored to cut the lead to 3-1.
Law hit the crossbar twice, before Matt Tournas played a ball across the box and Vitale hammered it home to score his third goal of the season making it 4-1.
“Jack (Pincus-Coyle) played a really good game and had six saves,” Law coach Mike Gruber said after the Lawmen improved to 6-2 on the season.
Bassick falls to 6-2-1.
Law plays Tuesday at Bowen Field against Career/Hillhouse.
Cody Bellinger is technically a rookie, but he's been accumulating baseball knowledge for his whole life. His father, Clay, played for the Yankees from 1999-2001, winning two World Series and losing another in Game 7. In short, Cody was born into a winning MLB franchise. The experience is especially useful now, as Cody, who had 39 home runs, 97 RBI and 87 runs this season, will play his first MLB postseason game Friday night for the Dodgers.
ThePostGame: I'm from New York City, so I'm going to start with this: Growing up a Yankee fan and watching your dad play, I like to think that I was very self-aware of my baseball skills and wasn't expecting to be a superstar, so I was kind of like, I could be a utility player like Clay Bellinger! How much were you around those Yankee teams when you were younger?"
CODY BELLINGER: I would probably say every day. We lived in Rye Brook, New York, so it was a quick 20-minute drive. I was the batboy and they let me hang around the clubhouse, so it was pretty special.
TPG: Did you guys move once your dad went to the Angels?
BELLINGER: I think we moved that year. That's when we resided in Arizona. It's an easy place to raise a family, so that's where they wanted to settle.
TPG: So, obviously you will be playing in your first playoff game this week. What do you remember about those playoffs with your dad? Were you going to games? Were you watching? Obviously your dad played and went the distance for three straight years with the Yankees. What was that experience like for you?
BELLINGER: Yeah, honestly, I wish I remembered a little more. My mom recorded a lot of it, so sometimes in the offseason, we'd go back and watch the videos. The things I do remember most are the World Series parades. Those were pretty unbelievable, especially being in New York City. I don't remember the games as much. I remember being up there on the podium. Those World Series were awesome.
TPG: Do you remember which players gravitated towards you when you showed up to the field? Which of those Yankees players talked to you?
BELLINGER: We were really close with Andy Pettitte and his son. I still keep in touch with his son, Josh. I have some stories with Derek Jeter and Bernie Williams and Chuck Knoblauch and so many guys like that who I remember being super awesome to me.
TPG: You were born in '95? Did you have a live arm when you were four or five? Did you impress these guys with anything when you would be at the field?
BELLINGER: I think I had a decent swing. Like I said, I don't remember, but there were a lot of players who said that I didn't get my swing from my dad. I didn't really know what that meant when I was younger, but now I kind of do.
TPG: You were born in Arizona, and you lived in Arizona. Were you a Diamondbacks fan for a little bit early on or were you a Yankees fan because that's where your Dad played?
BELLINGER: I was always a Yankees fan.
TPG: So, the 2001 World Series was not a conflict for you?
BELLINGER: Yeah, we were all there, sitting in the stands. I remember flying back on that airplane was pretty tough. It was quiet, pretty depressing. But they won the three years before that, so it wasn't too bad.
TPG: That was after Game 7?
BELLINGER: Yeah, after Game 7 we flew back to New York. All the families were on there and it was kind of weird.
TPG: You were 6 years old at the time. Was that your first experience of losing? I grew up a Yankees fan and I'm not that much older than you. I didn't realize until that game that the Yankees could lose. Like, I didn't think it was a thing that happened.
BELLINGER: It was weird. Honestly, they were a powerhouse. They were still a powerhouse that year, they just got upset a little bit. And I don't know if they knew how to deal with it. That Game 7 was tough to swallow for a lot of people.
TPG: Your dad was on such great teams, around such great Hall of Fame players. Going into the playoffs, has he told you anything about how to handle yourself? Obviously, you know how to play Major League Baseball, but it's a bit of a different game. It's more of a sprint. There's a bit more on the line in every at-bat. What has he said?
BELLINGER: Yeah, there is. He honestly told me to treat it like any regular-season game. Sometimes during the regular season, you can kind of relax a little bit, and like you said, every at-bat is a little bit more important, but at the end of the day, it's still the same game I've been playing since tee-ball, so I'm going to try to have fun with it and who knows, it could be a once in a lifetime experience, you never know, so you just got to enjoy it.
TPG: How do you guys feel, the Dodgers? You were so hot for so long and then cooled off at the end of the season. How have you guys been able to right that ship and field some momentum again, going into October?
BELLINGER: It was a weird time. We won a lot, we couldn't lose, then we couldn't win. Good thing for us we have a lot of veterans on our team and now for us that the regular season is over, we're ready for October, it should be a fun time.
TPG: You mentioned veterans. One guy that had a tough end to the year is Adrian Gonzalez, and you're playing first base right now. What has your relationship been like with him? Obviously, he's late in his career, battling some injuries, versus you, coming in fresh as a youngster.
BELLINGER: I think that some people think that it would be awkward, but it wasn't at all. He was unbelievable to me, starting in spring training. He kind of told me some stuff, how to handle myself in certain situations up here. Unfortunately, he ended with the back injury. That's a big blow because we're a good team with him, but he's been awesome to me, in all aspects of the game.
TPG: Are you taking grounders at first base at batting practice and he's in your ear out there? Has become like a bit of a coach? What has he been like the last week?
BELLINGER: Yeah, there was definitely some player-coaching, and I was blessed to have that. He didn't have to do that for me. I think for him, he's had such a great career and he's very knowledgeable, so he wanted to pass on what he knows to me.
TPG: The Dodgers have such a mix of veterans and youngsters. How has that been a good team for you to start your MLB career on?
BELLINGER: It's great. I blend well with the young guys and then the older guys like Utley, Andre Ethier and Justin Turner. They're all there to help you win and help you succeed in the game and honestly, it's a blessing.
TPG: There are a lot of Mets fans around these parts who are not the biggest Chase Utley fans in the world. What type of guy is he like off the field?
BELLINGER: The best. You've heard it, and I got to experience it this year. He's the best teammate I've had. He's watching video all the time, making sure that I'm eating right with the proper nutrition, and honestly, when he's at second base, it's awesome playing first base.
TPG: How do you be a 22-year-old kid in LA while also being an MLB superstar?
BELLINGER: You've got to enjoy it, man. Everyone tells me how fast it goes. I didn't believe it until last season ended a couple days ago, and I was like, "My first season in the big leagues is already done." They just tell me to enjoy it as much as I can and not take anything for granted.
TPG: The Little League World Series was on a month ago or so. You played in it. Do you watch it every year?
BELLINGER: Yeah, absolutely. It always brings back great memories. I think it's a great event. I know some people think it sucks because the baseball is so bad, but it's an awesome time for those kids and the people around it.
TPG: The baseball is fun. It's quick. It's the umpires who sometimes make questionable calls.
BELLINGER: Yeah. They are not the best, but they are all volunteers so you've got to be nice to them.
TPG: Have you met an MLB player who played with or against your father and has mentioned that?
BELLINGER: A lot of people. There are a few guys that are still playing, and a lot of them are coaching. A lot of umpires that are still umpiring tell me, "Hey, I had your dad. Now I feel pretty old." I make a lot of people feel old.
TPG: What do they say about him?
BELLINGER: They tell me that he was a great guy. He played the game the right way, so I try to embody that a little bit.
TPG: Who was your favorite player growing up?
BELLINGER: It was [Derek] Jeter, for sure.
TPG: How much did you talk to him, between your dad being a Yankee and you making it to the Major Leagues?
BELLINGER: I would say maybe once or twice. He's a busy man, so you don't want to bother him too much.
TPG: Have you talked to him at all this year?
BELLINGER: No, I haven't, but I saw Joe Torre a few times around the field. The Mussinas have reached out. It's pretty cool to see who still keeps in touch.
TPG: Do you have pictures of Joe Torre holding you on his lap in like 1999 or something?
BELLINGER: I'm sure my mom has a few pictures around the house.
TPG: You're working with MET-Rx now. Why pick a nutritional supplements brand like that?
BELLINGER: For me, like you said, being the young guy, it's a long season. You need the proper nutrients. You need the proper equipment. They have everything you want. They have the Big 100 bars that I can eat whenever I want. I keep them in my bag and in my locker. And you've still got to work out during the whole season, so you need the proper protein that's going to keep you fresh and healthy, so those were the biggest reasons for me.
TPG: What's your fitness like? In the gym, are you someone that's pounding away iron or are you one of those guys like Allen Iverson, who once said he didn't lift because "that s*** was too heavy."
BELLINGER: I'm pretty skinny. I try to lift, but it's hard for me to keep the weight on. That's also why I partnered with these guys. They have the proper ingredients in their stuff to help me keep on weight and stay healthy.
TPG: You're doing all right without being totally jacked out of your mind, Cody. Good luck in the playoffs. Maybe we will see you in New York for the World Series.
BELLINGER: That'd be cool.
-- Follow Jeff Eisenband on Twitter @JeffEisenband. Like Jeff Eisenband on Facebook.
Christa Couture knows that representation is powerful. So when she couldn't find any maternity photos depicting women with disabilities, she decided to make her own. Couture is an amputee with one leg, which she lost during her battle with cancer. She says she's proud of her body and enjoys her prosthetic, where its cheerful floral features have become one of her favorite accessories. But when she Googled "pregnancy and disability," almost no photos showed up — in fact, the majority of them were stock photos or pictures of non-disabled women, which she says erased her experience completely.
"There aren't a ton of one-legged people out there, true, but it wasn't just that I didn't see any amputees in maternity photos — I didn't see any kind of disability. At all," Couture shared in her article for CBC Parents. "It turns out maternity photo shoots, like the rest of the depictions of women readily available, abound with thin, white bodies. And there's nothing wrong with those beautiful bodies, but they don't look like mine."
When she became pregnant, she was excited to take part in the tradition of getting her photo taken half-naked in black and white, her hand on her belly, and her smile pointed at the very wanted baby that she was about to meet. But if she didn't see herself represented in the media, it was almost like being told that she couldn't do it, or like motherhood as someone with a disability wasn't possible or never done before. And that was a daunting message to receive.
"I wasn't shocked at the results when I looked for women with disabilities in maternity photos, but I was disheartened — like I was holding on to a hope that I might be pleasantly surprised. Visible disability seems to be one of the hardest things to find when it comes to diversity in representation," Couture shares with Bustle.
"I think people with disabilities are constantly told that they can't do things — in direct ways and in the exclusion from everyday narratives in magazines, movies, sitcoms, advertising etc. So many of us in marginalized groups are," Couture adds. "Intellectually I knew I — as a disabled person — could parent, but a voice of doubt told me that if I couldn't find anyone else who was doing it, maybe they all knew something I didn't. Once I found a few examples, I realized how desperately I needed that vote of confidence. I needed to know it was in fact possible. I needed to see it."
Determined to make sure other women and families didn't experience this disappointing lack in representation, she enlisted the help of photographer Jen Squires, whose self portrait series entitled “Vitiligo” proved to Couture that she could capture body differences in a beautiful and celebratory light.
The two got to work together in the studio, and for Couture it was important for her to take off her prosthesis for some of the photos in order to fully celebrate and accept her body. It was a powerful statement, but that didn't mean she wasn't nervous about doing it.
"For a long time, I thought my amputated leg — my stump — was ugly," Couture says. "I really struggled to like that part of my body. I would be so totally body positive about everyone else but feel incredibly self-conscious of my stump's shape and its scars. In just the last couple years, I started to feel more empowered by this unique part of me, and I wanted to do photos without my prosthesis to in some way cement that."
She says the photoshoot helped her officially celebrate this part of her body, with the added bonus of helping to normalize limbs that look like hers.
The end result was a beautiful and moving series of photos of a mom-to-be whose powerful body was about to bring a kid into the world. And sharing those photos wasn't just about filling a void in representation, but it was a direct message to other people with disabilities which showed that there are other people who look like them and have the same lived experiences as them, and that they are thriving, happy, and living a normal, fulfilled life.
"I hope that disabled women see potential, and for anyone already pregnant or parenting, I hope they see a chance to celebrate what they're doing," Couture shares. "Parenting is challenging for everyone, and having a disability adds to those challenges. I hope seeing these photos makes disabled parents stop and feel good about the ways they're adapting and thriving.
"I hope they know: your difference is powerful — beautiful."
In Delaware, Students (And Parents) Can Soon Choose Their Race And Gender At School
Enlarge this image Angela Hsieh/NPR Angela Hsieh/NPR
When Shyaira Dineen was in first grade, a teacher of hers told her to mark her race as African-American on a standardized test. Dineen remembers that day clearly because she says it confused her. She has a black mother and a white father.
"I didn't argue with her," says the 23-year-old, but she did think it was weird. "Why do I feel like I only have to choose one? You know, if I chose two, would I get in trouble?"
Dineen is now a student at the University of Delaware and says she often thinks about how people might react if she introduced herself as a white woman. "They would be like, 'She's crazy.' "
Last year, after President Donald Trump's administration withdrew guidance on transgender students, Democratic Gov. John Carney issued an executive order to develop a policy protecting minors from discrimination in Delaware.
The administration proposed giving public school students the right to self-identify their race and gender without parental consent. But after facing a tidal wave of backlash, an unparalleled 11,000 comments from people in Delaware and around the country, and threats of legal action, the administration pulled back.
Delaware education officials revised the plan. This time with language to include the need for parental consent and opened the proposal again for public comment.
"We are extremely concerned about the revision," says ACLU of Delaware Executive Director Kathleen McRae. The revisions let schools isolate transgender students by making them use separate bathroom and locker room areas, she says. Civil rights groups have also said the revisions may force schools to out transgender students to unsupportive parents.
But Gov. Carney defends the changes saying that he understands the risks to students, but he also has to respect the rights of parents.
"I think if we start from the idea that every student ought to be cherished and every student ought to be respected, then we're going to end up with a good result," he says.
According to GLSEN, a group that champions LGBTQ issues in K-12 education, 16 states have considered legislation to restrict bathrooms and other gender-segregated facilities based on people's sex at birth. Eighteen states have laws prohibiting bullying based on gender identity, but there aren't any other states that have proposed allowing minors to choose their own race.
In Delaware, that idea divided members of the NAACP. The State NAACP Conference supports it, but President of the Central Delaware NAACP, La Mar Gunn, opposes it. He's also a father.
"I am raising my kid as a strong, young, black male. Period. Does my child have the right to say he's a young white male? Not in my house. No."
Some Delaware high school students are split on the proposed anti-discrimination rule. Amaya Williams, a junior at Mount Pleasant High School, says being mixed race is different than someone switching to their race to something they're not.
"If you're not going through the struggles that a black person faces on a daily basis, there's no way for you to feel black," she says. "You can appreciate black culture, you can have black friends and you can listen to black music, or whatever you do, but you're not black."
Delaware education officials are accepting public comments on the revised anti-discrimination policy through July 6th.
Delaware Public Media's Sophia Schmidt contributed to this story.
A 1-1 stalemate between Bidvest Wits and Kaizer Chiefs did neither side's cause any good as Chiefs slipped well behind Mamelodi Sundowns in the title race and Wits stayed firmly among the relegation candidates.
Ryan Moon had the visitors ahead at half-time, against the run of play, but Lehlohonolo Majoro equalised early on in the second half against his old club.
Chiefs are now seven points behind Sundowns with 10 games left to place in the season while Wits climbed just one place to 13th but just two points above second last position.
Wits, coming into the game with improved form, dominated the first half, forcing eight corners and regularly sitting inside Chiefs third but the quality of their final ball was poor and when they did get a chance from a cross out wide the headers inside the penalty area when wide, notably from Bongani Khumalo and Buhle Mkhwanazi.
Chiefs barely got out of their own half with a tight reign kept on Siphiwe Tshabalala and Philani Zulu.
But when Wits did slack off on the pressing on Tshabalala they got caught cold. The veteran winger was given just enough time in the 41st minute to provide a perfect cross from the left hand side which Moon attacked with some vigour to head home in style for his third goal in AmaKhosi colours since his preseason move from Maritzburg.
James Keane had a chance to equalise in the 49th minute after being set up by a darting run from man-of-the-match Daylon Classen but pushed his effort wide.
Sifiso Hlanti provided the cross for Majoro to head home a text book header for the 54th equaliser.
Chiefs proved more competitive in the closing stages with Leonardo Castro putting fellow substitute Siphelele Ntshangase clear in the 84th minute but Darren Keet made a fine stop with his feet.
Itumeleng Khune made a good save to deny Wits with the last kick of game from Frank Mhango.
Other PSL results:
SuperSport United 4-2 Bloemfontein Celtic
Free State Stars 2-0 Baroka fc
With the present looking absolutely dismal for the New York Mets, a look to the future is about all that the fans have to look forward to these days. One part of the Mets' future could be first baseman Peter Alonso, who has absolutely raked in the minor leagues this season. Alonso, who was recently promoted to AAA Las Vegas, will represent the Mets at the Star Futures Game on Sunday, July 15th in Washington, D.C.
Between AA Binghamton and AAA Las Vegas, Alonso has hit .290 with 18 homers and 67 RBI's, a strong surge that has made him a factor at first base in the Mets' future plans. Alonso hasn't been as quick to adjust to the AAA level, hitting only .203 in 59 at bats for the 51's, but he has a three homer game under his belt and has driven in 15 runs in 16 games. The Pacific Coast League is also extremely hitter friendly, so Alonso's average figures to tick up as he gets used to the pitchers in the league. Alonso absolutely dominated AA to start the season, hitting .314 with 15 homers and 52 RBI's for the Rumble Ponies, so the talent is clearly there. It will be nice to see Alonso representing the USA at the Futures Game, and he is the only Mets' prospect who was chosen to attend.
Richard A. Guidetti, 72, of Milford, loving husband of over 52 years to Darlene Spahn Guidetti, passed away peacefully on April 9, 2017.
He was born on February 9, 1945 in Lyndhurst, N.J. to the late Anthony and Frances Risco Guidetti.
Rich attended high school at the Bordentown Military Institute and went on to attend Montclair State University where he was awarded his Bachelor's Degree. He was a member of the Knights of Columbus in New Jersey since he was 18-years-old, and joined the Tinto Counsel upon his moving to Milford in 1972. He was a chemist for many companies over his working years.
Rich found so much joy while fishing and spending time out on his boat. He also enjoyed his Corvette and being a part of Club Corvette of CT. However, Rich's greatest love was being surrounded by his family, especially his grandchildren.
In addition to his wife, Darlene, Rich is survived by his daughters, Deborah (Michael) Guidetti-Gerwien, Dawn (Mark) Katrick and Antoinette (Fabrizio) Guerra; grandchildren, Justin (Shannon) and Nicholas Gerwien, Mitchell and Jessica Katrick and Jordan and Gabriella Guerra; and his brother, Jeffrey Guidetti; Rich was predeceased by his brother, Stephen Guidetti.
A Mass of Christian Burial will be held on Saturday, April 22, 2017 at 11 a.m. at St. Mary Church, 70 Gulf St., Milford, CT. Interment will follow at St. Mary Cemetery, Buckingham Ave., Milford, CT. Friends and family may call on Saturday, April 22, 2017 from 9 a.m. to 10:15 a.m. at the CODY-WHITE FUNERAL HOME, 107 Broad St., Milford, CT.
To leave online condolences, please visit our website at www.codywhitefuneralservice.com.
Forbes recently released its list of the world's highest paid YouTube stars 2017. British gamer Daniel Middleton, who goes by the username DanTDM, finished at number one with $16.5 million (₹106 crore) in earnings, dethroning fellow gamer PewDiePie. You probably also know some other famous names on the list like Markiplier, Logan and Jake Paul and your girl Superwoman/Lily Singh. But the one YouTuber whom you (probably) haven't watched yet – unless you're a new father – is the one you should get to know: six-year-old Ryan.
Ryan, the face of the YouTube channel Ryan ToysReviews, made $11 million (₹70.81 crore) from sales off his channel. Ryan ToysReviews has over 10 million subscribers – subscribers which, according to a report carried by The Verge, earn Ryan and his family $1 million a month from revenue generated through advertising. As per statistics released by TubeFilter, a leading vlog that analyzes online video content creators, Ryan ToysReviews had overtaken both Justin Bieber and PewDiePie (who was then the most-watched and -subscribed to YouTuber) as early as September 2016. Pegged as YouTube's youngest vlogging success story, the six-year-old began his journey in March 2015 when, after watching other toy reviews – which were initially only done by adults – he asked his parents why he couldn't review toys himself. The answer to that is a video empire that's gone from simple homespun toy reviewing productions to videos of the boy's life beyond him ‘unboxing' toys.
Though the first few months of posting content online didn't translate into too many views Ryan and his family saw overnight success when one of their videos from July 2015 featuring him cracking open a ‘toy egg' which contained over 100 cars when viral. Watch it below:
Over the course of two years, the six-year-old has gone from being an average American kid to a star in his own right – one who is highly sought after by toymakers and children's content producers alike to endorse their brand/products; because who else to preach to kids than a child himself? The homemade production value of his reviews, coupled with his age and the direct connect he is able to make with his viewers (often from the same age group) affords him a unique air of authenticity. The insane number of views and subscribers on Ryan's channel have him tied for eighth place on the list of the highest paid YouTubers in the world along with Smosh, a sketch-comedy duo. It's his first time on the list but from the looks of how fast he's going, it won't be long before he's at #1.
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
This rich 15-year-old Dubai kid was flying first class on a ticket worth over ₹19 lakh
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala made ₹875 crore in a single day thanks to just one share, here's how he did it
Bitcoin: If you had invested ₹386 in bitcoin in 2010 this is how rich you would be
> More on Get Smart
Many Indian industries are heavily dependent on petcoke imported from the US, even as American companies themselves do not use the “dirty” fuel, which emits more greenhouse gases than coal.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — Dealing a blow to US companies that heavily export Petroleum Coke (Petcoke) to India, the Narendra Modi-led government has decided to ban the import of this "cheap and dirty by-product of heavy crude" that fuels many Indian industries. Filing an affidavit on Monday before the country's apex court that has been hearing a petition seeking a blanket ban on the use of petcoke by industries, the Indian government said it was willing to ban the import of this product on environmental grounds.
© AP Photo/ Rajanish Kakade India, US Could Scrap Trade Forum Meet This Year
Petcoke generates more heat than coal but emits 11 percent more greenhouse gases. Burning it also emits several times more sulfur dioxide, which causes lung diseases and acid rain. According to official statistics, last year India imported more than 8 million metric tons of petcoke from US refiners even as the US has banned domestic companies from using this by-product of heavy crude.
READ MORE: Economist: US Shale Industry Takes Side of Russia, OPEC
India's Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas has admitted in its affidavit that petcoke should not be used as fuel. The ministry has, however, sought an exemption for the cement and lime industry that uses petcoke as a desulphurizing agent and not as fuel and the power industry that uses the product only once or twice a year.
© AP Photo/ Andy Wong India, Russia and China Could Fight for Free Trade Against US Protectionism
The court had banned the use of petcoke in Delhi and the National Capital Region in October this year to curb air pollution, which hovered at life-threatening levels. The Supreme Court of India will continue to hear the current matter on December 13 during which it is expected to deliver its final order on banning the use of petcoke across the country.
The ‘Metabo Law' was enacted in 2008 in an effort to fight obesity in Japan where companies and government organisations had to measure the waistline of their employees above 40 to ensure that they fall within the safe limits prescribed by law. Having a waistline measurement above 33.5 inches for men and 35.4 inches for women is considered overweight and the people falling above this limit will have to attend counselling and medical sessions to target the problem.
5. Restrictions on baby names in Denmark What most parents take for granted is restricted by law in countries such as Denmark and Iceland where your baby's name should be chosen from a government pre-approved list of names. A girl named Blaer in Iceland was referred to as ‘Girl' in all her official documents simply because Blaer was not considered a feminine name. The courts intervened later and ruled that it could be used as a name. Just imagine Blaer's parents - "A Girl has no name." (We had to, you know we had to) 6. World Wide Web in North Korea Social media sites have been banned completely or restricted for short periods in many countries such as the United Kingdom, Bangladesh, Iran, China, Turkey and other countries depending on political and economic situations. While in most countries, people access blocked or banned sites through proxy servers, North Korea makes this impossible with it own internal internet called Kwangmyong, which does not require you to connect to the worldwide web. 7. Claire Danes and Alec Baldwin in Philippines Claire Danes is banned from the Philippines. It came after her controversial remarks about the country, her movies were banned from being released in the Philippines in 1999 and the president at the time, Joseph Estrada, even went so far as to ban her entry to the country. Another celebrity banned here is actor, producer and comedian, Alec Baldwin, following his joke about mail order brides on the David Letterman show in 2009. 8. Blue Jeans in North Korea has always considered anything American as propaganda, and jeans were among the items which stood for American capitalism. Though black jeans are slowly finding its way in to the market, blue denim jeans are still frowned upon in the totalitarian country. 9. Flip Flops in Capri, Italy While flip-flops are always frowned upon in this fashion-centric country, there are various laws which completely prohibit wearing flip-flops, low waist jeans and mini skirts in certain areas. There is an explicit disapproval of ‘noisy footwear' which was proven when a tourist couple in Capri, Italy, was fined for wearing noisy flip flops. 10. Chewing gum in Singapore Chewing gum cannot be imported, sold or used in Singapore. Though rules have eased up slightly to accommodate tourists, it is better to not have more than two packs on you when you enter the country. More from Community 10 unusual bans across the world
How to choose a wedding gown for your body type
Rent one-bed apartments at Dh45,000 or less
5 places in Dubai to buy shoes for Dh35 or less
TORONTO — A Toronto writer's tweet relating her sexual harassment at the hands of an employer has sparked an online outpouring of similar stories, a discussion she says is the first step in tackling a culture in which such abuses are pervasive.
Anne T. Donahue put out a call for such stories on Twitter in light of sexual harassment allegations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, which were published Thursday in The New York Times. Among them are accusations that he sexually harassed actresses, including Ashley Judd, and former employees.
Weinstein has said he is taking a leave of absence from his company and acknowledged he has behaved poorly, but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a "vendetta" against him. The Times has said it is confident in the accuracy of its reporting.
"Reading that Harvey Weinstein piece, it was familiar and exhausting in that I think many of us have come to recognize patterns of abuse of power, whether in our own lives or in the lives of friends and family or even in government," Donahue said.
Donahue, a culture writer, said she decided to share her story — she was a 17-year-old co-op student at a radio station when her boss insisted on massaging her shoulders — in case it could reassure even one other person who went through something similar that they weren't to blame.
Over roughly 24 hours, her tweet was shared close to 2,500 times and drew almost as many online responses, many of them from others disclosing their own experiences of sexual harassment.
Some mentioned incidents dating back to high school or earlier, others described being cornered by coworkers or bosses. Not all the stories were from women.
Donahue, 32, said she wasn't surprised by the volume of replies, but rather by their sincerity. Though there were a few dissidents, the tone was overwhelmingly supportive, she said.
Having men talk about the harassment they have endured was also important, she said, noting that sexual violence affects all genders.
"This was sincere, firsthand experiences and it immediately created a space in which people began to feel comfortable sharing," she said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A glitzy ­townhouse once home to Mary Poppins star Julie Andrews is for sale at £24million.
The singer and actress, who played Maria von Trapp in The Sound of Music, lived in the 7,000 sq/ft West End pad with director husband Blake Edwards in the 1970s.
The six-bed property has been fully refurbished and boasts a lift, cinema, health spa, gym and jacuzzi.
Chester Square, which is named after the Duke of Westminster's ancestral home, is one of the finest addresses in Belgravia, central London.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
Over the years the square has been home to Roman Abramovich, Margaret Thatcher, Nigella Lawson, Mick Jagger and various foreign Royals.
Until recently, Julie Andrews' old property was home to a wealthy Argentinian family but it has just been fully refurbished and modernised by Saigol DDC.
The property has now been put on the market with Rokstone for £24 million.
It boasts six bedrooms, large entertaining rooms, lift, cinema and a health spa with gym, jacuzzi, steam room and sauna.
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
There is also a separate mews house - ideal for a nanny - with a media room, living room/study, rooftop terrace and garage.
Becky Fatemi, managing director of Rokstone, said: “Chester Square is a beautiful and leafy residential garden square set in the heart of Belgravia.
“The elegant stuccoed houses are amongst the most exclusive and sought after addresses in Prime Central London.
“Developer Saigol DDC has created a magnificent new residence behind the retained period facade, a truly distinctive family home of the highest quality.
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: SWNS.com)
“It is perfect as a London base for a discerning buyer looking for a home with an abundance of bedrooms and space to entertain.”
The elegant property was built in 1835-36 by renowned developer Joseph Cundy to designs by architect Thomas Cubitt.
The main house has a Doric entrance portico, tall sash windows and first floor balconette, with a mews house with garaging to the rear.
During the 1970s, Blake Edwards directed and produced the legendary Pink Panther movies including The Return of the Pink Panther, The Pink Panther Strikes Again and Revenge of the Pink Panther.
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
The grand ground floor entrance hall leads to the staircase and seven person passenger lift.
There is a 12-14 seat formal dining room and family kitchen and breakfast room are located off the entrance hall.
The first floor features a double reception room, dual aspect with high ceilings.
To the front facade, two sets of French doors open onto a walk-on balconette overlooking the garden square, to the rear French doors open onto a large south facing garden terrace.
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
Across the terrace is the sliding glassed walled living/study of the rear mews property, surmounted by a rooftop terrace with bbq.
The master bedroom suite has its own private floor on the second level, with bedroom lined with fitted wardrobes, walk-in dressing room and master bathroom.
On the two upper floors are four further bedroom suites, all with ensuite facilities.
On the lower ground floor is the health spa, with gymnasium, jacuzzi, sauna and steam room.
There is also a sixth bedroom suite, opening onto a sunken patio, and a 138 sq/ft wine cellar with large humidor along with a utility room/staff kitchenette.
Ottawa has some of the best museums in the world.
And – if you plan ahead – you can get into many of them for free.
Watch the video to find out how.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mark Salling's cause of death has been confirmed two days after he was found dead near his home in Los Angeles.
According to the Los Angeles Coroner, the Glee star died from from asphyxia by hanging and it was death by suicide, reports TMZ.
The case is now closed.
The actor, best known for starring as Noah Puckerman in Glee, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to the possession of child sex abuse images last December.
Salling's body was discovered by a riverbed in Sunland-Tujunga, Los Angeles, earlier this week.
(Image: Splash)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Before his body was discovered on Tuesday, the actor had been on bail after 50,000 child abuse images were found in his possession.
He was expected to receive his sentencing in March this year.
The actor, who shot to fame on the hit Fox show, struck a plea deal in the case in October.
Under the deal, prosecutors agreed that the appropriate sentence for Salling would be four to seven years in prison, with 20 years of supervised release, according to US reports.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty)
Police were reportedly tipped off about the images on his computer by one of his ex-girlfriends.
He was arrested in December 2015 and later released on bail for $20,000.
The case was then passed onto federal authorities when police realised the severity of the images.
As part of Salling's release, he was registered as a sex offender and not allowed to live within view of any school yards, parks, public swimming pools, playgrounds, video arcades, or any other places that are regularly visited by people under the age of 18.
* Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org
Do you hear what I hear? It's a question that got the nation talking — talking about Yanny vs. Laurel.
Shortly after a viral audio recording left people wondering why some heard "Yanny" and others clearly heard "Laurel," we learned that what you heard has less to do with your auditory system and more to do with the brain.
And the saga continues: A new Northwestern University study has found that bilingual and monolingual people listening to the same person speaking can hear two completely different sounds.
The research shows that one's language experience affects even the most basic cognitive processes, according to Viorica Marian, a professor of communication sciences and disorders and psychology at Northwestern University.
"With Yanny and Laurel, our brain interprets the sound differently depending on how the neurons fire in our brain and based on the history of our linguistic experiences," Marian said.
"We classify the sound waves that come into our ear into linguistic categories that we are familiar with, so we hear a very categorical sound — what happens is the brain interprets the input that comes to us from our senses and transforms it into our perceived reality."
Your previous auditory and linguistic experience influences how you perceive the sound around you — the world around you — she said.
Case in point: If you find accents easy to understand, you may have taken music lessons at some point in your life. Marian said learning the language of music can change the way your brain processes sound.
And if you thought Yanny and Laurel were perplexing, scope out the McGurk effect — wherein what you see affects what you hear.
For example, when people hear a speech sound (e.g. "ba") that conflicts with what they see (e.g. "ga"), they will often perceive a completely different sound (e.g. "da").
Her father, Domenic Scopelliti, 54, is charged with murder in Zito's shooting death.
“What did your grandfather do for work before he retired?” defence lawyer Morgan Ross asked Zito's granddaughter, Maria Scopelliti, 24, at the University Ave. courthouse Tuesday.
Alleged mob boss Rocco Zito had $1 million in the bank, but how he earned it was a mystery to some close family members, court heard.
Zito was shot to death on Jan. 29, 2016 in the brick bungalow he shared with eight relatives on Playfair Ave. near Caledonia Rd. and Lawrence Ave. W.
Court has heard that the mortgage on Zito's home was paid off and he had hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash stashed in his home, in addition to the seven-figure bank account.
“I know it was an investment account,” Maria Scopelliti said of the $1 million in the bank. “We would get statements monthly.”
“Did you ever know your grandparents to be legitimately employed?” Ross asked.
“I don't know,” she replied.
Laura Scopelliti, daughter of Zito and the former wife of the accused, said her father once told her he had worked as a tile salesman.
Maria Scopelliti said she only learned by reading news reports after his death that her grandfather was considered a senior organized crime member and had a criminal record that included manslaughter in a debt collection.
The agreed statement of facts in the case notes that Zito was convicted of manslaughter in October 1986 in a killing over a debt.
“It was suspected that throughout his life he had been, and remained at the time of his death, a figure of significant power and authority within organized crime, specifically the Italian Mafia,” the agreed statement of fact said. “Further to his reputation, it was generally known and understood that throughout his adult life, Mr. Zito had access to weapons, including firearms and ammunition.”
Maria Scopelliti described her grandfather as a confused, often angry man in his final years.
“He was experiencing some early signs of dementia,” she told court. “Almost every night wandering around confused .”
She said her grandfather could still walk but avoided stairs and that he also suffered from severe diabetic attacks.
He had taken to sleeping on a couch rather than his bed because he found it more comfortable, she said.
She described her mother, Laura Scopelliti, as the primary caregiver in the home, taking care of Zito, his wife Giuseppa, and daughter Franca, who coped with schizophrenia and manic depression.
Caring for the home's residents was a major challenge, court heard.
“The brunt of it fell on your mother?” asked Crown attorney Anna Stanford.
“Yes,” Maria Scopelliti said.
Court heard Domenic Scopelliti lived in the family home with his ex-wife and four children in Zito's home.
Maria Scopelliti said she did not hear gunshots the day her grandfather was shot dead. She said she was taking a nap and was awoken by screaming and crying.
She said her grandfather, lying motionless on the floor, was surrounded by screaming, crying women.
She said her grandmother, Giuseppa, sobbed by Zito's body, ignoring police requests to leave.
“She was not leaving my grandfather's side,” she said. “She was just crying over him.”
“She was shouting his name. ‘My Rocco! Disgraceful act.'”
She said her grandmother had Alzheimer's disease and appeared to forget the shooting of her husband just hours later.
While this weekend's wintery wallop may have snowmobilers revving their engines again, many trails across Grey-Bruce remain closed.
But the good news for snowmobilers in the region was that trails have started to open again after last month's thaw closed them all down across the region. As of noon on Saturday some trails had opened on the northern portion of the Bruce Peninsula.
“The only riding opportunities we thought that would be available in District 9 for the weekend was in the Tobermory area,” said Karen Buratynski, manager of Ontario Federation of Snowmobile Clubs District 9, which includes all of Grey-Bruce. “Since then we have also had the Central Peninsula Club able to open most of their trails.”
With the new openings, which came in about 7 a.m. on Saturday, sledders can now ride from Howdenvale north on the west side of the peninsula and from Waugh Road north on the east side. They can also get into Lion's Head. And there will hopefully be some more good news for snowmobilers in the region in the near future.
“I have also had notification from clubs in and around there that they are going to be able to get out and start to groom,” Buratynski said.
The weather conditions in recent days, with very cold temperatures and a return of the snowfall, have been a big help to the trails and the clubs who maintain them. But Buratynski said people see the snow and the whiteouts, like Grey-Bruce has seen in recent days, and they think the trails should be open, but there are more factors that go into getting the trails ready.
“We need the cold to go with the snow in order to freeze everything up,” said Buratynski. “We also need actual snowfall, and what we often get unfortunately is snow in the sky that is blowing around, which causes whiteouts, but also doesn't settle or amount to anything on the trail.”
Buratynski said the clubs require cold temperatures, accumulation and little wind, so that the snow can be groomed in order to create a base on the trails.
The reason the trails on the peninsula have been able to open again so soon after the warmer temperatures, is because many of them are through protected or forested areas, and did not get the weathering that trails that crossed fields and open areas did.
“Although they got the rain and the warmth it didn't penetrate the bush trails as much as those that were completely exposed,” said Buratynski. “They were able to get to work right away and reopen, while some of the other clubs are just going to have to wait a little bit longer because the base needs to be completely rebuilt through fields.”
The long-range forecast was looking promising for cold-weather activities in the region. After a bit of a warm-up to a high of -1 Celcius on Saturday, all of next week had forecasted daytime highs of -7 C or colder. And there was a chance of snow each day as well.
“Long-range looks amazing,” said Buratynski. “If it continues to go as forecasted we are going to have a really great season.”
This year, District 9 includes approximately 2,900 kilometres of trails across all of Grey-Bruce, as well as the northern parts of Huron, Perth and Wellington counties.
Snowmobilers are urged to check the map on the OFSC website at www.ofsc.on.ca before they head out to see which trails are open. During the snowmobiling season the site is updated whenever trail status changes, including on the weekends.
Russian leader saysVladimir Putin has ordered the withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria, Moscow's state news agencies are reporting.Accompanied by defence minister Sergey Shoygu,He said the two countries' forces would respond with power strikes if "terrorists raise their heads" in Syria.Addressing Russian servicemen gathered at the base, he said: "The task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has for the most part, been solved and solved spectacularly. I congratulate you!"You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier."In the televised speech, Mr Putin said he had ordered the military to withdraw a "significant part" of the Russian contingent in Syria."Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you," he said.Mr Putin, who confirmed last week he would seek re-election in 2018, also announced that Russia would keep its Hmeymim air base in the Latakia Province as well as its naval facility at Tartous "on a permanent basis".The visit marks Mr Putin's first trip to Syria and comes as the Assad regime's forces have retaken control over most of Syria under Russian air cover.The air base has served as the main foothold for the air campaign Russia has waged since September 2015 in support of Mr Assad.
MINNEAPOLIS—Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher terrorized opposing offences from the middle of the field. Randy Moss and Terrell Owens did the same to defences on the outside. The two hard-hitting linebackers and two big-play receivers highlighted an eight-person class voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday. Safety Brian Dawkins also received at least 80 per cent support from the 47 Hall of Fame voters, along with contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile. But the biggest stars of the class are the two linebackers that made it on their first tries, and the pair of lightning-rod receiver who sometimes caused as many problems for their own teams as for the opposition. Moss also made it on his first try, while Owens needed to wait for his third year on the ballot to get enough support. Moss and Owens each played for five teams in their careers as they often wore out their welcome with their inability to get along with teammates and coaches at times. But at their best, there were few players ever able to strike fear in defences as much as Moss and Owens, who were both all-decade selections for the 2000s.
Article Continued Below
Moss burst on the scene as a rookie in Minnesota in 1998 when he caught a league-leading 17 TD catches and helped lead the Vikings to the NFC title game. His combination of speed and athleticism made him the game's most dangerous big-play threat and led to the phrase “You got Mossed” for embarrassed defensive backs. He led the NFL in TD catches five times, including his record 23 for New England in 2007, and earned four All-Pro selections. He finished his career with 982 catches for 15,292 yards and ranks second all-time with 156 TD receptions. Owens entered the league as a third-round pick by San Francisco in 1996 but developed into a star known for some memorable playoff appearances, including his winning 25-yard TD catches to beat Green Bay in 1999; his 177 yards in a comeback win against the Giants in 2003; and his nine catches for 122 yards in the 2004 Super Bowl against New England just seven weeks after breaking his leg.
The smash hit PC game of the year, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, or PUBG for short, has made its way to Xbox for a console exclusive. Right now its in preview form, so I definitely need to put out the disclaimer that this game is in development, so things will definitely improve. For those of us who've played on PC, there's naturally going to be an adjustment period to get comfortable with the controller in place of the more precise keyboard and mouse and as you'll see in my first try (only managed #75), I suck right now.
In terms of visuals, the game on Xbox is only 5.2GB in size, compared to around 100GB for other modern titles, its tiny. I really hope there are upgrades coming, because what is a fairly tidy looking piece of art on the PC, this Xbox One X Enhanced title, doesn't look that great if I'm really honest. It's supposed to be in 4K, in HDR, but colours look washed out and environment textures lack detail. While the game certainly needed to scale to be possible on the original Xbox One the ‘enhanced' updates we're now familiar with, needs to arrive for those with and Xbox One X to realise the latest console's potential.
All things considered, PUBG on the Xbox is basically what you'd expect. All the fun of a 3rd person shooter, that delivers the reliability and consistency of the console. There's definitely something to be said for being able to play the game n the largest screen in the house and casually grab the controller for a session during the ad breaks. Only problem is, you're likely to get immersed in survival and forget about your TV show.
PUBG is a great, albeit frustrating game at times, but being on the Xbox means console-only houses will now get an opportunity to enjoy it.
BRISBANE, Australia — Tim Puetz and late call-up Jan-Lennard Struff gave Germany a 2-1 lead over Australia in their first-round Davis Cup World Group match, beating Matt Ebden and John Peers 6-4, 6-7 (1), 6-2, 6-7 (4), 6-4 in doubles on Saturday.
Puetz and Struff broke the Australians' service in the seventh game of the fifth set, then saved two break points of their own in the eighth before Puetz served out the match to love two games later.
Struff replaced Peter Gojowczyk, who was originally scheduled to partner Puetz in Saturday's rubber.
On Friday, Alexander Zverev gave Germany a 1-0 lead with a 7-5, 4-6, 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (4) win over Alex de Minaur before Nick Kyrgios levelled for Australia with a 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 win over Struff.
Mr. Speaker, a strong labour market is critical to the Northwest Territories' economic future. We know what jobs are in demand, and we are focused on preparing residents for those opportunities.
Through our Skills 4 Success actions, we are seeing progress in developing an educated, productive and thriving labour force that will meet the needs of the territory's economy and meet our mandate commitment to improve labour market outcomes.
Mr. Speaker, a total of 25 former programs have been consolidated and streamlined into 10; program names have been simplified to be more intuitive and easily understood; and program offerings have been categorized into supports for individuals, employers, organizations and communities.
Labour market programs have been redesigned to be more client-focused and reduce duplication. Program staff have streamlined programming, updated program guidelines, and updated intake forms for easier access by individuals, employers and organizations.
These redesigned programs will help employers to find and train the workers they need, and they will assist individuals in accessing the training, skill upgrading, and supports they need to secure employment and advance in the labour market.
Mr. Speaker, communities understand their local labour market needs. They are key partners in bridging employment and training gaps for their residents. We want to work with communities and support them in finding innovative ways to enhance employment opportunities and outcomes.
For this reason, the Small Community Employment Support Program has been redesigned to provide funding through contribution agreements between the Department of Education, Culture and Employment and specific local Designated Authorities.
The Program will now provide small communities and regional centres with the flexibility to establish their own priorities and work with employers to support local employment opportunities. I will be tabling the Small Community Employment Strategy later today.
Mr. Speaker, we are working hard to develop a labour force that will meet the needs of the Territory's economy now and in the future. For some occupations, this includes attracting qualified individuals to fill critical labour shortages. The Northwest Territories Nominee Program helps support employers to fill workforce gaps with skilled foreign nationals when there are no local or Canadian workers available.
Mr. Speaker, this suite of programs has aligned its goals under the Skills 4 Success strategy. We are focused on matching training and education with the labour market in the Northwest Territories; we are ensuring small communities have the programs and supports they require to build the programs they need; and we are attracting people with critical skills to the territory.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Winners and Losers of the 2018 NFL Draft
The NFL Draft
Now that the dust has settled, and the 2018 draft is over and done with, I thought I would take a look at who benefitted the most and who suffered the most from their teams' picks. The 2018 NFL Draft was held between the dates of April 28th-28th. Held in the AT&T Stadium in Texas, all 32 teams came together to select the talents that they think will help take their team make it to the next level.
A total of 256 players were selected over 7 rounds of picks, with 32 being made on the first day. The Baltimore Ravens had the most selections in this year's draft with 12, whereas the Tennessee Titans had the fewest, with just 4 new players added to their roster.
With numerous struggling teams desperate to find their franchise QB, this year's draft was only the third draft in history where 5 Quarterbacks were selected in the first round. Sam Darnold, Josh Allen, Josh Rosen, Lamar Jackson and Baker Mayfield were all chosen in the first round and all have a chance to top their team's depth charts come to the end of the year.
The draft isn't just about offense though, as this crop of players included numerous difference makers on defense. Bradley Chubb, Denzel Ward, Derwin James and Minkah Fitzpatrick will almost certainly start from the get-go for their respective teams.
Here I take a look at my 3 Winners and 3 Losers from this year's draft and look into the impact the new recruits may have on their teams.
Winners
The Cleveland Browns
Heisman Trophy Presentation - Press Conference
Notable Picks
First Round: 1.01 Baker Mayfield, 1.04 Denzel Ward
Second Round: 2.01 Austin Corbett, 2.03 Nick Chubb
Many people were shocked with the Browns first two selections in this year's draft. The Browns were loaded with draft capital after acquiring picks from the Texans after they traded up for Deshaun Watson last year, and from the Eagles when they traded for Carson Wentz. After passing on those two Quarterbacks who look like they will become elite players in this league, the Browns were desperate to find a franchise QB of their own. They selected Baker Mayfield with the first overall selection.
Rumors got out on draft day that the Browns had Mayfield at the top of their board, ahead of the expert's consensus pick, Sam Darnold. Mayfield, who was the Heisman trophy winner in 2017, will start the season learning the offense behind Tyrod Taylor. As soon as he's acclimatized to this offense, I expect him to push Tyrod for that starting role. Mayfield has a great resume coming out of college. During his time playing for Oklahoma, Mayfield threw for 12,292 yards and 119 TDs, throwing just 21 interceptions in the process.
He had an impressive completion percentage of 69.8% and a 67% completion rate when on the run. He is accurate on short to mid-range passes but excels on passes over 20 yards. His main attribute is his competitive spirit and his leadership. Mayfield is a passionate leader who demands the best out of his fellow players.
Mayfield is walking into the ideal situation in Cleveland. He doesn't have to be rushed into the offense like DeShone Kizer was last year. He can bide his time and grow more comfortable with the playbook, whilst Taylor leads the team for the first half of the season. When he starts, Mayfield will have a wealth of weapons at his disposal. Jarvis Landry was acquired from the Miami Dolphins and immediately signed to a long-term deal.
Landry is a great talent who creates good separation and demands high volume from the slot. Josh Gordon is back in the league and looking in phenomenal shape. If he can find his form from before his ban and stay on the straight and narrow, then the Browns have a top 5 receiver on their hands. They also drafted WR Antonio Callaway in the 4th round.
Callaway, like Gordon, has had his off-field issues. He was one of the most talented receivers in the league, so Browns fans will be hoping he behaves himself and develops into a genuine starter on the outside.
Not to mention, Sophomore Tight End David Njoku who is a premier athlete and could be a star at the position. In Mayfield's hands, the Browns could have a powerful offense for years to come.
The Browns also selected Denzel Ward in the first round. This pick was questioned by many as most people thought they would select Bradley Chubb with that pick. Instead, the Browns decided to get the lockdown corner they needed to help solidify their secondary. Ward will come in immediately and be a difference maker in this defense.
In the second round, the Browns selected OT Austin Corbett, who has big shoes to fill after the retirement of Joe Thomas. I would have preferred to pick Will Hernandez here, but Corbett should be a solid starter from week 1. Running Back Nick Chubb was also selected in the second round.
After the Browns came to their senses and decided to pass on Saquon Barkley with the first overall pick, they chose Chubb to be their Running Back of the future. He should push Carlos Hyde for snaps this year, who will likely be let go after the season concludes.
Gov. Charlie Baker has nominated Michael P. Welsh of Sutton to be an associate justice of the Palmer District Court.
"Having represented clients in criminal, civil, employment and real estate matters, Attorney Welsh will bring experience and knowledge of the law to the District Court bench," Baker said in a statement.
Welsh is the head of litigation at the Law Office of Howard M. Kahalas in Boston, where he has practiced since 2007. He handles criminal, civil, real estate and probate matters.
He previously worked at Rubin, Rubin & Wilcox in Worcester and at the Law Office of Donna Gully-Brown, where he was in-house counsel to Travelers Insurance Company. He had his own practice in North Grafton for 10 years where he represented clients in workers' compensation, criminal defense and personal injury cases.
He holds a law degree from Western New England School of Law and a bachelor's degree in accounting from Assumption College.
Welsh's nomination will now go the Governor's Council for approval.
While the Earth has only warmed around 0.74 degrees Celsius over the last 100 years, this small temperature increase is affecting ocean ecosystems and could impact upon the global marine tourism industry.
Coral reef tourism has a global value of US$36 billion per year, according to a scientific study mapping the global value and distribution of coral reef tourism. This study, published in the Marine Policy journal in August 2017, concluded that 30 percent of the world's reefs are valuable to tourism.
Indonesia has a thriving coral reef tourism industry and also has the second largest manta ray tourism industry in the world, with an annual value of over $15 million.
While coral bleaching events and ocean acidification are well-documented effects of climate change, there are other stressors upon coral reefs that could undermine these valuable tourism industries.
Sea level rises, leading to coastal erosion, plus stronger and more frequent storms typical of the current climate, smother and destroy coral reef structures. Heavy rainfall cause land-based pollutants and nutrients to wash into the ocean, resulting in algal blooms and a reduction in available light at reefs. Changing ocean currents also affect reefs, by altering the connectivity of geographically distant reefs and water temperature profiles. These changes can lead to a lack of food sources and interrupt reef species' ability to breed.
If left unchecked, these complex effects could reduce the value of marine tourism significantly as the quality of world-class Indonesian dive sites and idyllic tourism destinations deteriorate.
Thankfully a new global partnership to conserve the ocean, announced at the World Economic Forum in Switzerland on Jan. 25, should help address this. This new partnership, Friends of Ocean Action, will consist of leaders in science, technology, business and non-governmental groups aiming to deliver the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 14: to conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources.
Individuals can also do their part to minimize the effects of climate change by reducing their carbon footprint. Measures such as driving less, reducing waste and purchasing energy efficient appliances or light bulbs are easy ways to help. Indonesia's coral reefs can be protected with simple measures such as using fewer garden chemicals that may run off into the ocean, choosing sustainable seafood and practicing good reef etiquette.
For those looking to experience and support the marine tourism industry of Indonesia, there are 11,000 uninhabited islands and a wealth of world-class dive sites to choose from. Visitors can support national marine parks directly by choosing responsible tourism operators and ensuring they pay their park fees. Marine park fees are crucial for minimizing the human impact on marine parks, including by providing local subsidies to preserve the reefs and by educating locals and tourists about reef conservation.
Komodo National Park
The Komodo National Park, within the Lesser Sunda Islands, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and covers an area of over 1,700 square kilometers. It has been selected as one of the New 7 Wonders of Nature and its waters are rich with reef life and numerous fish species.
The park contains many small islands, providing a wide variety of dive sites, and water visibility of up to 30 meters.
It is a diver's paradise of healthy reefs and currents that attract mantas, hammerheads, dolphins and mola mola. It is also a perfect destination for a cruise.
Raja Ampat Islands
Raja Ampat, or the Four Kings, is an archipelago of over 1,500 small islands and shoals just off the northwest tip of New Guinea.
It contains the Misool Marine Reserve and Cenderawasih Bay, the largest marine national park in Indonesia. It was declared the most biodiverse place in the world in 2002 and contains more than 500 coral species.
There are plenty of shark species, mantas, turtles and reef dives to enjoy at Raja Ampat and it is best accessed on an Indonesian liveaboard.
Wakatobi
Wakatobi in Southeast Sulawesi is a group of four remote islands in the Banda Sea and is a UNESCO Marine Biosphere Reserve that covers 13,900 sq km. It has been managed successfully as a reserve and, as a result, offers an exceptionally clear underwater environment.
New reefs have formed upon fossilized reefs and the lack of soil erosion provides visibility of up to a depth of 60 m. The fish and coral life are diverse and visitors can see pilot whales from November to March.
Bunaken National Park
Divers visiting Bunaken, in the Sulawesi Sea, can experience 70 percent of all fish species found in the Indo-Western Pacific Ocean. This marine national park has been so successful that many marine parks around the globe model their operations on those at Bunaken.
Five of the seven sea turtle species can be seen there, including the endangered green sea turtle. Dugong sightings are not rare and sperm whales are seasonal visitors in July and August.
It is one of the most diverse sites on Earth along with Raja Ampat.
Gili Islands
The three Gili Islands north of Lombok are well-known for their secluded beaches and healthy reefs. Gili Trawangan, Gili Meno and Gili Air are all within the Gili Matra Marine Natural Recreation Park. Motorized transport is not permitted on the islands and the pristine reefs are supported by mangrove forests.
The reefs have numerous shallow dives, suitable for experienced and beginners, and are home to a variety of colorful hard and soft corals. Reef sharks and manta rays can be enjoyed where the islands disappear into deep waters. (kes)
***
The writer is a diver and writer for Liveaboard.com.
The Viewmont defense wasn't done. In a rare occurrence, the Vikings recorded a second safety, this one coming in the second quarter to help the Vikings take a 12-7 lead into halftime. The two safeties were sandwiched around a 1-yard touchdown run by senior Cameron Brown.
For luxury hotel chains, a few such indicators have led investors to believe that the sector, which has been in the dumps for long, is poised for a turnaround in profitability. Graphic: Naveen Kumar Saini/Mint
In capital-intensive sectors with long payback periods, investors often follow lead indicators that determine growth in times to come.
For luxury hotel chains, a few such indicators have led investors to believe that the sector, which has been in the dumps for long, is poised for a turnaround in profitability.
A presentation by Indian Hotels Co. Ltd says that during the nine months ended December 2017, demand for luxury hotel rooms on a pan-India basis grew 5.6% year-on- year, while supply grew at a slower 3.2%. Data also shows that demand growth has been outpacing supply in luxury hotels since fiscal year 2014 (FY14) and the margin is getting wider.
The steady increase in foreign tourist arrivals over many months and a simultaneous increase in domestic airline passenger traffic are other indicators of better times for hotel firms.
Slowly but surely, the sector is coming out of the supply glut that dragged it into a near- debt trap after the global economic recession in FY09. As hotels revisited and stalled expansion plans, supply accretion slowed down.
As a result, occupancy rates, another lead indicator, rose to an impressive 65-66% from the 58% low it hit a few years ago. Even the revenue earned per average room expanded by a significant 4% year-on-year for the nine months ended December 2017. Such improvement reflects stable demand for rooms that, in turn, leads to higher room tariffs, the key to better profits.
That said, the bane of the hotel sector is the high debt and resulting interest costs that cause significant cash burn during dull times. Investors have been put off by the mounting losses on account of higher depreciation and interest costs even in the case of hotels that post operating profits.
Barring a handful of mid-sized hotel chains, most of them in the listed universe are saddled with debt in the aftermath of the FY09 crisis.
The Street too has been discerning. Stocks of firms such as Oriental Hotels Ltd, EIH Ltd and EIH Associated Hotels Ltd with a relatively smaller debt burden have appreciated by 76%, 56% and 46%, respectively, against Hotel Leelaventure Ltd and Indian Hotels that have been sluggish.
However, some of them posted a decent performance in the December quarter, turning from loss to profit even at the net level. Analysts believe that there is room for stocks of larger hotel chains to appreciate, given that management initiatives to clean up the balance sheets and reorient the hotel portfolios with higher focus on profits than mere revenue, will begin to pay off in the near term.
It's important that the improvement is sustained. According to global hospitality consultant HVS, the degree to which room rates have grown is marginal, and the next 48-60 months are crucial to see how the demand-supply equation pans out.
Tin Bridge Brewing Company, a company that started out as a small home brew project between two brothers, hosted its brewery and taproom grand opening on Thursday, Oct. 5.
The brothers, Joe and Nick Cocchi, opened their taproom at 487 East Main Street, in the Big Y plaza to the public at 4 p.m.
Tin Bridge Brewing Company features bar and table seating, televisions, shuffleboard and two retro arcade games. The new taproom allows visitors to look directly into the company's micro-brewery where the beer is brewed.
Tin Bridge Brewing Co. is open Thursday through Sunday with varying hours.
For more information on Tin Bridge Brewing Co., visit www.tinbridgebrewing.com.
Though a lot of fans agree that ABC's decision to cancel Roseanne on Tuesday, May 29 was certainly warranted, they're still in the midst of mourning the nostalgia the show brought to TV screens. So much so that fans think ABC should replace Roseanne with another nostalgia classic, and all of the suggestions floating around Twitter are too perfect.
On Tuesday, May 29, Roseanne Barr shared a now-deleted racist tweet on Tuesday in the week about Obama administration's former senior adviser Valerie Jarrett, and Barr apologized for the tweet via another tweet. As a result, ABC canceled the reboot from it's lineup. In a statement provided to Bustle on May 29, ABC entertainment president Channing Dungey said,
"Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show."
While many fans praised Dungey and ABC for taking a profound stance against bigotry of any kind, there were also discussions about how the cast and crew of the reboot were unfortunate casualties in the incident. It hasn't been formally announced whether or not ABC has concrete plans to replace the highly rated show with anything just yet, but if fans have anything to do with it, they'd see that another nostalgia classic fills its place.
1 ‘Golden Girls' Even though the late-'80s early-'90s classic's seven seasons are currently being syndicated on TV Land, some fans are still insistent that the show makes an appearance on the network television channel.
2 ‘Cheers' Nothing screams "nostalgia" more than Cheers reruns. And if we're talking about theme songs, the early-80s sitcom definitely takes the cake.
3 ‘Cops' Speaking of theme songs, if Cheers' is in first place, COPS' catchy track is totally the runner-up. Surprising to some, the FOX orginal program is still on the air and producing new episodes (going all the way into its 30th season), but it's sitting in Roseanne's resting timeslot doesn't really sound like a bad idea.
4 ‘A Different World' Even better, some fans think it'll be really cool to replace Roseanne with a show that's been praised for its impact on African American culture. And honestly, the show's former executive producer Debbie Allen and Shonda Rhimes collaborating to create a reboot would be earth-shattering.
5 ‘Perfect Strangers' Dale McRave's early-'90s cult-classic Perfect Strangers could totally fit within Roseanne's shoes as a great replacement. After all, it is an orginal ABC production.
6 ‘The Nanny' Fran Drescher's '90s CBS program The Nanny has also been mentioned a time or two to replace the Roseanne Barr sitcom. And who wouldn't want to see how married life panned out for Fran Fine and Mr. Sheffield?
7 ‘All in the Family' Archie Bunker may have been well versed in culturally insensitive comebacks, but finding out where the Bunker family is today could be interesting.
8 ‘Pushing Daisies' The '00s mysterious comedy-drama only ran on ABC for two seasons, so yeah... the hilarious show totally deserves more screen time.
9 ‘Living Single' Deemed as one of the most underrated '90s programs, Queen Latifah and Kim Field's classic may have found its place streaming on Hulu, but it couldn't hurt to have a reboot airing in Roseanne's former primetime slot, either.
10 ‘Frasier' Kelsey Grammer's NBC cult-classic popping up as a reboot? Seriously, if Roseanne could bring Dan back from the dead, anything's possible.
11 ‘Girlfriends' Tracee Ellis Ross may be already starring in a primetime ABC program, but it wouldn't hurt to get a few life updates from Mara Brock Akil's iconic character.
12 ‘Family Matters' Filling Roseanne's timeslot with Family Matters, which is geared towards more of a diverse audience? Oh, the irony.
WEST SPRINGFIELD- With more than 130 beers on hand, crowds were drawn to the Eastern States Exposition's Young Building on Saturday for the third annual Springfield on Tap festival.
Along with local favorites, such as Northampton's Brewmaster Jack, Springfield's White Lion, Greenfield's Lefty's, and Whately's Hitchcock, there were plenty of national heavy hitters such as Dogfish Head, Sam Adams, Lagunitas, Brooklyn and Blue Point. Regional favorites were also represented well, with Allagash (Maine), Spencer (Spencer, Massachusetts), Two Roads (Connecticut) and Otter Creek (Vermont) being featured.
And a variety of food complimented games ranging from cornhole to ladder golf to beer pong.
General admission tickets started at $45 at the door, going up to $60 for VIP tickets, which allowed people to start sampling the beers at 12:30 p.m. instead of 2 p.m. Additionally, designated driver tickets were $10 and available at the door.
Jordan Lemon made a happy return to his former club as Spalding United took top spot.
A fifth successive win lifted the Tulips into pole position, making it a happy new year.
Lemon's goal came with 15 minutes left to complete the league double over Stamford.
Top scorer Bradley Wells took his tally to 20 so far this term, cancelling out Jamie McGhee's opener.
Spalding got what they deserved in the end with a dominant second-half display – proving yet again they know exactly what it takes to pick up points in this league.
As boss Dave Frecklington has been saying since he came to the club last summer, it's not pretty but it's effective.
Neal Spafford beats Courtney Meade
The first period was what you would expect from a local derby – plenty of effort and not much quality.
Stamford went ahead as Courtney Meade delivered a lovely cross which McGhee met with a diving header inside the near post.
That was the first goal Spalding had conceded in 390 minutes since left-back Adam Jackson returned to the defesive unit.
First-choice goalkeeper Michael Duggan was forced to watch due to a knee injury but Sam Vince wasn't tested on his debut.
Sam Vince collects on his Spalding debut
With skipper Nathan Stainfield on top form again, Vince had plenty of protection after that early setback.
It could have been worse for the Tulips as home captain Jordan Smith nodded wide from Jake Duffy's cross.
Six minutes later, it was all-square thanks to another close-range finish by Wells.
The striker – who got both Spalding goals in the home win over Stamford in August – was in the right place at the right time as Stainfield got a touch on Lemon's free-kick.
A first-half chance for Matt Varley
Meade's drive deflected off Jackson but at the other end Matt Varley should have done better with a header from Conor Higginson's corner.
In first-half stoppage-time, Brad Barraclough went past Kern Miller but saw his shot kicked out by Sam Donkin.
Wells wasted a glorious chance to put Spalding in front five minutes after the break.
Higginson found him on the edge of the six-yard box but the left-foot volley was kept out by Donkin. Although the keeper deserves praise, it was a bad miss.
As the Tulips took control, Higginson's free-kick was punched over the bar and Wells flicked a header wide.
Wells and Barraclough combined as Lemon raced into the box and beat Donkin from a tight angle for what proved to be the winner.
There was no way back for Stamford as the Tulips closed out the rest of the game for another impressive victory.
STAMFORD
4-4-2: Donkin; Gordon, Miller, Salt, Luto (sub Brown-Hill 77 mins); Smith, Murphy, Duffy, McGhee (sub Nodder 90 mins); Ryan, Meade (sub King 70 mins). Subs not used: Challinor, Hartley.
SPALDING UNITED
4-4-2: Vince; Walker, Spafford, Stainfield, Jackson; Lemon, Varley, Whitehead, Higginson (sub Field 79 mins); Wells, Barraclough (sub Lockie 85 mins). Subs not used: Wightwick, Fleming, Duggan.
REFEREE
Kevin Saunby.
GOALS
McGhee (16 mins, 0-1); Wells (25 mins, 1-1); Lemon (75 mins, 1-2).
BOOKINGS
Ryan (foul); Meade (kicking ball away).
ATTENDANCE
487
STAR MAN
Bradley Wells – another goal and a terrific display up front, leading by example again.
ENTERTAINMENT
★★★
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Viewers were a little distracted when This Morning aired a bizarre Halloween segment today - and, surprisingly, it wasn't because of the Christmas-like trees.
'Craft queen' Sophie Precott appeared on the ITV daytime show to instruct viewers on how to make "deadly decorations on a budget".
This included creepy baubles and Halloween trees made of twigs.
And despite the cobwebs, spiders and glitter, viewers couldn't help notice an annoying habit Sophie appeared to acquire - basically.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"She basically likes the word 'basically' doesn't she," one viewer wryly tweeted.
Another ranted: "STOP SAYING 'BASICALLY' JUST STOP!!!! #ThisMorning."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
A third exclaimed: "#ThisMorning if the lady doing the Halloween decorations says "basically" one more time.....ARRRRRGGGG."
"literally basically, like basically and literally and it's basically literally Halloween #thismorning," another joked.
One remarked: "Basically if you're going to put up a Halloween tree you're basically stupid basically. #ThisMorning."
A viewer commented: " #ThisMorning word if the day for halloween decorations BASICALLY."
*This Morning returns on Monday at 10.30am on ITV
A court ruled that the strike was illegal in December. In January, Justice Hellen Wasilwa sentenced leaders to jail for ignoring her earlier ruling, but suspended the sentence to allow negotiations. On Monday, she ordered union officials arrested.
But in a case that has highlighted the disparities in the justice system between northern and southern Ontario, the OPP is now looking to quash Edward's decision, arguing that their detachment is not what would be considered a correctional facility, and that Black could not possibly do his time there.
So Ontario Court Justice Gethin Edward, who typically presides in the southern part of the province, had an idea. He ordered in October that Black attends the OPP detachment in Pikangikum on weekends until he had served his sentence.
The 30-year-old Indigenous man lives in Pikangikum, a remote fly-in First Nations community in northern Ontario with no jail. The nearest correctional facility is in Kenora, 225 kilometres away, which would make what is known as an intermittent sentence impossible.
“What I cannot appreciate is the court being invited to say, ‘You know what, even though an intermittent sentence might have been available if this individual had been charged 600 miles to the south, because we are in northern Ontario, we cannot,” Edward said, according to a court transcript obtained by the Star.
The judge said as much about the access issue in his October ruling.
If successful, the provincial police force's application in Superior Court could have serious ramifications for Indigenous offenders in remote communities, signalling that there is indeed a difference in terms of access to justice depending on where in Ontario a person lives.
“‘We cannot' does not make sense or compute to me. ‘We cannot' means that we have not tried hard enough to allow individuals in communities such as Pikangikum to be able to access services that are available in southern communities.”
It was Edward who suggested the intermittent sentence, noting that such a penalty is possible under the Criminal Code because the sentence fell below 90 days. He pointed out that having to go to jail far away from his community would likely mean Black would lose his job and it would damage the progress he had made in Pikangikum post-arrest.
He also ruled that if the detachment could not accommodate Black or have the means to get him to a place where he could serve the intermittent sentence when he arrived at the detachment each Friday evening, the police were free to release him and he should return the following Friday.
In written submissions filed with Superior Court, the OPP argues that its detachment is not a correctional facility, and that the judge had no power to direct where Black should serve his sentence. The matter is scheduled to be heard in court Monday.
In a separate proceeding, the Crown is appealing the sentence, arguing that according to the Criminal Code and provincial acts, Black can only serve an intermittent sentence in a correctional facility.
“The law is clear. The Ministry of Correctional Services Act requires terms of imprisonment to be served only at a correctional institution as defined and designated by Ontario,” the OPP argues in its submissions. “The OPP detachment in Pikangikum is not a correctional institution.”
An OPP spokesperson declined to comment to the Star while the case is still before the courts.
Nishnawbe-Aski Legal Services Corporation, a legal-aid funded organization whose mandate includes addressing access to justice issues for Nishnawbe-Aski Nation (NAN) territory in northern Ontario, is seeking to intervene in both the Crown appeal and OPP application.
Many of NAN's 49 First Nations communities, including Pikangikum, are accessible only by air, winter road and/or boat, and are a “significant distance away” from jails in Kenora, Thunder Bay and Iroquois Falls, the legal services corporation argues in written submissions filed in court.
“A judgment granting the appeal would have the practical effect of barring an intermittent sentence to almost every single on-reserve citizen of NAN,” the corporation argues. “The travel distance, travel time, and cost would be too prohibitive for the majority of NAN citizens.”
The OPP says in its submissions that the Pikangikum detachment is used by both the OPP and the Nishnawbe-Aski Police Service — the primary provider of police services in the community — and doubles as an employee residence.
There are nine cells in the detachment, used for short-term custody, but there are no showers for the prisoners, and the detachment does not stock up on hygiene products. Microwaveable meals are typically what are served to the prisoners in terms of food.
“The majority of the cells are used daily with double and triple occupation as the norm,” the OPP says. “At any given time, some of the prisoners may be in crisis and require significant staff attention and resources.”
Black's lawyer, John Bilton, described the detachment to the Star as “state of the art and the most advanced police detachment that I've seen in all of the remote north.”
In written submissions responding to the OPP's application, Bilton argues, among other things, that the law allows for imprisonment in places other than those deemed to be a “correctional institution.” He also argues that courts have “acknowledged the reality of different places for imprisonment,” including a police station.
“The thrust of the OPP's application, as well as the Crown's notice of appeal, is that the imposition and implementation of an intermittent sentence is unavailable to Indigenous accused who are residents of, and sentenced in, remote First Nation communities,” Bilton told the Star in a statement.
“This view is not only legally repugnant, in light of the decisions of the Supreme Court of Canada in R. v. Gladue and R. v. Ipeelee, which aim to remedy the long-standing unfairness experienced by Canada's Indigenous peoples in relation to the justice system, it is also morally repugnant to the reasonable mind given the obvious discrimination.”
Black's sentencing hearing that he is volunteering with the police in a project designed to build relationships between officers and the community, and employed at Pikangikum Health Authority as a solvent abuse worker as well as with a youth forestry initiative.
“If southern accused get to serve intermittent sentences to keep jobs, then isn't it high time that northern accused should be entitled to intermittent sentences to preserve jobs?” Justice Edward asked in court.
“And if there aren't facilities available, then shouldn't it be the time that there were facilities available to allow individuals to serve it on an intermittent sentence basis? I just don't think that we're treating people from the north fairly.”
Edward, appointed to the Ontario Court of Justice in 1996, was temporarily presiding in Pikangikum. He typically works in Brantford, where he was instrumental in establishing a special court, known as a Gladue court, which handles case involving Indigenous offenders.
He gained some notoriety in 2014 in the case of an 11-year-old Indigenous girl with cancer seeking to be taken off chemotherapy and treated with Indigenous medicine. Edward denied the hospital's application for the girl to be apprehended by the children's aid society and put back on chemo. (He later amended his ruling and the girl went back on chemo while still receiving traditional Indigenous medicine.)
“Lawyers who appear before him regularly describe Edward as a straight-talking judge who takes a keen interest in the history and lives of accused people and can be scathing if he feels the proper preparation hasn't been done,” according to a Star profile at the time.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A judge dismissed a Scranton neighborhood group's lawsuit aimed at shutting down a specific landfill leachate line.
In a 10-page decision and order, Senior Judge John Braxton of Philadelphia, sitting in Lackawanna County Court, ruled that Green Ridge Neighborhood Association does not have legal standing to sue Scranton, the Scranton Sewer Authority and its successor, Pennsylvania American Water, over the leachate line issue.
The neighborhood group also failed to name Keystone Sanitary Landfill as a necessary defendant in the case, the judge ruled.
The lawsuit, filed in January, claimed the sewer authority improperly changed a permit in 2015 to allow the landfill to bypass a dedicated leachate line and pipe pretreated leachate through an alternate leachate line, known as the Monahan/Reeves or Green Ridge line. The group claimed the permit change violated a 1990 settlement between the landfill, authority and city that dedicated a different sewer line to be used for leachate.
Claiming that neighborhood group residents are the intended third-party beneficiaries of the 1990 settlement, the lawsuit sought enforcement of it and a voiding of the permit change.
But Braxton agreed with objections by the defendants raised during a hearing on July 19. Those included that the group has no standing to sue because it was not part of the 1990 settlement, and that it failed to sue the landfill, which is an indispensable party in the matter.
“I'm disappointed in the court's ruling and I'll be interested to read the analysis,” plaintiff attorney Paul LaBelle said. “I feel terrible for my clients in Green Ridge for having to deal with leachate in the sewer and stormwater.”
The attorney for the sewer authority, Matthew Carmody, said in an emailed statement that he was glad the judge upheld the objections and dismissed the lawsuit.
“The plaintiff clearly lacked standing to bring this action as a purported third party beneficiary to a 1990 settlement agreement involving the authority, the city and Keystone Sanitary Landfill,” Carmody said.
The attorney for the water company, David Fine, had not seen the ruling and declined to immediately comment. Efforts to contact city solicitor Jessica Boyles and Assistant City Solicitor Joseph Price were unsuccessful.
During the July 19 hearing, Price questioned whether expiration on March 31 of the former five-year permit made the neighborhood group's lawsuit moot. A new five-year permit issued April 1 by the water company allows the landfill to use the alternate leachate line. The permit also says its terms do not extend to any third-party beneficiary.
It's unclear whether or how the neighborhood association may appeal Braxton's dismissal.
“We'll take a look at it and see what we want to do,” LaBelle said.
Contact the writer: jlockwood@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5185; @jlockwoodTT on
Twitter
It's only been a few months since they made their relationship red carpet official, and now the couple is reportedly expecting their first child together. So, wait... When did Diane Kruger and Norman Reedus start dating, exactly? Depends on whether or not you believe the rumors that were in circulation at one point, but Kruger and Reedus first met back in 2015.
On May 29, Us Weekly revealed that Kruger and Reedus would be having a baby, according to multiple sources who spoke to the publication. (Bustle reached out to reps for Kruger and Reedus for comment, but did not receive a response at the time of publication.) The low-key duo didn't appear on the red carpet together — which, in Hollywood, is basically the equivalent of a "we're dating" announcement — until the 2018 Golden Globes (as per Entertainment Tonight), so the reported pregnancy news may come as a surprise to some of the actors' fans.
In an April 2016 interview with People, Kruger said that she and Reedus had never met until they began shooting Sky together in 2015. “I didn't know [Reedus] before the film,” she said of her co-star, who played her love interest in the film. “We share a lot of intimate scenes. I was really nervous about meeting him and not being able to have a drink with him, or talk with him.”
Brad Barket/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Kruger also told People that she was “pleasantly surprised” when she finally got to know Reedus, and added, "He's so relaxed. He's really easygoing, very gentle.” Reedus, in turn, praised Kruger as well, telling the publication, "She's a dream."
At the time, though, Kruger was — as far as the public knew — still dating her boyfriend of nearly a decade, Joshua Jackson. Jackson, too, had a role in Sky, but rumors of Kruger cheating on him with Reedus began to bubble up in December 2015, the New York Daily News reported. “I would not recommend having your better half on set when you have to [film intimate scenes with another man],” Kruger told People at the film's New York premiere in Apr. 2016.
Kruger and Jackson wouldn't announce their split until July 2016, but in a December 2017 interview with Vulture, Kruger said they'd actually split before the official announcement. "That [breakup with Jackson] was something that was a long time coming," she said. "Also we broke up many months before we said we were broken up, so by the time I made that decision, it didn't feel like it was so urgent anymore. You don't break up overnight after ten years, you know what I mean?”
Kruger was snapped at Reedus' photography exhibit in December 2016, People reported, but the two appeared platonic and weren't engaging in any PDA. Paparazzi caught the friendly-looking pair unpacking Reedus' car in February 2017, and one month later, their romance was all but confirmed when People snapped them smooching on a New York City sidewalk.
Jemal Countess/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
On January 2, 2018, Kruger and Reedus were photographed while on a trip to Costa Rica, as per Us Weekly, and — just a few days later on January 7 — they sealed their relationship status with a kiss while walking the red carpet at the 2018 Golden Globes.
So, in terms defining the exact time that the two stars became more than just friends, it's pretty hard to say. Neither Kruger nor Reedus has commented on the matter — they've both stayed relatively quiet about their relationship in general — but it's probably safe to assume that they've been together now for at least a year, if not longer.
Not that it matters, of course. With a new baby reportedly on the way — it would be Kruger's first child and Reedus' second, as he shares an 18-year-old son with ex-girlfriend Helena Christensen — there's only one timeline that really matters.
Amazon and Whole Foods Market on April 24 launched free two-hour delivery of natural and organic products from Whole Foods through Prime Now in Denver, Colorado; and Sacramento and San Diego, California. Prime members in those cities can shop through Prime Now for fresh produce, meat and seafood, everyday staples and other locally sourced items from Whole Foods.
The service launched earlier this year with plans for continued expansion across the U.S. throughout 2018. Customers can start shopping from Whole Foods' selection at www.primenow.com or by using the Prime Now app available on Android and iOS devices.
“We've been delighted with the customer response to free two-hour delivery through Prime Now, and we're excited to bring the service to our customers in Denver, Sacramento and San Diego,” said Christina Minardi, Whole Foods EVP of operations. “Today's announcement is another way that we are continuing to expand access to our high-quality products and locally sourced favorites.”
Prime members can shop thousands of items across fresh and organic produce, bakery, dairy, meat and seafood, floral and everyday staples from Whole Foods Market available for free two-hour delivery. A selection of alcohol also is available for delivery to customers in Sacramento and San Diego. Prime members receive two-hour delivery for free and ultra-fast delivery within one hour for $7.99 on orders of $35 or more.
Delivery from Whole Foods Market through Prime Now is available daily from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.
Keep reading:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Carragher has claimed Philippe Coutinho is not worth the £142million Barcelona paid for the Brazilian.
The Spanish giants splashed out to land the former Liverpool player last month after a six-month pursuit.
But former Reds defender Carragher believes they over-paid for the midfield magician.
“I think if you lose your best player there's no way you can dress it up as a positive window,” he said on Sky Sports' The Debate show.
(Image: David Ramos/Getty Images)
“I think every Liverpool fan, when Philippe Coutinho stayed in the summer, thought ‘okay, we know he's leaving next season. Lets enjoy these 12 months'.
“To lose him mid-season, I don't agree with it but for that fee… Coutinho's not worth that. He's not that good.
“I would have taken £20m-£30m less in the summer to know that Liverpool would have had him for the second half of the season because at that time we were still in the FA Cup, still a Champions League to play for.”
(Image: PA)
Despite the constant speculation over his future, Coutinho scored 12 goals for Liverpool this season.
He made his Barcelona debut in the 1-0 Copa del Rey win over city rivals Espanyol in midweek.
PRESS RELEASE
SANDALS Over The Water Bungalows in High Demand One Year On
Castries, Saint Lucia – May 30, 2018 – One year after Sandals Resorts launched its luxury over-the-water bungalows in Saint Lucia, the response has exceeded all expectations. Not only have the bungalows helped Saint Lucia diversify its touristic offerings to include products previously found only in places like Fiji and the Maldives; the bungalows have enjoyed year-round occupancy, booked well into the future.
According to Managing Director Winston Anderson the over-the-water bungalows are already sold out for the next 2 years. At a recently held reward ceremony for the team who manage the Bungalows, Mr. Anderson said, “These Bungalows have added value not just to the Sandals product here, but they have added value to the Saint Lucia tourism product. This is great for Saint Lucia going forward, especially since we have had 100% occupancy since they were launched last year.”
Tourism Minister Dominic Fedee, in lauding the product, added, “This product is the most differentiating addition to our room stock in 2017. The overwater bungalows are immaculately commissioned and have generated much buzz among the travel trade and press. Our destination would be poorer without them.” The Minister went on to say “This is in keeping with the Sandals tradition to reinvent itself and respond to an ever changing industry. We are all very proud of what Sandals have done over the last 25 years.”
The Over-the-Water Bungalow Butler Supervisor Rose Mary Theophilus relishes every opportunity to talk about the Over the Water Bungalows and had this to say. “I knew it could transform the hospitality landscape as it would offer a product and service that this part of the world had not seen. The Over the Water Bungalows concept is beyond revolutionary. They provide a unique luxury combined with the edgy serenity of being located over the sea.”
Rose Mary is quick to recognize the contribution of her team. “We are elated to be an integral part of the icing on the cake which is the Sandals experience, and involves the catering for and pampering of our guests in a manner that is synonymous only with Sandals. At the Over the Water Bungalows, with our team of 13 trained Butlers, all of whom are certified by the London Guild of Butlers, we provide love, leisure and luxury with presence, pride and passion. Our team members continue to deliver the highest quality of service as promised.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
New Delhi: National passenger carrier Air India on Monday said that it will introduce a direct flight from New Delhi to Tel Aviv from March 22.
According to the airline, a 256-seater Boeing 787 Dreamliner will operate the thrice-a-week flight service.
"The launch of the operation to Tel Aviv has witnessed an over whelming response both in India and Israel lending a fillip to tourism besides boosting the trade and industry sector," the airline said in a statement.
"The flight will also attract travellers from countries further to the east in the Southeast Asia and Australia.The duration of the flight between Delhi and Tel Aviv will be around 2 hours shorter than that taken by Israel`s national carrier El Al, which has direct flights between Tel Aviv and Mumbai."
GS Chairman Huh Chang-soo urged the group to diversify its business portfolio and make various attempts to explore new markets.“With the uncertainty growing over the management environment, we should diversify profit-oriented platforms by making drastic investments and explore new business opportunities and new markets by encouraging (employees) to make various attempts,” he said during his New Year's address delivered at a meeting at GS Tower in Seoul.Citing the unfavorable political situation in markets around the world, Huh asked GS executives to establish a new corporate culture for the group that would evolve through self-reflection.“To overcome the hardship we are facing today and to make a leap forward, we need to have some time for introspection,” he said.The nation's ninth-largest conglomerate has been focusing on energy, retail and construction, but has been seeking merger and acquisition opportunities to widen its business portfolio.By Cho Chung-un (christory@heraldcorp.com)
Milan Skriniar: I am happy at Inter, cannot wait to play in Champions Legaue https://t.co/GQ3WOa9AR2 pic.twitter.com/uj63OtsOAm
RACQ Capricorn Helicopter Rescue Service is involved in an extensive search for Thomas Paynter.
RACQ Capricorn Helicopter Rescue Service is involved in an extensive search for Thomas Paynter. RACQ Capricorn Helicopter Rescue
POLICE officers on trail bikes and a rescue helicopter are searching between Agnes Water and Turkey Beach for missing man Thomas Paynter today.
The Rockhampton man, 63, was last seen at a campground at Springs Rd, Agnes Water on May 21.
After appealing for public information on Monday, police started an extensive search for Mr Paynter today.
A Queensland Police spokeswoman said officers were using trail bikes to search for Mr Paynter between Agnes Water and Turkey Beach.
Thomas Paynter was last seen on May 21 at a campground on Springs Road, Agnes Waters, however has not been seen or heard from since.
RACQ Capricorn Helicopter Rescue Service is conducting an aerial search for Mr Paynter too.
The 63-year-old is believed to be travelling in a blue Toyota Prado, with the Queensland registration 296 XOL.
Police and family hold concerns for his welfare as he suffers from a medical condition.
Thomas Paynter was last seen on May 21. He is believed to be travelling in a blue Toyota Prado, similar to the one pictured, bearing Queensland registration 296 XOL.
It is believed he is wearing a blue jacket, blue denim jeans and blue sneakers.
If you have information for police, contact Policelink on 131 444 or provide information using the online form 24hrs per day.
A Toronto researcher will be leading a study to see whether remaining ash from last year's devastating Fort McMurray fires is posing a long-term health risk to residents.
Arthur Chan, an assistant professor at the University of Toronto, is heading up a research team going to Fort McMurray next month. They will collect dust samples from residents' homes and analyze if dangerous substances are lingering after massive fires engulfed the city.
“We're looking for heavy metals that would have long-term health effects, like lead,” said Chan, who has a background in atmospheric chemistry.
“We're also looking at organic compounds or potentially carcinogens which may cause cancer.”
By wiping down surfaces and using a custom vacuum, the team will collect dust from different parts of the home, from busy places like the living room and bedroom floor, to less-touched areas like the top of a door frame, Chan said.
People have until April 15 to use Toys "R" Us gift cards after the company announced it will close all of the stores in the United States.
Company customer service representatives are advising people to use any gift cards as soon as possible. Toys "R" Us said the customer programs, including Reward dollars and Endless Earnings, will also end.
Toys "R" Us filed for bankruptcy in September and in February it announced the Massachusetts locations in Millbury, Bellingham, Northborough and Framingham and a baby "R" Us in the Holyoke Mall at Ingleside would all close.
The company just recently announced all the stores would close leaving people until April 15 to use the gift cards. Roughly 33,000 people will lose their jobs when the stores close.
Foran High's gymnastics team won a 123.35-110.6 decision from Hamden in Milford on Thursday.
Brianna Laggis was first vault, bars, beam and floor exercise for the Lions (3-4).
Samantha Lambert tied for third in all-around.
Britney Lynch was second in vault.
Emma Jerue was third on bars.
Grace Lavallee was third in floor exercise.
Vault: 1. Brianna Laggis (F) 9.15, 2. Britney Lynch (F) 8.0, 3. Lexi Sangiovanni (H) 7.9
Bars: 1. Laggis (F) 8.9, 2. Sangiovanni (H) 7.4, 3. Emma Jerue (F) 7.1
Beam: 1. Laggis (F) 8.4, 2. Sangiovanni (H) 7.8, 3. Grace Lavallee (F) 7.3
Floor: 1. Laggis (F) 9.2, 2. Sangiovanni (H) 8.1, 3. Taylor Emmarich (H) 8.0
All-Around: 1. Laggis (F) 35.65, 2. Sangiovanni (H) 30.2, 3. Samantha Lambert (F), Lauren Dooley (H) 28.3
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The father of a seriously ill baby broke down in tears as a court was told that further hospital treatment is "futile" as his child had suffered “catastrophic” brain damage.
Tom Evans, 21, covered his face and howled in anguish at the hearing to decide if life support should be withdrawn from his son, 20-month-old Alfie.
Medics caring for Alfie believe continuing to treat him is “unkind and inhumane”.
Alfie is on a life support machine in Liverpool's Alder Hey Children's Hospital.
Doctors want to end his treatment but his parents, Tom and Kate James, 20, want to take him abroad to be re-assessed.
The hearing was adjourned for ten minutes as the father, who is representing himself at the High Court in Liverpool, was comforted by relatives, many wearing t shirts declaring “Release Alfie Evans”.
When the case resumed, the judge, Mr Justice Hayden, said: “Everybody in this court shares the same objective. Everybody wants the best for Alfie.”
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: PA)
Medic says that the child, born on May 9 2016, is in a "semi-vegetative state" and has a degenerative neurological condition doctors have not definitively diagnosed.
But Alfie's parents believe their son responds to them - but the court heard that any movements by the child are spontaneous seizures as a result of touching.
Michael Mylonas QC, representing the hospital, said: "One of the problems of this case is they look at him and, barring the paraphernalia of breathing and feeding, he's a sweet, lovely, normal-looking boy who opens his eyes, will smile..."
At this point, Mr Evans, sitting alongside the lawyer, broke down, sobbing into his hands before a break to proceedings was called by Mr Justice Anthony Hayden, hearing the case.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Mr Justice Hayden, who told the court he himself had had the "privilege" of visiting Alfie in hospital, said: "Everybody in this court shares the same objectives, everybody wants the best for Alfie."
Mr Mylonas, outlining the case for the hospital, said scans of Alfie had shown "catastrophic degradation of his brain tissue" which was getting worse.
The youngster was now only able to breathe through intervention by medical equipment and Alfie was also regularly having fits, often triggered by touching.
He said that, at the request of the parents, three medical experts from the Vatican-linked Bambino Gesu Paediatric Hospital in Rome had visited Alfie in Alder Hey.
(Image: PA)
Unfortunately they had reached the same conclusions in terms of the "complete futility" of trying to find a cure or alleviating his seizures and they could not provide any other treatment.
Mr Justice Hayden said the parents, who have changed their lawyers seven times, are trying to "leave no stone unturned" and explore every possible avenue.
He added: "In simple terms, they may have had enough solicitors to put a football team together but they have been able to get to some of the best experts in the world. They have won many battles.
"Who wouldn't in their situation?"
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
"If they challenge the doctors, who on earth can blame them?"
Mr Mylonas said a "cohort" of some of the best medical experts in the world had come to the same conclusions about Alfie, and that the hospital's view is that it is "unkind, unfair and inhumane to carry on treating him".
Medical experts are unable to say how aware Alfie is of his surroundings and that if he can feel the "soothing touch of a hand" he must also be able to feel the "sharp pin prick" as he suffers pain during ongoing treatment.
A German medical expert, whose report was read in court, said Alfie suffered from a still unknown, ultimately fatal disorder, adding: "Maybe the disease will ultimately be named after him."
The Italian experts had suggested operations, a tracheotomy and a gastronomy, to help Alfie breathe and feed and keep him alive for an "undefined period".
(Image: sara_chivers/Instagram)
(Image: Tom Evans/Kate James)
But another medical expert, who specialises in the ventilation of children, believed such operations were "inappropriate".
The doctor, who will not be named for legal reasons, said: "I think we are all agreed from the medical perspective that life expectancy is limited.
"Because of that, I would feel it would be more appropriate to allow nature to take its course.
"That view is also supported by the fact that I don't think anyone can be certain exactly what Alfie is feeling and whether or not he's maybe feeling pain or discomfort.
"I think the provision of continuing intensive care to sustain life when they may be suffering is not one that, as medical professionals, most would consider appropriate."
(Image: PA)
Around a dozen friends and members of Alfie's family, some wearing T-shirts bearing his picture and the words "Release Alfie Evans", shook their heads and muttered as the witness gave his evidence.
Mr Justice Hayden responded: "He's saved more children's lives than you can imagine. In this court he will be given respect."
Another expert told the court that EEG results, which measures electrical activity in the brain, showed Alfie only displayed electrical brain activity when he was having seizures - there was no other brain activity.
The medic said Alfie's scans were "highly abnormal" with an estimated loss of 70% of his brain nerve fibre.
(Image: PA)
The destruction of his brain was not reversible and the exact diagnosis of what is wrong with the child cannot be given, the medic said.
Asked about a possible tracheotomy operation to help him to breathe, the medic replied: "Prolonging his life unnecessarily is not a way to go considering his brain is being progressively destroyed and there is no prospect of recovery.
"We are putting the child through procedures for no benefit to the underlying condition. What are the long term goals?
"What are the risks? What are we trying to achieve?
"Why put them through further procedures when he has a progressive neurological disorder that is going to be fatal?"
The hearing will continue with more expert evidence on Friday.
GREEN BAY, Wis. — The Green Bay Packers have signed free agent offensive lineman Byron Bell, adding a versatile veteran to beef up depth.
The 29-year-old Bell played last season with the Dallas Cowboys, appearing in 12 games and making two starts at left tackle. He missed the entire 2016 season after injuring his ankle during off-season workouts with the Tennessee Titans.
The Packers released lineman Jacob Alsadek, an undrafted rookie free agent out of Arizona, to make room for Bell on Wednesday.
Green Bay is short on experienced depth up front. Starting right tackle Bryan Bulaga missed the second half of the 2017 season with a knee injury, while right guard Jahri Evans is a free agent after one season with the Packers.
Injuries also kept out the Packers' top two backup tackles, Jason Spriggs and Kyle Murphy, for much of 2017.
Bell started all 16 games for Tennessee in 2016, playing at left guard and both tackle positions. He entered the league as an undrafted free agent with Carolina in 2011 out of New Mexico.
Bell started 56 of 62 games for the Panthers over the next four seasons, playing both tackle positions.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
With 2017 closing, many industry leaders are looking to the future and pondering the changes coming to the U.S. economy and industry business. In the second quarter of 2017, Ed Lewis, CEO of Industrial Info Resources (IIR), reported the U.S. Gross Domestic Product (GDP) raised 3.17 percent.
"If you look at the stock market today, it is raging forward," Lewis told an audience of industry professionals at a 2018 Market Outlook event recently held in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Lewis was among the six IIR speakers presenting information on U.S. industries, specifically the power industry, oil and gas, natural gas and chemical processing. Michael Bergen, executive vice president of IIR, gave a "macroeconomic view" of past and current trends in U.S. industry and where things will head in the coming years.
"Before the election, there was a less optimistic view of where we would end up in this expansion period. As a matter of fact, if we had not changed parties, I would probably estimate that our downturn would come sooner than later, maybe even in 2018," Bergen said, referencing the 2016 presidential election and the change to a more conservative-led government.
Many economists and those researching industry trends had high hopes for the impact of the Trump administration's entrance.
"We had a lot of built-up optimism about which way this administration was going to take us," Bergen said, indicating that GDP has been adjusting downward. He added that 2017 would end in the low 2-percent range, which he called "business as usual."
Among industries experiencing an upward trend this past year were pipelines -- specifically production -- and chemical processing, with the most common projects being NGLs and LNG, Bergen reported. A number of LNG projects are expected to begin construction in the Gulf Coast area, including Corpus Christi and Sabine Pass, Texas, and Lake Charles, Louisiana.
The U.S. South region will represent over half of the $300 billion in spending forecast for 2018. Twenty-two percent of U.S. spending occurs in the Gulf Coast region alone. Bergen noted the U.S. dollar weakening creates more opportunity for manufacturing growth. "The weaker the dollar gets, the more attractive our products and services are across the world," he said.
Vice President of Power Industry Research at IIR Britt Burt spoke about newbuild projects and the impact they create on the economy. Many of these new builds include renewable energy projects, such as solar power, which are increasing in Texas and along the South.
"Certainly the power industry is not as active along the Gulf Coast as it is in some parts of the country, but there's still a healthy spend here," Burt said. He projected most of the new builds will consist of natural gas and renewable energy projects, which will continue to be the trend for a while.
Speaker Chris Paschall, IIR vice president of oil and gas research, presented economic trends in the oil and gas industry. In June 2014, oil was $100/barrel on a WTI (West Texas Intermediate) basis, and by February 2016, it dropped to $27, Paschall told the listeners.
"So there's not a lot of volatility in the crude oil market at the moment. Is it going to go higher? Absolutely, I think it will," Paschall said. "I think the price of oil will range in the $50-$60 range as we move into the 2018 timeframe."
He went on to say leading up to 2014, the demand for crude exceeded supply, but in the time since, supply has "outstripped" demand. Things are changing again, however. "We are starting to see the market doing a little bit of the shifting going along," he said. "We are starting a rebalancing act."
Paschall continued to express optimism moving into 2018, with oil production increases centered around the Permian Basin.
For ongoing industry updates, visit BICMagazine.com.
View in Digital Edition
Sheridan Gaunt, Peterborough Cat Protection spokeswoman
Thank goodness gloomy January is behind us, is what I say! Cold weather, numerous viral bugs that have just lingered on for weeks, leaving us feeling drained of energy with or little or no motivation, no wonder people's New Year's resolutions have gone out the window!
Those of us that are pet owners already would probably agree that coming home and curling up with their feline friend is probably the best therapy us humans get. Cats are not just great company but they can also be very good for you. There is something unique and soothing about a cat's purr, it can relax and de stress us in minutes.
We have cats in our branch of all ages that are looking for new homes.
Through no fault of their own they have found themselves homeless and alone before coming into our care. Our fosterers play a pivotal role in their rehabilitation and some will always need more work than others but time, patience and a lot of TLC ensures that when they go off to their forever homes, they go knowing that we have matched their needs to the right home environment for them. Cats are great teachers and soon let us know what they like and dislike, from their favourite window ledge to their comfy arm chair, even down to their culinary tastes at times! But let's not forget the companionship and unconditional love you give us on a daily basis. There is simply, nothing quite like it!
We charge an adoption fee of £55 for a cat and £80 for a kitten, which includes their first vaccination against Cat Flu, Enteritis and Feline Leukaemia, flea and worm treatment, microchipping, neutering and a full veterinary health check. All cats also receive 4 weeks free insurance from Petplan.
If you would like to give a cat a forever home then contact us on 0345 371 2750 or email us at cphoming@talktalk.net
Photographed is Duke, an elderly gentleman reported as a stray, now safe in our care. He has settled very well with his fosterer and will soon be ready to be rehomed. Older cats are harder to find homes for and stay longer in our care. When you adopt a senior cat, you're truly saving a life and every cat deserves a loving home.
To find out more about Duke, call us on 0345 371 2750.
Exhibit features Ernie Barnes, football player turned artist
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 13 // 04 Jul 2018, 15:13 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — At heart, Ernie Barnes the professional football player was always Ernie Barnes the artist.
His teammates on the San Diego Chargers nicknamed him "Big Rembrandt" because he was always scribbling on pieces of paper.
He ended up painting vivid and highly acclaimed images from the playing field and from African-American life. He's most famous for "Sugar Shack," which shows African-Americans dancing at the Durham Armory. Marvin Gaye used a version of it for an album cover, and a print of it appeared in the closing credits of the sitcom "Good Times."
Now, an exhibit has opened in his home state titled "The North Carolina Roots of Artist Ernie Barnes." The exhibit at the North Carolina Museum of History includes 38 paintings by Barnes, many unseens by the public until now, along with several pieces of memorabilia.
It's the first exhibit of Barnes' artwork in 11 years, and the first since he died at age 70 in 2009 in Los Angeles. It continues through March 3.
Barnes never considered football his true calling. From his childhood, he was drawn to art. In his 1995 autobiography, "From Pads to Palette," he wrote, "Throughout my five seasons in the arena of professional football, I remained at the deepest level of my being an artist."
But he played professionally from 1960 to 1964, signing first with the Baltimore Colts and then with the Titans of New York, the San Diego Chargers and the Denver Broncos. His sports connections led to his first exhibit through the support of New York Jets owner Sonny Werblin. And Barnes credited football with helping him develop the elongation technique for which he's known.
An art instructor told him "to pay attention to what my body felt like in movement," Barnes once said. "And when I did that, it was an elongated feeling. ... I hate to think, had I not played sports, what my work would look like."
He also spoke of how the "dehumanization" of professional football played out in his art. "I painted until I exhausted the hate," he said, according to comments provided by his estate.
Troy Vincent, the NFL's vice president of operations, is probably the largest collector of Barnes' art and someone in whom Barnes confided about his love-hate relationship with football. Vincent estimates that he owns just shy of 30 Barnes' paintings, most of them commissioned and never seen by the public.
In a phone interview, Vincent said that he and his wife "didn't classify it as black art. He happens to be African-American, but it's not black art. It's art."
At the time of Barnes' death, Paul Von Blum, an art history and African American studies professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, called him one of the premier figurative artists of his era.
Barnes, who was born in 1938 in Durham during the Jim Crow era, graduated from what's now North Carolina Central University. His painting, "Homecoming," shows a marching band in Durham with U.S. 15-501 signs in the background.
"Ernie said when he was growing up, the high school band used to come down from the segregated area and make the turn into the black community, and the band would kick it up right there," Luz Rodriguez, his longtime assistant and estate trustee said last week in Raleigh before the exhibit opened. "So that's what he painted."
"Sugar Shack" came from Barnes' memories growing up in Durham, Rodriguez said. His mother had told the 13-year-old Barnes that "they don't do Christian things there" so of course he had to sneak in to find out what was happening, she said.
Actor and comedian Eddie Murphy owns the painting now, exhibit curator Katie Edwards said. A second version that Barnes painted is part of the North Carolina museum exhibit.
Barnes could bring to life "the hopes and dreams of what could be — families together, strong men, strong women, the true representation of the godly family," Vincent said. Barnes was able to "share our dark past yet articulate in color what the future could be — the proudness of our history, the proudness of our future. Ernie encapsulated all of that."
___
Follow Martha Waggoner on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mjwaggonernc
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City's next opponents Bolton Wanderers could field up to four new debutants against the Robins on Friday night in the Sky Bet Championship.
The Lancashire outfit had a busy deadline day as they brought in four loan signings.
Tyler Walker joined the club on-loan from Forest until the end of the season, while Zack Clough also re-joined the club from Forest a year after leaving the City Ground.
Reece Burke also re-joined the club on-loan from Premier League West Ham having spent the first-half of the season there.
The fourth and final recruit came in the form of Liverpool defender Jon Flanagan who will stay the Macron until the end of the season.
So what can we expect from Bolton's latest recruitments?
Tyler Walker
Since featuring 16 times for Forest during the first half of the 2017/18 campaign the 21-year-old has fallen down the pecking order at the City Ground since the turn of the year.
He has not featured for new boss Aitor Karanka since his arrival, with just a sole appearance on the substitutes' bench in the 1-0 defeat to Aston Villa.
Walker has four goals to his name so far this season and could be set to make his Trotters debut in front of the Sky cameras at Macron Stadium on Friday against the Robins.
Zach Clough
The 22-year-old forward has returned to the Trotters on loan for the rest of the season, a year after making a £3m switch the other way.
He has only featured 17 times and is yet to score. However, he has seen Everton loanee Kieran Dowell play in his favoured position behind the main striker this term, rendering a Clough a fringe player.
Reece Burke
The 21-year-old centre back played 15 games for the EFL Championship side in the first half of the season before being recalled by the Hammers ahead of their Emirates FA Cup tie with Shrewsbury Town earlier this month.
Now, he will link up with Phil Parkinson's side again for the rest of the campaign where he will hope to impress over the final 18 matches of the Championship season, starting this Friday against City.
Jon Flanagan
The 25-year-old full-back will make the move to the Championship strugglers in a bid to get his career back on track.
Flanagan hasn't featured for the Reds since their League Cup defeat to Leicester City back in September and has struggled for game time during Jurgen Klopp's reign.
He has found himself below Joe Gomez and Trent Alexander-Arnold in the pecking order and will now look to help Bolton drag themselves away from the relegation zone during the second-half of the season.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder is speaking out against hate and violence following the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly confrontation in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Snyder released a statement Monday saying, "Hate speech and violence are not welcome in Michigan -- it's not representative of who Michiganders truly are or of the future we want to build for our children."
Snyder says history has shown "hate begets hate and violence begets violence. On the other hand, unity and cooperation have shown how much we can accomplish when we respect our neighbors, embrace our differences and focus our energy on how we can all move forward and prosper together."
Vigils and rallies seeking to counter the Virginia violence occurred Sunday in the Detroit area, Ann Arbor, Kalamazoo and Traverse City.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
In the FlowHive , the bees do their work inside the hive, and a few cranks of a lever split the comb, allowing pure, ready-to-eat honey to travel through tubes and into a bottle.
In a traditional hive, beekeepers have to sedate the bees, remove the wooden frames from the hive, “decap” the honey from the frames, process it in a centrifuge, and then filter it.
The product is renowned for skipping many steps in the usually multifaceted honey extraction process with the simple turn of a lever.
The FlowHive, created by Australian father-son duo Stuart and Cedar Anderson in 2015, earned nearly 40,000 backers and raised over $13 million (U.S.) becoming the top all-time campaign on crowdfunding site Indiegogo.
A method that's supposed to make beekeeping simpler for novices by providing honey on tap has drawn criticism from some experts, who say it may encourage casual beekeepers to set up an apiary but not put in the hard work needed to maintain it.
Instead of taking several hours, the FlowHive can extract its honey in about 15 minutes in the ideal warm and dry conditions, said Ian Baird, owner of Terre Bleu, a lavender farm in Milton that also produces honey.
“Buying stainless centrifuges and mechanical devices to harvest and extract and clean honey (in the traditional method) certainly is not economical when you've only got a couple of hives,” he said.
The FlowHive, which costs nearly $1,000 — traditional hives cost $200 and less — could make urban beekeeping and small-scale operations more feasible, Baird said.
Amid concern for a decreasing honeybee population in recent years, more people are pitching in part-time to keep the honey flowing. One in every three bites of food we eat also relies on bees for pollination, experts say.
But some beekeepers are concerned that adopting the FlowHive for small-scale beekeeping could do more harm than good for bees.
“Many people have gotten into beekeeping because of the FlowHive, but don't know how to bee keep,” said Peter Chorabik, a Toronto beekeeper who runs over 250 hives.
The FlowHive, said Chorabik, can make new beekeepers think that the process is much less involved that it actually is, which puts the bees at risk of being attacked by pests and contracting diseases.
“You have to be responsible and know. . . what you're signing up for when you get your own bees,” Chorabik said. “If you're a farmer of cattle, and your cattle were sick and they all died in the winter, that wouldn't be acceptable. But when you have honey bees and they all die in the winter because you can't take care of them properly, it's accepted.”
Shawn Caza, a long-time Toronto beekeeper, said he knew of aspiring beekeepers who bought a FlowHive and bees, but “planned a vacation during the time of the year when one would normally start a new colony.”
“The honey harvest is really the tip of the iceberg in terms of what a beekeeper needs to do maintain healthy hives,” Caza said.
Stuart Anderson, the co-creator of the FlowHive, said his company educates new beekeepers.
“We provide material on colony health and pests and diseases on our website and lots of educational videos and other content,” Anderson said in an email statement. “We actively encourage aspiring beekeepers to join a bee club and/or to connect with a mentor beekeeper.
“Our stand is that beekeepers are responsible for the health of their bees and this requires knowledge, skill and care. . .(I) am very proud that the invention of the FlowHive has brought tens of thousands more people into beekeeping.”
For all the speed and utility the FlowHive has to offer, professional beekeepers also have critiques of the product.
One concern is that the FlowHive produces a lower yield than a traditional hive, a pattern that Baird has noticed in his operation. Baird will stick with the traditional hives for the bulk of his honey-producing operation.
Sometimes, getting the honey from a FlowHive can be an issue, according to Caza.
“Others had the honey spill out of the comb within the hive and subsequently leak out the bottom,” he said. “I also heard from people with the opposite problem, the honey came out through the intended path, but was extremely slow.”
Fred Davis, a Toronto-based beekeeper, said a really hot summer is needed for the honey to flow well.
“Last year, it was scorching hot, which helped,” he said.
Davis also believes that bees do not like the plastic frames used in the FlowHive as much as the wood frames in traditional hives.
“Would I use it again? I'd probably say no,” he said.
For all his criticisms, Davis said the FlowHive has no effect on the honey's flavour.
“The taste is the same, honey is honey,” he said.
Anderson stands by his product, saying that the FlowHive has been tested in Canada and it's been found to work successfully in colder climates.
“People in every region of the U.S.A. are harvesting successfully with the FlowHive,” he said.
The beekeepers the Star talked to may disagree with Anderson, but they do see the FlowHive as a useful educational tool.
“Our farm is an agritourism ecotourism farm and we thought it would be also very educational to show the public,” Baird said.
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Connecticut lawmakers moved closer Monday toward expanding the state's 33-year-old seat belt law to include everyone riding in a vehicle.
The General Assembly's Public Health Committee voted unanimously Monday in favor of a bill that would require all back-seat passengers to buckle up, instead of mandating just front-seat passengers and children under age 16 years old — no matter where they're sitting — to wear restraints.
The state's Department of Public Health is advocating for the legislation, a policy recommended by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The state agency notes that more than 100 of the average 270 motor vehicle crash-related deaths that occur in Connecticut each year could be saved if everyone in the vehicle wore a seat belt.
Related Content: From seat belts to tanning booths; 2 dozen health-related bills under consideration
Motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death in the U.S. for people ages 1 to 54, and more than half of those killed in crashes were not wearing seat belts at the time, according to the Department of Public Health.
“Everyone in every position of the car should wear their seat belt. This is just one small way that residents of Connecticut can be protected from serious injury and death in the event of a motor vehicle crash,” Public Health Commissioner Raul Pino recently told lawmakers.
Fran Mayko, testifying on behalf of Connecticut's two AAA automobile clubs, said 29 states and Washington, D.C., currently require back-seat passengers to wear seat belts. Connecticut was one of the first states in the nation to enact a seat belt requirement in 1985. Mayko noted that policymakers three decades ago thought the back seat was a safe place for unrestrained passengers, but that thinking has changed over the years.
The bill now awaits action in the House of Representatives.
0 Share with your friends Submit
Navy Secretary Richard Spencer appeared to break with President Donald Trump on Thursday, Aug. 10 over the President's intention to ban transgender individuals from serving in the US military.
Asked about Trump's transgender ban, Spencer said Thursday he would carry out any order given — but added that he believed “any patriot” who wanted to serve in the military should be able to do so.
“We will process and take direction on a policy that will be developed by the secretary (with) direction from the President — and march out smartly. As I said before, on a fundamental basis, any patriot that wants to serve and meets all the requirements should be able to serve in our military,” Spencer told reporters while visiting Naval Station Norfolk, according to the Daily Press.
Spencer was confirmed as Trump's Navy Secretary last week. He was Trump's second pick for the job after the first, Philip Bilden, withdrew from consideration over concerns about untangling his financial holdings.
Trump announced his plan to ban transgender service members on Twitter last month. The move took the Joint Chiefs of Staff by surprise, and the Pentagon has said it is awaiting an official order from Trump before making a policy change.
The White House has yet to send official guidance to the Pentagon on the ban.
In 2016, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the military's ban on transgender service members while giving the Pentagon time to implement the policy change. Defense Secretary James Mattis was still studying whether to allow new transgender recruits to join the military when Trump announced an outright ban.
Five active-duty transgender service members on Wednesday filed a lawsuit against Trump's Twitter directive, arguing it was unconstitutional.
Asked about the ban Thursday, Trump said he was doing the military “a great favor.”
“I think I'm doing a lot of people a favor by coming out and just saying it,” Trump said. “As you know it's been a very complicated issue for the military, it's been a very confusing issue for the military and I think I'm doing the military a great favor.”
Spencer is not the first military official to express concern over the ban. Coast Guard Commandant Paul Zukunft pledged to “not break faith” with transgender service members in the Coast Guard while speaking at a Washington think tank earlier this month.
Zukunft added that he reached out to all 13 transgender members of the Coast Guard after Trump's tweets announcing the ban.
Comments
