Photos: Spurs training ahead of Gent game
🙌 Hard work in training at Hotspur Way today. 🙌 #COYS pic.twitter.com/s1PyqsUFLR — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) February 14, 2017
Tottenham Hotspur's players have been training at their Hotspur Way base as they prepare to face Belgian side Gent in the Europa League.
Mauricio Pochettino and his players will be looking to bounce back from a limp display at Liverpool last weekend when they play their last-32 first leg in Belgium on Thursday evening.
Goalkeeper and captain Hugo Lloris was put through his paces on the training ground.
And the outfield players were in action, too. Here are some photos of their drills today.
PHILADELPHIA — Mike Hoffman dazzled in the shootout while Craig Anderson was simply solid.
Hoffman's tally was the only goal among 12 players in the shootout and lifted the Ottawa Senators to a 4-3 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on Saturday.
Anderson made 33 saves in regulation in overtime before six Flyers tried and failed to score against him in the shootout.
“Yeah, I think tonight was one of those nights where you're just feeling pretty good with the shootout, being patient, not moving too much,” Anderson said. “And they miss the net on the second one — you need a little bit of luck sometimes with those. I've been in there where you can't stop anything, so every night is something new.”
The Senators looked like they had the game won in regulation, but Nolan Patrick tied it with 2.6 seconds left in the third period to force overtime.
Neither team scored in the 3-on-3 5-minute period and neither looked like it was going to score in the shootout, either. After six Flyers shooters and five Senators missed, Hoffman finally connected with a pretty move that beat Michal Neuvirth and sent Ottawa to consecutive victories for the first time since Jan. 5-6.
Hoffman got Neuvirth to bite on his forehand fake and then reached back with just his right hand on the stick for the winning goal.
“There are moves that work,” Hoffman said. “Some don't. If you don't try them, you never know.”
Derick Brassard, Matt Duchene and Chris DiDomenico scored in regulation and Ryan Dzingel had a pair of assists for Ottawa. Craig Anderson made 33 saves for the Senators.
Sean Couturier and Scott Laughton also scored in regulation for Philadelphia, which lost its fourth straight to hurt its playoff position. The Flyers began play clinging to the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference but just a point ahead of the Rangers and Islanders.
“It's an important point that we earned in the third period, but I don't think it leaves any satisfaction for us,” Flyers coach Dave Hakstol said.
The Senators entered with the third-fewest points in the NHL and tied for the least road wins with six but managed to take advantage of Philadelphia and its tenuous goalie situation.
With top goaltender Brian Elliott (lower body) sidelined for the fourth straight game, Hakstol elected to start rookie Alex Lyon for the second consecutive contest. Lyon made his first career start in Thursday's 4-3 loss at New Jersey.
Elliott's regular backup, Neuvirth, had started Wednesday's 5-3 loss in Washington before being pulled for Lyon. Neuvirth may have landed in Hakstol's doghouse after the game by saying he was ill, something he hadn't conveyed to Hakstol beforehand.
Neuvirth replaced Lyon to start the third period with the Senators leading 3-1.
Hakstol said he began with Lyon strictly because of Neuvirth's health.
“(Neuvirth) was available if needed and I thought that was the right time to make a change for our team,” he said.
Laughton's tip of Brandon Manning's slap shot with 5:45 left in the third pulled the Flyers within a goal. And Patrick knotted the game at 3 on a rebound after Craig Anderson stopped Shayne Gostisbehere's slap shot from the point.
The Senators scored a pair of first-period goals to take a 2-0 lead.
Duchene opened the scoring when he deked around Laughton and roofed over Lyon's glove with 9:07 left in the period. Brassard followed 39 seconds later when he poked home his 13th of the season.
Couturier ended a six-game goal drought with his 27th of the season, extending his career high, 3:53 into the second period to get the Flyers on the board.
Ottawa went ahead by two again with 6:58 left in the second when DiDomenico finished a 2-on-1 break after an assist from Dzingel. The odd-man rush started when Claude Giroux slipped just over the blue line in the Flyers zone.
The Senators appeared to go in front three goals with 2.9 seconds left in the second when Brassard beat Lyon for a second time, but the goal was disallowed after a coach's challenge determined Ottawa was offside on the play.
NOTES: Elliott skated on Friday and could be ready for the Flyers' next game, Tuesday at Carolina. … The Senators' Bobby Ryan (hand) didn't play after getting hurt in the third period of Thursday's 2-1 win over Anaheim. Ryan will miss Sunday's game against Montreal. … The Senators won both games of the season series, which wraps up Feb. 24 in Ottawa.
UP NEXT
Senators: At Montreal on Sunday.
Flyers: At Carolina on Tuesday night.
——
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By JOE MANDAKAssociated Press
PITTSBURGH (AP) - The Pittsburgh Penguins' Stanley Cup championship, the first an NHL team has won back to back in almost 20 years, spawned by far the biggest victory parade of any of the franchise's five titles.
An estimated 650,000 people turned out along a downtown parade route that ended with a rally at Point State Park, city public works and public safety officials said Wednesday. A sunny day with temperatures in the 80s didn't hurt, as the smell of sunscreen was as pungent as the Penguins' love in a city that boasts, officially, only 305,000 residents.
"These guys are fierce competitors," coach Mike Sullivan told the crowd from a stage in the triangular park formed by the confluence of the city's three rivers. "They just know how to win."
Roughly 400,000 fans attended last year's celebration, which was the biggest for any of the team's Stanley Cup championships to that point.
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6. And judging from signs and chants from the crowd, this championship was sweetened by the adversity the team overcame.
Playoff MVP and Penguins captain Sidney Crosby was knocked out for the better part of two games with a concussion against the Washington Capitals, and the Penguins played without their best defenseman, Kris Letang, who had neck surgery before the playoffs.
As the players took the stage to PPG Paints Arena announcer Ryan Mill's introductions, fans also learned that Ian Cole, another defenseman, played through a broken hand and broken ribs. And Brian Bonino, who broke his leg blocking a shot but still finished Game 2 of the finals before missing the rest, hobbled around on crutches while taking selfies with fans.
A couple of bittersweet story lines punctuated the festivities: 40-year-old veteran Matt Cullen, who has won two Cups since joining the Penguins as a free agent last season, has hinted he might retire, prompting fans to chant, "One more year!" And, perhaps the best story of the playoffs was how former starting goalie Marc-Andre Fleury regained that job when rookie Matt Murray was injured during warm-ups in the first game of the playoffs. Fleury was in net for nine of the 16 victories the Penguins needed to win the Cup before Murray returned from injury to replace Fleury after a shaky third-round game against Ottawa and was in net for Pittsburgh's final seven playoff wins.
Fleury, one of the most popular Penguins with fans and teammates, is likely to leave when the new Las Vegas franchise drafts its players or in an offseason trade.
Phil Kessel, another fan favorite since the Penguins acquired him from Toronto two seasons ago, drew some of the biggest cheers.
Fan Kristen Pearce, of Green Bay, Wisconsin, drove down to honor Kessel, a Wisconsin native, and was lucky enough to have him autograph her jersey and her sign, which read, "We drove from Wisconsin to see our Stanley Cup champion!"
Some fans lined up the night before, and most waited several hours for the parade to start.
Karla and Don Donahue drove 30 miles from Freeport to claim their seats in Point State Park at 2:30 a.m. This was the third victory parade for the Donahues, who also attended in 2009 and 2016.
Karla Donahue said if they aren't at the games they're watching on TV.
"If we're somewhere else, it's on the radio," she said. "We haven't missed a game in years."
The Penguins also won the Cup in 1991 and 1992. They became the first team to repeat as champions since the Detroit Red Wings did it in 1997 and 1998.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The KHS 24th annual Waggin' Trail Walk & Festival for the Animals will take place on June 10. (Source: KHS)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Fun in the sun isn't only for the kids, but it's also for kids who are of the four legs and wagging tails variety.
The Kentucky Humane Society's 24th annual Waggin' Trail Walk & Festival for the Animals will be held Sunday, June 10, at the Louisville Water Tower Park on River Road from 2-5 p.m.
This popular walk and festival, presented by Hill's Pet Nutrition, raises money for Kentucky's largest pet adoption agency. In addition to the walk, the dog-friendly festival features beer, food trucks, music, children's activities, adoptable dogs and horses, doggie oasis tents and beautiful river front views.
New this year: Lucky Dogs will offer lure coursing as a pay-per-run event. Lure coursing is a fun game of chase that any dog can play by chasing an artificial lure across a field.
“After the 2:30 p.m. walk, people can stay and enjoy the festival with their animals and other pet lovers while they support needy dogs, cats and horses,” said Alisa Gray, KHS Vice President of Outreach.
Other highlights include an animal art booth, in which owners can have their pets create unique works of art; a photo booth; gourmet dog popsicles by Dog Hill Pawp; and food trucks Get in Your Belly Deli and Motoring Gastro.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Archdiocese of Louisville and LG&E make history with new solar array
+ Teachers, students stage walk-ins in support of JCPS board
+ Parking directions released for graduations at the Kentucky Expo Center
Animal rescue groups will have adoptable dogs and information about fostering pets, and vendors will offer a variety of pet products and services, including rescue-themed T-shirts, pet toys, collars and leashes, and information about local veterinary services.
Participants register for Waggin' Trail online here and can invite family, friends and coworkers to sponsor their walks. They can join as individuals or teams.
Registration is $35 for adults or $25 for children ages 12 and younger.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Image source: Getty Images.
Continue Reading Below
Happy New Year everyone! For those of you who stuck to your long-term game plan in 2016, you were handsomely rewarded. All three major U.S. stock indexes pushed to new all-time highs during the course of 2016, and the unemployment rate hit a more than nine-year low.
But there's always work left to be done and ways you can improve your financial situation, whether it be through investing or improved financial practices. With the spirit of New Year's resolutions still fresh in everyone's minds, let's take a look at 17 financial resolutions you can consider implementing in 2017 — or as I like to call it, 17 for '17. If you pick and stick to even a handful of these financial resolutions, I'd be willing to bet that your financial situation will improve.
1. Formulate and stick to a budget
According to a 2013 Gallup poll, just a third of all Americans keep a detailed monthly budget. The problem with not keeping a budget is that you'll have a poor understanding of your cash flow, which makes it veritably impossible to adjust your spending habits and optimize your ability to save. The good news is you can find budgeting software online these days, and most of it is free. The hardest thing to do is stay committed and accountable to your budget. That's where being SMART comes in handy— by forming specific, measurable, achievable, realistic, and time-based goals, you'll have a way to hold yourself accountable to your budget, and you'll also be able to measure your progress.
2. Check your portfolio only after the market has closed for the day
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Tired of your emotions getting the better of you? Make a resolution in 2017 not to check how your investment portfolio fared for the day until after the closing bell. Waiting to check how you did until after the market closes will allow you to really process whether any press releases or news has a meaningful effect on your investment thesis or not, and it'll keep you from making rash buy or sell decisions based on the movements of a stock, or a news release, during the day. You'll probably sleep better at night, too.
Image source: Getty Images.
3. Contribute to a Roth/Traditional IRA
We're big believers at The Motley Fool in investing for your future, and one of the better ways to accomplish this is by opening up either a Traditional IRA or Roth IRA, both of which have $5,500 contribution limits in 2017 for those aged 49 and under, and $6,500 for persons aged 50 and up. A Traditional IRA is a tax-deferred account, meaning you'll owe federal tax once you begin making withdrawals during retirement, but contributions can also lower your current-year tax liability. Conversely, gains in a Roth IRA are completely free of taxation when taking withdrawals during retirement, but there's no upfront tax deduction as with a Traditional IRA. Choose the one that suits you best in 2017 and start/continue building that nest egg.
4. Maximize your 401(k) contribution
If you're offered an employer-sponsored 401(k), perhaps 2017 is the time to fully maximize it. This year, as with 2016, contribution limits are $18,000 for employees under the age of 50 and $24,000 for those aged 50 and up. Since 401(k)s have beefier annual contribution limits compared to IRAs, and a growing number of employers are offering to match a percentage of their employees' annual wages (3% is fairly common), maximizing your 401(k) could be the perfect way to get your retirement nest egg back on track.
5. Check your credit report
According to Consumer Financial Protection Bureau data from 2010-2011, the last year the data was made available, just 8% of all U.S. adults with credit files accessed their annual free credit report. That means 92% of Americans have no clue what could be lurking on their credit report. It's not uncommon to find errors from one or more of the three credit reporting agencies, meaning if you're not looking, an error could be torpedoing your credit score. Did I mention that checking your credit report is free once a year, and it'll absolutely, 100% not hurt your credit score? Go to AnnualCreditReport.com to get your free annual credit report from all three reporting bureaus (Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion).
Image source: Getty Images.
6. Set up a DRIP for at least one of your stock holdings
Do you have a stock in your portfolio that pays a dividend? If so, chances are very good that you can set up a Dividend Reinvestment Plan, or DRIP, with your broker. Instead of pocketing your dividend, your broker will purchase more shares of the dividend-paying stock in question with the payout. By doing so, you'll own more shares of dividend-paying stock and receive an even bigger dividend payment, assuming the payment stays the same or grows, the next time your dividend stock makes a payout. DRIPs are a common strategy used by the most successful money managers to compound their wealth, and setting up one can literally be as easy as a few clicks on a computer.
7. Opt out of overdraft protection for your checking account
Are you one of the tens of millions of Americans who has a checking account with overdraft protection? If so, your bank may have been harvesting money from you in 2016. A new analysis by U.S. PIRG Education Fund found that big banks made $8.4 billion in overdraft fee income during the first nine months of 2016, up 4% year-over-year. The solution to avoid paying overdraft fees is simple: tell your bank you want to opt out. Though your debit card will decline a transaction if you don't have sufficient funds, you'll also keep from racking up monstrous overdraft fees and pushing your checking account into the red.
8. Beef up your emergency savings
According to a recently released report from GoBankingRates, 69% of Americans have less than $1,000 in savings, including 34% with $0. On the flipside, a mere 15% of those surveyed had $10,000 or more saved for possible emergencies. In 2017, you should make it a point to bolster your savings account if you don't have enough cash to cover at least six months of expenses should an emergency, like losing a job, arise.
Image source: Getty Images.
9. Ask your lenders to lower your interest rate
Did you know that lender interest rates aren't necessarily set in stone? If you're shopping for a mortgage, for example, and you have excellent credit, such as a FICO score in excess of 780, you may be able to net a lower interest rate by simply asking a prospective lender to lower it, or by pitting multiple lenders against one another for your business. Similarly, if you have a credit account with a variable interest rate, and your credit score has dramatically improved in recent months/years, consider calling your lender and asking them to lower your interest rate. The worst thing you'll be told is “No,” which really isn't that bad.
10. Adjust your tax withholding status
Though you might enjoy receiving a fat refund check from Uncle Sam every April, receiving a tax refund signifies that you overpaid the federal government during the course of the previous year. Worse yet, you allowed Uncle Sam to hang onto your money without paying you a dime in interest. In 2017, make the effort to adjust your federal tax withholding rate to get to as close to $0 owed/refund as possible. Doing so could put more money in your pocket with each paycheck, which means more capital you can use to build your emergency savings, pay off debt, or kick-start a retirement account.
11. Open and contribute to a Health Savings Account
Do you have health coverage through your employer? If so, there's a good chance you qualify to open a Health Savings Account (HSA). HSAs are open to more than 80% of working Americans. You simply need to be enrolled in a high-deductible health plan, not be enrolled in Medicare, and not be claimed on someone else's tax return as a dependent to qualify. Money within an HSA account can be used by the accountholder, regardless of their age, to pay for qualified medical expenses. Best of all, the money pulled out is penalty-free and tax-free. Opening and contributing to an HSA could be a perfect way to combat rising premiums and deductibles. The contribution limits in 2017 are $3,400 for an individual and $6,750 for a family.
Image source: Getty Images.
12. Set up an automatic savings plan
One of the easier ways to derail your retirement, as well as your financial resolution to save and invest more, is simply “forgetting” to do so. If you have to remember to transfer funds from a checking account to a brokerage account every week, you're liable to forget. However, you could just as easily set up an automatic savings plan (ASP) with a broker or your bank that would automatically withdraw a set dollar amount each week, two weeks, month, or quarter from your checking or savings account. An ASP is the perfect excuse-killer for those of you who struggle to save and invest.
13. Turn a hobby into cash
Do you have hobbies that you enjoy outside of your normal job? Consider turning those hobbies into a second income stream. Writing and blogging, for instance, could net you extra cash (I can speak to this firsthand). Meanwhile, online sales channels like Amazon, eBay, and Etsy provide a platform for individuals and small businesses to reach a larger audience with their crafted products. If you've got a fun hobby, make 2017 the year you monetize it.
14. Give to charity
Want a unique financial resolution in 2017? Commit to giving at least some of what you earn to your favorite charity or group of charities. Giving has a doubly positive effect. Not only do you get to support causes that you strongly believe in, but your donation acts as a tax deduction that can lower your tax bill or boost your refund. Your deduction corresponds with your highest marginal tax bracket. In other words, if your last dollar earned corresponds to the 25% ordinary income tax bracket, you can receive a $0.25 deduction for every $1 you donate.
Image source: Getty Images.
15. Get a health checkup
Sometimes spending money saves you money. In this instance, heading to your primary care physician (PCP) for an annual checkup could save you a headache and a lot of money. An annual checkup helps your PCP diagnose potentially chronic diseases early, and the earlier you diagnose a problem, the better your chances to fix it. Furthermore, catching a chronic disease diagnosis early can also mean lower treatment expenses and less chance of costly complications.
16. Get your car a checkup, too
While we're on the subject of checkups, don't forget about your automobile. Though it might seem tedious to drop $40 on an oil and $100 on a transmission fluid change from time to time, keeping up with the regular maintenance of your vehicle is a lot cheaper than spending $4,000 on a new engine or $3,500 on a new transmission.
17. Take a vacation
Lastly — and why do I feel like this will be at the top of everyone's list — make sure you take time for you! Taking a vacation often leads to greater productivity at work and has significant health benefits. Plus, as investors we all need to unplug on occasion and enjoy time with our friends and family.
The $15,834 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $15,834 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
Sean Williamshas no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen nameTMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle@TMFUltraLong.
The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, eBay, and Etsy. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Mike Myers has led tributes to his Austin Powers co-star Verne Troyer, who has died aged 49.
The 2ft 8ins tall actor known for playing Mini-Me in the spoof spy movies died on Friday, according to a statement on his social media accounts.
Troyer had openly struggled with alcoholism and had been admitted to hospital in Los Angeles earlier this month. His cause of death is not yet clear.
It is with great sadness and incredibly heavy hearts to write thatVerne passed away today.Verne was an extremely… Posted by Verne J Troyer on Saturday, April 21, 2018
Myers, co-creator and star of the Austin Powers films, said: “Verne was the consummate professional and a beacon of positivity for those of us who had the honour of working with him.
“It is a sad day, but I hope he is in a better place. He will be greatly missed.”
The statement announcing the US actor's death did not state a cause, but mentioned depression and suicide and described the actor as a “fighter” who was unable to overcome his latest battle.
“Verne was an extremely caring individual. He wanted to make everyone smile, be happy, and laugh,” it read.
“Verne was also a fighter when it came to his own battles. Over the years he's struggled and won, struggled and won, struggled and fought some more, but unfortunately this time was too much.
“Depression and suicide are very serious issues. You never know what kind of battle someone is going through inside. Be kind to one another. And always know, it's never too late to reach out to someone for help.”
RIP & fly with the angels @VerneTroyer. Thank you for all you gave the world. You are already missed… pic.twitter.com/RQVjxWvz1Z — Shannon Elizabeth (@ShannonElizab) April 21, 2018
Troyer, who appeared on Celebrity Big Brother in 2009, was recently baptised while surrounded by family, the message added.
The actor's credits also include Harry Potter And The Philosopher's Stone and Men In Black.
The statement added that well-wishers should donate to the Starkey Hearing Foundation and Best Buddies instead of giving flowers.
American glamour model Carmen Electra shared a snap of the two of them on Instagram in which she can be seen holding Troyer in her arms.
The Baywatch actress simply posted “R.I.P Verne Troyer” along with the image.
West Wing star Marlee Matlin took to Twitter in the wake of the news, describing him as having a “lovely smile with a caring and big heart”.
Singer Vanilla Ice and American Pie actress Shannon Elizabeth also posted images of themselves with Troyer following the news of his death.
The Yankees are taking on Cleveland in a best-of-five series, and two of the Indians' best hitters — Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion — are Dominican, too. So the subtext to that series might be vitilla vs. vitilla.
Photo
The latest Dominican standout in the majors raised on vitilla is Rafael Devers, the 20-year-old, robustly built rookie third baseman for the Boston Red Sox. After churning through various players at third base this season and not settling on any of them, the Red Sox called up Devers on July 25.
He didn't disappoint. In 240 plate appearances across 58 games, he hit .284 with 10 home runs and had a number of significant hits as the Red Sox held off the Yankees to win the American League East. And in Game 1 of Boston's series against Houston on Thursday, he drove in the tying run with a sacrifice fly early in the game only to see the Astros pull away.
Devers signed with the Red Sox for $1.5 million in 2013, when he was 16, and played only nine games at Class AAA Pawtucket this season before reaching the major leagues, capping a meteoric ascent through the minors.
“You lose sight of the fact that he's 20 years old,” Red Sox Manager John Farrell said recently. “Nothing seems to faze him.''
By appearance alone, Devers looks like he belongs in a high school classroom. He still had braces two years ago. His nickname, Carita (“Little Face”), bestowed by friends while playing vitilla years ago, is testament to the baby face he still possesses.
Devers picked up the nickname back home in Santo Domingo, the capital of the Dominican Republic. He moved to that city from the northern end of the country at a young age. And nearly every day growing up, at school or after it, on a field or in the street, Devers played vitilla with a regular group of friends.
Photo
“Vitilla is good training in the Dominican, but it's different than baseball,” Devers said.
And yet the concept is the same — to hit a moving object with a stick. But because the vitilla is smaller than a baseball and moves unpredictably when thrown, and because the bat is thinner, some major leaguers from the Dominican Republic believe playing it so regularly helped their hand-eye coordination.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I have a good curveball because of it,” said Fernando Abad, a left-handed Red Sox reliever who did not make the first-round roster for Boston because the Astros have so many right-handed hitters. “It's a top, but based on how you hold it, I think it helped me. And it's the same action as throwing a baseball.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Both Castro and Jose Reyes, the Mets' infielder, said the game was good training for their eyes at a young age. “It's not easy to hit a little thing like that, and at the velocity they throw it and the way it moves,” Castro said.
Wilmer Difo, a utility player on the Washington Nationals, who take on the Chicago Cubs in a first-round series that begins Friday, said he thought vitilla ''helped a lot'' when he was developing his baseball skills in the Dominican.
“The vitilla isn't a ball,'' he added. “It moves many ways. It's hard to hit. To hit it, you really have to see well.''
Of course, this is hardly scientific evidence. “Maybe it helped, but you can't prove it,” said Devers's teammate and fellow Dominican Eduardo Núñez when asked about vitilla recently. “It's like a myth.”
Photo
The diaspora of Dominicans in the United States has brought vitilla to several parts of New York, including the Bronx. In other baseball-loving countries, vitilla exists in other forms. Chapita is a similar game from Venezuela, and major league baseball players from there said they grew up playing it.
But perhaps none of these games resonates the way vitilla does. Devers called it “a great game and fun,'' and said he still played it in the off-season.
And whatever he is playing — be it third base for the Red Sox or vitilla in a Dominican sandlot — Devers, who is listed at 6 feet and 195 pounds, is more agile than you would think.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When he was first called up, he told his agent his goal was to stay in the major leagues for good, and he has so far. Any bit of pressure Devers felt initially has faded. “It's the same baseball,” he said. “You can't do more. I tried to the same I've always done: Enjoy the game and play my game.''
Devers said he had relished playing in front of large crowds at Fenway Park. He is happy that there are Dominican restaurants in Boston because, he said, he cannot even cook an egg without burning a finger. And teammates like Núñez and shortstop Xander Bogaerts, who is from Aruba but speaks fluent Spanish, have eased his transition.
Devers seems likely to become a fixture for the Red Sox in the seasons ahead. And vitilla, that simple game with a bat and the cap of a jug, will always be part of his résumé.
LAVAL, Que. — Jeremy Bracco had one of four Toronto goals in the second period and added an assist as the Marlies beat the Laval Rocket 5-2 on Saturday for their fourth straight win in American Hockey League action.
Andreas Johnsson, Kasperi Kapanen and Frederik Gauthier also found the back of the net in the second with Ben Smith scoring an empty netter in the third for Toronto (20-5-0), the Maple Leafs' AHL affiliate. Travis Dermott and Kerby Rychel tacked on two assists apiece.
Chris Terry and Niki Petti scored for the Rocket (10-11-6), Montreal's farm club.
Calvin Pickard made 17 saves for the win in net as Michael McNiven stopped 27-of-31 shots in defeat.
Laval's Daniel Audette received a major penalty and game misconduct for elbowing in the third period.
The Marlies were 2 for 8 on the power play and Laval was scoreless on four attempts.
Quit noitce on Igbos: Full speech of what Osinabjo told northern leaders
Acting President Yemi Osibanjo, on Tuesday warned youths in the North that the Federal Government will not take the threats issued to Igbos to leave the region lightly. He spoke during a consultative meeting with elders and leaders of thought in Northern states at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The parley also had in attendance the […]
Quit noitce on Igbos: Full speech of what Osinabjo told northern leaders
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Yesha Council on Wednesday evening described the construction plans aimed at expanding Qalqiliya at the expense of Jewish areas as “outrageous”.
"The approval of the Arab construction plans in Area C is outrageous because in areas A and B, the Arabs are building as much as they want and without plans. At the same time, the construction in Israeli areas is limited to certain areas only. We do not accept this distorted equation and will not agree to it. The rights of the Israeli residents in Judea, Samaria and the Jordan Valley are no less than those of the Arab residents," the Council's said in a statement.
NEW YORK (AP) - Federal law enforcement officials say they disrupted a plot to carry out terrorist attacks at New York City locations, including concert venues, subway stations and Times Square.
Prosecutors announced Friday that three men based in Canada, Pakistan and the Philippines had conspired to carry out terror attacks in the summer of 2016 in the name of the Islamic State.
Prosecutors say 19-year-old Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy bought materials to make a bomb but was arrested after traveling to New Jersey in May of 2016.
He pleaded guilty later that year, but the case was sealed while the investigation continued.
Nineteen-year-old U.S. citizen Talha Haroon was arrested in Pakistan in 2016. Thirty-seven-year-old Russell Salic was arrested in the Philippines in April.
It's not clear if they have attorneys.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Facebook just rolled out a new feature designed to connect people in a time of crisis.
Named Community Help, it's part of Safety Check, the feature that allows users to mark themselves safe after a natural disaster, accident, fire, terrorist attack or other serious incident.
When people mark themselves safe in Facebook's Safety Check feature, they will be presented with an option to find help. Users will be able to connect with good samaritans on Facebook who are able to offer shelter, water, transportation, baby supplies, or something else. Users can also parse through the results in various ways, such as the number of people a good samaritan is willing to shelter.
Safety Check is demonstrated through images released by Facebook. Facebook
"Designing for such a large, diverse audience is an intimidating task because these tools need to work across a number of factors like languages, cultures, borders, network conditions and so on. Our team in particular faces the added challenge of ensuring that the tools we design can be used in difficult crisis environments where people are under extreme duress," said Preethi Chethan, a product designer on the social good team at Facebook, in a Medium post.
Related: On Facebook's 13th Birthday, A Look Back at Key Milestones
At a briefing ahead of the announcement in San Francisco, Chethan explained how she and her team traveled to Chennai, India, to learn about the experience of using Safety Check after flooding.
What they learned rang true around the world after a major incident: People want to help their neighbors, regardless if it's in Paris after the terror attacks or Oakland after the Ghost Ship warehouse fire.
Community Help will live within Safety Check. For the first few weeks, Facebook plans to roll it out in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, India, and Saudi Arabia, and will focus solely on natural disasters and accidents. After that, Facebook expects to go global with the feature and eventually support a variety of emergency incidents.
Through Safety check on Facebook, people can ask and offer help within their community in times of crisis. Facebook
Relying on the kindness of strangers of course comes with some safety concerns. Facebook is making it clear that it will push user education around safety by adding controls to report posts and respecting privacy by showing a wide circle of a person's location, instead of an actual pin. Community Help will also be limited to users 18 and older.
LONDON — Campaigners in France are claiming a victory after more than 300,000 people signed a petition against President Emmanuel Macron's plans to enshrine in law a formal first lady role for his wife, Brigitte.
Like the U.S., France does not have an official title for the presidential spouse but they are often informal champions for charitable causes. Past presidential wives have had administrative assistants at the Elysee palace in Paris, as well as security protection.
Centrist Macron wants to formalize that role, setting out precise costs to the French taxpayer and publishing information about her access to presidential staff. He made clear Brigitte would not receive a public salary, but many French voters are leery of U.S. style politics and Americanisation of their politics.
French first lady Brigitte Macron Alain Jocard / AFP - Getty Images
Rivals last month launched a change.org petition saying Macron's plans were unnecessary — a call that resonated with voters after conservative challenger Francois Fillon's campaign was derailed by allegations he paid his wife public money for fictitious work as a parliamentary assistant.
Unlike U.S. election candidates, French politicians almost never campaign with their spouses. Macron's invitation for Brigitte to take the stage at his rallies raised eyebrows among observers.
Now it appears Macron's office has softened.
“Very good news, the Elysée backs off,” Thierry Paul Valette, an artist and founder of the National Equality movement wrote Wednesday in an update to his change.org petition. “There will be no official First Lady status for the wife of the head of state.”
The petition, which had attracted 307,700 electronic signatures by early Friday, says there is “no reason why the wife of the head of state should get a budget from public funds.”
“We fiercely denounce all sexist attacks against Brigitte Macron and we do not question her skills,” the petition says. “However, during a clean-up period in French politics, in which a decree was passed prohibiting lawmakers from employing a member of their family … we cannot endorse the idea of a statute for the wife of President Macron.”
Emmanuel Macron poses next to his wife Brigitte, President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump outside the Army Museum in Paris. Michel Euler / AFP - Getty Images
There has been no formal announcement from the presidential palace to confirm Valette's claim, but official spokesman Christophe Castaner on Tuesday responded to the snowballing petition with a series of tweets insisting any changes would be “simply an exercise in transparency.”
“No changes to the constitution, no new system, no salary for Brigitte Macron,” he promised, accusing the president's rivals of “hypocrisy.”
Clementine Autain, from the far-left movement France Insoumise, called the idea of giving official status to the first lady "stupid."
"I'm sorry, but there's no need for a status of first lady in a democratic, modern, 21st-century system," the lawmaker told BFM television.
The status of the president's partner is a sensitive issue in France following a series of scandals in the past few decades, including Macron predecessor Francois Hollande's complex private life.
Hollande entered office with his girlfriend Valerie Trierweiler at his side, but she left him after a tabloid magazine exposed Hollande's secret affair with actress Julie Gayet in January 2014.
The French got used to the absence of a first lady: Gayet never publicly appeared by Hollande's side.
Before him, Sarkozy was the first French president to divorce and remarry while in office.
File: French President Nicolas Sarkozy and his wife Carla Bruni Sarkozy arrive at the Elysee palace after the annual Bastille Day military parade in Paris July 14, 2008. Benoit Tessier / Reuters
His former wife, Cecilia, had a prominent role at his side. The couple divorced in the first year of his term. Sarkozy then remarried, to supermodel Carla Bruni.
But the major scandal remains the one surrounding Francois Mitterrand, president from 1981 to 1995. Mitterrand had a secret family made up of his mistress, Anne Pingeot, and their daughter, who lived in a state-owned apartment in Paris.
Brigitte Macron, 64, met the president when he was a 16-year-old student at a Jesuit high school in the northern French city of Amiens. She was his drama teacher, and married with three children.
He declared he would marry her. A decade later, after her divorce, they wed and now live with her adult children. “We don't have a classic family, that's an undeniable reality,” he told reporters on the campaign trail.
Last month President Donald Trump was overheard complimenting her during an official visit to Paris. "You're in such good shape,” Trump remarked, before turning to the French president. “She's in such good physical shape,” Trump told him.
Trump then looked back at the French first lady, adding: “Beautiful.”
Manchester City coach Mikel Arteta suffered a cut to the head after being hit by a bottle launched by Manchester United striker Romelu Lukaku, according to Spanish outlet Cadena SER.
The former Arsenal midfielder was left with a wound above his eye after being hit by a bottle thrown by Lukaku, the report claims.
The incident was reportedly part of a wider fracas involving players and coaching staff from both teams.
United manager Jose Mourinho is said to have visited the City dressing room to tell them to tone down their celebrations after a 1-2 win in the top-of-the-table clash.
He allegedly made a comment in Portuguese that was heard by Brazilian goalkeeper Ederson, sparking a row between them that ended in Mourinho being showered in milk and water.
The Daily Mirror says City deny that claim.
But it quotes eye witnesses as saying there was a rush of people towards the door of the away dressing room as the incident unfolded.
More than 280 Derbyshire routes were gritted during the weekend snowfall, the county council has revealed.
The authority said that between Friday and Sunday 287 routes were gritted, with the hardest hits part of the county for snow including the south west and north west.
This winter the council started with more than 27,000 tonnes of salt – usually referred to as grit and during the weekend 2,000 tonnes were spread, the equivalent of more than 100 large lorry loads. Around 23,500 are currently stockpiled for future bad weather.
The council said its fleet of 36 gritters, all of which are fitted with snow ploughs, were on the roads around the clock, salting 26 primary and 22 secondary routes.
The authority is responsible for looking after 3,500 miles of roads and grits around 1,500 miles – 1,000 on primary routes and around 500 on secondary.
Volunteers also helped clear snow and ice from pavements and footpaths, and put down grit in their local communities, as part of the council's snow warden scheme.
Almost 50 farmers and other contractors – paid by the council – also helped clear snow, generally in rural areas.
Councillor Simon Spencer, Derbyshire County Council Cabinet Member for Highways, Transport and Infrastructure, said: “Our gritter drivers – working in 12-hour shifts, have been working tirelessly in challenging conditions and often unseen by the public, to keep the county safe and moving.”
Councillor Spencer added: “It's not realistic to grit every single road which is why we target our gritting on the roads that benefit the greatest number of people and the most important services. This is also why we work closely with local communities to help out in the areas where it is not practical for us to reach.”
Councillor Spencer said: “While more snow is not immediately expected road surface temperatures are expected to remain below freezing and could dip to as low as -7C in parts of the county overnight. This means that ice could be an issue on the roads, even those that have been gritted, as grit is less effective at temperatures below -5C, so I urge motorists to take extra care.
“Drivers should make sure their vehicles are well-maintained and they are well-prepared for their journeys with adequate clothing, food and drink and it's a good idea to carry a shovel.”
Councillor Spencer added: “I'd also ask that motorists park considerately, so that gritters can complete their runs and emergency vehicles can continue to pass.”
Major roads – known as primary routes – are gritted during the day and night when necessary and are pre-gritted before bad weather hits. These include A roads, heavily-used B roads, key bus routes, roads linking towns and larger villages and roads outside bus, train, police, fire, ambulance stations and hospitals.
Secondary routes may be treated before adverse weather hits. These can include bus routes in residential areas and well-used main roads through housing estates and villages, and roads in smaller villages.
The decision to grit is taken by the council's team of weather action officers who monitor detailed weather data.
There are 803 grit bins across Derbyshire, plus 1,250 owned by town and parish councils.
Details of gritting routes, including when the route was last treated can be found on our dedicated winter weather pages at www.derbyshire.gov.uk/snow. The pages also give details of grit bin locations.
RAMAT GAN, Israel — Each weekend, at gas stations and parking lots and parks across Israel, car collectors gather with their beauties — and take a step back in time.
They bring Plymouth Pontiacs from the 1930s and 40s and Chevrolets from the 1950s. One Israeli man named Coco owns a nearly century-old Ford Model T, considered to be the world's first affordable car.
About 1,000 people belong to Israel's car collectors' society, with about 4,000 cars between them. It's called the Five Club, named for the bygone era up until 1960, when Israel's license plates carried only five digits, not today's seven — though any car older than 30 years is eligible for membership.
Most of the Five Club's members are businesspeople or retirees in their 50s or older, with a great love of classic cars and a disposable income to match. Many buy their antique automobiles and spare parts online from the United States and import them to Israel.
They steadfastly keep their prized wheels covered from the beating Mediterranean sun, and then bring them to club gatherings on weekends. They line up their cars in rows, and other Israelis come and gawk. Sometimes, they bring their cars to mental hospital patients and at-risk youth, who enjoy honking the old horns.
The club's logo is a Middle Eastern tableau: a camel peeking out from behind an antique vehicle. The club's members are also a colorful mix representing some of Israel's diversity.
There are yarmulke-wearing Jews who drive their classic cars home from Friday afternoon gatherings before the start of the Sabbath, when the devout don't drive. There are non-religious Jews for whom the Sabbath is a gleeful opportunity to enjoy their old cars when the roads are largely empty. There are also Arabs, who make up a fifth of the population of the Jewish state.
Sitting by their parked cars, they chew sunflower seeds and talk shop about horsepower and engines, and where they bought spare parts. They talk about a time, long ago, when cars lasted longer and seemed to be made with soul.
“People forget the politics and the problems and everything,” said Ron Akerman, 56, a real estate broker and proud owner of a 1980 Volvo 245 DL station wagon.
He said the theme at their annual gathering this year held on Friday is old cars vs. their newer models. A Chevrolet from 1967 was displayed with a 2017 model and a Jaguar from 1970 with one also from 2017. The oldest car was a burgundy red Austin 8 from 1936, he said.
Akerman said this year's get-together is the biggest so far, featuring about 300 classic cars.
“In this crazy place called Israel you have islands of sanity,” he said.
AP photographer Oded Balilty has taken a closer look at some of the Five Club beauties, and here are some of his photos.
——
Follow Oded Balilty on Twitter: https://twitter.com/obalilty and on Instagram: https://instagram.com/odedbalilty
MIAMI (AP) – Tropical Storm Gert continues to strengthen in the Atlantic Ocean, with swells expected to soon begin affecting portions of the U.S. East Coast.
The National Hurricane Center said Gert was centered about 455 miles (735 kilometers) west-southwest of Bermuda Monday evening and had maximum sustained winds of 70 mph (110 kph). It is moving north at 8 mph (13 kph).
Gert is expected to become a hurricane Monday night.
A gradual turn toward the northeast with an increase in forward speed is forecast for Tuesday night.
Swells generated by Gert will begin to affect portions of Bermuda and the U.S. East Coast – from North Carolina to New York – over the next couple of days.
The Hurricane Center says these swells are likely to cause life-threatening surf and rip current conditions.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Some of what might have been the most successful shopping destinations in years past now are being gored by online competition.
Brick-and-mortar stores, especially department stores and big-box retailers, are in rapid decline due to Internet sales. Many are making adjustments as their market shares shrink.
But others aren't as fortunate, unable to survive and forced to close doors on hundreds of stores. The Lehigh Valley is seeing more and more of the latter.
Such distressed chains as Staples, Sears and Bon-Ton all announced the closure of 40 or more national locations in recent months. Gymboree, Rue 21, Toys 'R' Us and Payless ShoeSource all filed for bankruptcy this past year. RadioShack filed for a second bankruptcy in March.
And many other major retailers could experience the same demise in the New Year.
Share
Eight years after ending actual production of film cameras, Canon has discontinued the company's last film SLR. Canon Japan recently announced the end of sales for the Canon EOS-1V, a pro-level film SLR and the company's last remaining film option.
The end of the ability to buy a brand new (unused but stored for eight years) Canon EOS-1v is a notable, nostalgic moment for the company and Canon photographers. Canon hasn't produced a new film camera since 2010 but continued to sell the SLR from the remaining stock over eight years. An official announcement from Canon Japan gives the EOS-1V a casual death. “By the way,” the Google translated support page reads, “we are finally decided to end sales for the film single reflex camera EOS -1v.”
The company will continue to repair the film camera until 2025 unless parts run out. The discontinuation, of course, also doesn't end the secondhand market, a popular option for photographers looking for film.
The EOS-1v is now 18 years old after the 2000 launch, the fifth generation in the high-end series. Canon's current digital lineup still carries the EOS name, a line that's now over 30 years old. The EOS line, which stands for Electro Optical System, created the first electronic connection between the body and the lens. For film, that meant replacing levers and pins with electronics. As the line expanded into digital, the concept of that electrical connection allowed the camera lenses' metadata to be included in the image's EXIF.
The EOS 1 line was the professional model from Canon, a naming trend that continues with the Canon 1D-X series for digital bodies. Digital photographers that want to experiment with film can also use the same EOS lenses on both film and digital bodies (depending on the lens, some features aren't compatible).
Canon didn't say just how many EOS-1V bodies were left after manufacturing was discontinued, or if they ran out of the camera or just decided to end sales. But according to reports, the company's stash of the film body lasted eight years.
Photographers still pick up film cameras for a handful of reasons, including the aesthetic as well as using film as a learning tool. The secondhand market is a popular option for film enthusiasts because it allows for picking up film bodies at a lower price point. Nikon, for example, is still selling film bodies, but at about $570 for the FM10 and $2,670 for the F6.
Canon's discontinuation is notable, but not exactly the death of film. Along with Nikon still selling film cameras, instant film continues to be a popular option. Smaller companies have also stepped into the industry, such as MiNT's used camera refurbishing and the list of film cameras trying to get a start with crowdfunding, such as the Reflex and Rolleiflex's return with a twin-lens instant film camera.
Why it matters to you The entry-level Rebel T7i gives current Rebel shooters the best reason to upgrade, but the 77D is an all-new category of camera living between the Rebel series and the enthusiast-focused 80D.
Canon took the wraps off of two new DSLRs today, the EOS 77D and EOS Rebel T7i. Both cameras benefit from tech trickling down from the higher-end 80D, including the 24MP APS-C sensor with Dual Pixel live view autofocus, the Digic 7 image processor, and a 45-point all cross-type AF system. While the T7i serves as a standard update over the existing T6i, the 77D represents and entirely new class of camera for Canon.
EOS 77D
Positioned between the Rebel series and the 80D, the 77D is targeting aspiring enthusiasts or beginners who want more control than a Rebel but don't need quite the performance and durability of the 80D. That said, the camera is certainly no slouch. It shares the 80D's 7,650-pixel RGB+IR metering sensor and anti-flicker mode that helps achieve even exposures under flickering lights, like fluorescents. It can also shoot bursts at six frames per second, just one shy of the 80D.
The 77D looks and feels similar to the 80D, although it is a bit lighter. It offers Canon's more enthusiast-style control layout rather than the simplified, beginner-friendly layout of the Rebel series and includes a top LCD screen for viewing camera settings. The three-inch rear LCD is both articulating and touch-sensitive. Unlike the 80D, the 77D does not appear to be environmentally sealed and uses a smaller battery, the LP-E17, so advanced enthusiasts still have reason to consider the more expensive camera.
With the 77D, Canon has effectively replaced the Rebel T6s, which added a top LCD and a couple of other enthusiast-friendly features into the Rebel line. The 77D separates itself further from the T7i than the T6s did from the T6i, which should make it more attractive to its target demographic of advanced amateurs. The camera will be available in April for a price of $900 for the body, $1,049 with the new EF-S 18-55mm f/4-5.6 lS STM lens (see below), or $1,499 with the EF-S 18-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS USM lens.
More: Canon EOS 80D review
EOS Rebel T7i
The T7i is a classic Rebel in look and feel. On the inside, however, it is a surprisingly powerful machine, giving current Rebel shooters the best reason to upgrade that they've had in years. In addition to being the first Rebel to offer Dual Pixel AF with phase-detection, it shares many features with the 77D, including 6 frames-per-second continuous shooting, a three-inch articulating LCD screen, and Wi-Fi, NFC, and Bluetooth.
Taking feedback from beginning photographers, Canon put a refreshed user interface into the T7i that lets users see onscreen how changing settings will alter their images (the UI can be reverted to the standard version if preferred). The goal with this is to help guide photographers beyond automatic mode by making advanced exposure modes more approachable.
The Rebel T7i will also be available in April. Photographers can choose between the body only at a price of $750, with the new 18-55mm lens for $900, or with the 18-135mm for $1,299. While the T7i is a worthy upgrade from previous Rebel cameras, many Rebel users may be tempted to jump up to the 77D, given how close the two cameras are priced.
More: Canon's EOS system is turning 30 — here's what it really stands for
A new kit lens and Bluetooth remote
Both the 77D and T7i can be kitted with a new version of Canon's 18-55mm lens, which now features a slightly slower f/4-5.6 aperture. Despite the loss of a third-stop of light gathering capability at the wide end, most users will likely appreciate what this lens offers over its predecessor. Canon claims it is 20-percent smaller and stabilization has been improved to offer up to four stops of shake reduction. By itself, the EF-S 18-55mm f/4-5.6 IS STM will retail for $250 with availability scheduled for April.
Canon also introduced the BR-E1 Bluetooth remote, which works with both the T7i and 77D. Compared to traditional IR remotes, the BR-E1 will allow photographers to trigger the camera from anywhere within a 16-foot radius of the camera without the need for a direct line-of-sight. The new remote should also be available in April and will sell for $50. Even without the remote, users can control the new cameras over Bluetooth from the Canon Camera Connect app for iOS and Android.
In other news, Canon also issued a firmware update for its Canon Connect Station CS100 digital media hub. The CS100 is built around a one terabyte hard drive and lets users store, share, and display images and videos on their televisions over HDMI or wirelessly on mobile devices. The update adds support non-Canon cameras, improves smartphone compatibility, and allows for playback of videos that have been edited on a computer. Click here to read more about the CS100.
The Organization: Large DaaS Provider with Over 1,000 customers
The Organization's Infrastructure: VMware vSphere, Citrix XenDesktop, Azure
The Organization's Performance Monitoring Products: Goliath for Monitoring Azure & XenDesktop
The Business Challenge: Microsoft Azure Monitoring
This DaaS provider has delivered desktop workloads to users via Citrix XenDestkop from their local datacenter for several years. However, the influx of new customers has driven demand to a level that they could not sustain in their existing model. Procuring and provisioning datacenter resources was slow and not able to keep pace with growth. As a result, a strategic decision was made to deliver desktops from the cloud or DaaS using Microsoft Azure as the platform. One of the challenges was that this change would not happen overnight and a hybrid approach was necessary for the foreseeable future.
The new hybrid model presented visibility challenges, specifically due to the distributed nature of the infrastructure. An Azure monitoring technology was required that would allow them to manage on premises datacenter and Azure hosted workloads differently. Understanding resource utilization was necessary on premises to ensure performance was optimal. While in the cloud, resource monitoring needed to be focused on consumption, ensuring that the deployment was consistently “tuned” so the Azure monitoring had to measure metrics that would allow for cost-effective management. Furthermore, it was critical to have deep visibility into XenDesktop and XenApp at the session level metrics to ensure that user experience was not impacted in any way, regardless of where the workloads lived. Finally, the Azure monitoring solution needed to be scalable and dynamic, as workloads would be shifting from on premises to the cloud for the foreseeable future.
Read the entire article here, Azure Monitoring for DaaS Provider
via the fine folks at Goliath Technologies
Share
Doing laundry is never fun, but it's considerably better when you have your own washer and dryer. Adding heavy lifting downstairs (or down the block) to communal machines that just held who-knows-what adds a whole other layer to this chore. If you're in the market for a washer, one of the first choices you should make is between front-loaders and top-loaders. These machines treat your clothes very differently and there are lots of factors — from price to laundry room layout — that may sway you in one direction or the other.
Which is for you? We're here to help you suss out the pros and cons of front-load and top-load washing machines.
Bend and stack
It's been said falling in love is hard on the knees, and the same could be said of front-loaders. Even with a pedestal, they require some bending, and no matter what, we always end up dropping a sock or four when transfering to the dryer. However, some (but not all) are stackable, making them more apartment-friendly. One thing to keep in mind is which way the door swings open: You don't want your access to the interior obstructed by a door that can't open all the way. (Electrolux models have reversible doors.) Similarly, if you have a low shelf or want to put your machines under a counter, a top-loader's lid will be a problem. They do require less bending, but shorties have been known to have trouble reaching the last few items at the bottom of cavernous top-loaders. The placement of the control panel can also cause problems. Having them on the front of a top-loader might mean some pressed buttons as you lean in to grab your items.
Some front-loaders have pause buttons so you can throw in forgotten items mid-cycle, but others don't. Samsung has their handy door that lets you pop in a stray sock, too. Other machines won't let you do anything of the kind.
How it cleans
There are two types of top-loaders: Those with agitators and high-efficiency models without, though some of these have impellers. The standard agitator models are the type you likely grew up with: The tubs have a post in the middle. This is the agitator. Ready for further confusion? There are two types of agitators: Single-action and dual-action. The single-action variety usually has large fins or paddles on the bottom and smaller ones at the top. These spin and help circulate the laundry around the tub. Dual-action agitators also have bottom fins that work like the single-action's, but the top is spiraled. The top spins independently to push clothes toward the bottom of the washer.
“One of the greatest laundry myths is that an agitator washer will get your clothes cleaner”
High-efficiency top-loaders may have no agitator — LG doesn't make top-loaders with these posts — and might have a smaller impeller. Impellers are a bit like shorter agitators. They take up less space but also spin, creating currents to churn clothes around the drum. These impellers might be cone-shaped or have fins as well. High-efficiency top-loaders with impellers might also have a drum that acts a bit more like a front-loader, spinning faster than those with agitators.
The problem with agitators is that they use mechanical action to clean clothes, which can be tough on fabrics. Impellers tend to be a bit gentler but items like towels can still get tangled up, depending on their design.
“One of the greatest laundry myths is that an agitator washer will get your clothes cleaner,” LG's director of public relations, Taryn Brucia, told Digital Trends. “However, the reasons that agitator fans love their agitator – more water and more friction – are actually what make them terrible for your wardrobe.”
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Front-loading machines don't have agitators at all, though the back of the drum may be molded to low-profile, flattened cone. Around the drum, you'll typically find vanes that help tumble the laundry around. Usually the tub spins both ways, and as soiled items bang around, some of the dirt is knocked loose. The lack of an agitator means front-loaders treat clothes the gentlest, though using high heat and deep-clean options will obviously do more damage than a delicate cycle.
Cycle times vary greatly by machine for both types and will depend on load size, soil level, and other features you can customize. One GE top-loader has a normal cycle that lasts a little over half an hour, while one of Whirlpool's is over an hour. Normal cycles for front loaders can vary between half an hour to closer to 50 minutes.
“Top load washers generally require a lot more water and energy to complete a cycle versus front load because they fill the tub and float clothes in a detergent filled solution, versus moving the clothes through that solution in front loads,” said Eloise Hale, vice president of communications and public relations at Electrolux.
H2Ohh
When front-loaders first started appearing on the U.S. market, people were weirded out by the amount of water they used — or didn't use, we should say. Standard top-loaders with agitators would fill up the tub to help clothes float, so they could move around better and take advantage of the the pole's mechanical action. But front-loaders and high-efficiency top-loaders use far less water, because the drum is moving them around, lifting them up, so they land in a shallower pool of water. How much less water? Samsung said its front-loaders use 13 gallons of water per cycle, while its top-loaders use between 18 and 23.
If you look for an Energy Star label, you'll know the machine is using at most 13 gallons per load, but the agency also employs a water-factor number, because you need to take a machine's capacity into account as well. A cycle might use only a few gallons of water but be less efficient than one that uses more water to clean more clothes. The WF is the gallons of water a washer uses per cycle per cubic foot; the lower the WF, the better. To get an idea of the difference in water usage between top-loaders and front-loaders, all you have to do is look at the Energy Star requirements: To earn the rating, front-loaders with capacities over 2.5 cubic feet need a WF of 3.2 or lower. Top-loaders with the same minimum capacity need a WF of less than 4.3. That's not to say top-loaders can't be somewhat water-friendly: The 4.5-cubic-foot LG WT1501CW has a WF of 3.7. Of course, the LG WM5000HVA, a front-loader with the same capacity, has a WF of 2.8. Typically top-loaders need more water to rinse, raising these WF numbers.
Front-loaders consistently out-perform top-loaders in cleaning tests.
Indeed, those in the market for washers are so tied to their love of H2O-guzzling machines that GE added an optional “deep fill” button to some top-loaders, letting worried laundry-doers add more water to their cycles. Whether or not this actually gets clothes cleaner isn't really clear, as front-loaders consistently out-perform top-loaders in cleaning tests.
One thing to keep in mind is that high-efficiency does not equal Energy Star. A machine can use less water and require high-efficiency detergent, while still not meeting the money-saving program's WF standards.
More power
If you sort Energy Star's list of certified washers by annual energy use, you'll see a top-loader doesn't even appear until page three. They simply can't compete with the efficiency of many front-loaders. The program's list of most-efficient washers doesn't include any top-load models. That's not to say top-loaders can't be efficient. The tables below shows that the amount of kWh per year varies widely among the machines, and the top-load Samsung WA50M7450AW does have to front-load GE GFW450SPKDG beat in terms of efficiency. Keep in mind that this is just the energy the machine itself is using. Using less water or cold water will further reduce energy costs.
You might look at the tables and wonder why we listed the machines' maximum spin speed. This will actually affect the efficiency of your dryer, because a faster spin wrings out more water, leaving less work for the other laundry machine to do. Again, front-loaders have the edge here.
Capacity
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
If you look at the tables, you'll see the capacities are quite similar, with the top-loaders ranging from 4.1 to 5.2 cubic feet and the front-loaders landing between 4.2 and 4.5 cubic feet. However, Samsung makes a ginormous 6.0-cubic-foot front-loader, and Kenmore's 6.2-cubic-foot top-loader even has that beat. As long as your washer has 4.5 cubic feet of space, you should be able to fit king-size comforter in there, or between 15 and 20 pounds of laundry. Regardless of size, an agitator may affect how you distribute clothes or towels in the tub and will reduce capacity somewhat.
Dirty little secret
One issue that cropped up in the early days of front-load machines was mold.
One issue that cropped up in the early days of front-load machines was mold. The door closes tightly (to prevent leaks, obviously), and that meant the inside of machines could get funky — and not in a good way. Many manufacturers started including self-cleaning cycles in response, and many owners leave the door open in between washes to help water evaporate. There are ways to clean washers to keep the problem at bay, too.
The price
Originally, front-loaders were much more expensive than top-loaders, but they've come down in price over the past few years. They do tend to skew closer to $1,000 than to $500, but you can find front-loaders with over 4 cubic inches of capacity and some great features for between $600 and $700. High-efficiency top-loaders tend to be more expensive than old-school agitator models and can cost more than some front-loaders, depending on capacity and extras.
However, excluding major sales, it's hard to find a front-loader for under $600. Top-loaders look mighty tempting when you can find them on sale for under $400.
The verdict
If you still want a top-loader, you're not alone.
“There has been a continuing shift from top-load to front-load and the front-load market has been growing at a faster rate than top load,” Hale said. “However, the industry is still around 75 percent top-load versus 25 percent front-load. Innovation-wise, both platforms have been progressing, and both have had to change with the constantly increasing energy standards, but those changes have impacted top load more.”
Some manufacturers are more outspoken about it than others, but the consensus from several we've spoken to is that front-loaders win in cleaning power and efficiency, especially when it comes to water use. The Energy Star program's findings bear this out as well. The American Cleaning Institute (ACI) has found that most people unhappy with their front-loaders' performance are actually misusing HE laundry detergent. When it comes to front-loaders, there can be some new quirks if you've used top-loaders your whole life, including learning to dial back the detergent. But if top-loaders fit your appliance-buying budget, they definitely have some major advantages over their water-loving counterparts.
Defensive lineman Tyler Manoa announced his verbal commitment to UCLA on Saturday, giving the Bruins their ninth four-star prospect for the 2018 recruiting class, according to 247 Sports' Composite Rankings.
West Hayward ✈️ Westwood
•
•
•
•
Committed to….. ..
The University of California, Los Angeles #4sUp 🐻💙💛 pic.twitter.com/wnoliV9FSg — FIVEdeuce (@tylermanoa) February 3, 2018
Manoa, a 6-foot-5, 260-pound defensive tackle, chose the Bruins over Utah and Oregon. He is the 26th-best defensive tackle in the country, according to 247 Sports' Composite Rankings, which also has him pegged as a four-star recruit through its algorithm averaging rankings from all major recruiting sites. He was a U.S. Army All-American and participated in the Polynesian Bowl.
The Hayward native is another Bay Area recruiting pick up from former defensive line coach Angus McClure, who will now coach tight ends after being retained by Chip Kelly. McClure reeled in Boss Tagaloa, a former four-star prospect from De La Salle High who committed on National Signing Day in 2016, and used his Northern California connections to revisit Takkarist McKinley's old transcripts and get the eventual first-round pick eligible at UCLA after McKinley initially did not qualify at Cal.
Manoa is one of four defensive linemen in Chip Kelly's 21-man recruiting class so far. The Bruins also have verbal commitments from defensive ends Elijah Wade, another four-star prospect, and Steven Mason, a junior college transfer. Defensive tackle Atonio Mafi signed his National Letter of Intent in December during the early signing period.
The group is ranked 17th in the country according to 257 Sports' Composite Rankings and fourth in the Pac-12 with National Signing Day approaching on Wednesday.
Politics, Protocols and the Changing of the Guard
Do 2016's political changes foreshadow blockchain's impact? Cryptiv's CEO argues the two might be more intertwined than one might think.
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NHL Daily: Ottawa Combines for a Beauty, Boston Makes a Couple of Call-Ups, Nico Hischier Best Fit for Colorado and More! (Morning NHL Headlines)
Grab your morning cup of coffee and join us here at Puck Prose for a compilation of NHL daily links that will help keep you updated with everything going on in the hockey world.
Monday night was a thrill around the NHL with a total of four games being played all of which went to overtime. Toronto took a 2-1 series lead over Washington with a 4-3 win, Ottawa took a 2-1 lead over Boston with a 4-3 win, Nashville but a stranglehold on Chicago with a 3-2 win giving them a 3-0 series lead, and finally Anaheim put Calgary in a bad spot taking a 3-0 series lead with a 5-4 win.
The highlight of the Night Video.
[Via NHL.com]
NHL Daily: Morning NHL Headlines
Ottawa Senators Give Us a Highlight to Remember
Monday night was fantastic around the NHL, what was more fantastic was the Ottawa Senators combining for two tremendous goals. Erik Karlsson made an 115-foot saucer pass that was absolutely perfect that landed on the tape of Mike Hoffman‘s stick. And then on top of the Karlsson sent another beauty up the middle of the ice to help the Sens win the game winner. (Puck Prose)
Boston Makes a Few Emergency Call-Ups to Help
Before game three of the series against Ottawa, Boston made a couple emergency call-ups due to injury. With Brandon Carlo, Torey Krug, Colin Miller, and Adam McQuaid out the blue line are hurting, to say the least. So Boston decided to call up Tommy Cross and Matt Grzelcyk to help fill the voids, plus the increased time of Charlie McAvoy will help in the future. (Causeway Crowd)
Tyler Bozak Comes Through in the Clutch for Toronto
For the third straight game, the Washington and Toronto series has gone to overtime. The Leafs started the extra frame on the power-play and luckily for them, they had the right unit on at the right time. It only took a minute and 37 seconds for the Leafs to score the winner. Nazem Kadri fired a perfect pass to the slot where Tyler Bozak had his stick in the best position for a tip in. Toronto has definitely taken the playoffs and the Capitals by surprise, can they pull off the series win? It's quite possible. (Fansided)
Leafs Recieve Huge Return Before Game Three
Just before the start of game three, Toronto received some excellent news, the return of Nikita Zaitsev. He's logged the most minutes by a Leafs defenseman all season and has played in every situation. He put up 36 points as well so far, four goals and 32 assists. But the game for him didn't quite go as planned as he finished with a minus-two rating on the game. Another scary part is Martin Marincin left with a small injury, there's no luck when it comes to the Leafs backend. (Puck Prose)
Chicago Still on the Verge of Elimination
The Blackhawks were finally playing a solid game in game three when they got out to a quick two-goal lead. Unfortunately, it was short-lived as the Predators stormed back and tied the game forcing an extra frame. But 16 minutes into the overtime period, the Predators scored giving them a 3-0 series lead, meaning on Wednesday Chicago could be on their way out a lot faster than imagined. (Blackhawk Up)
Nico Hischier is Exactly What the Avalanche Need
The Colorado Avalanche have a 17.5% chance of winning the draft lottery, and if they do they're in the best position to pick one of three franchise players. And those picks are Nolan Patrick, Timothy Liljegren, or Nico Hischier. The Aves have some solid d-men already and Nathan MacKinnon as well as Matt Duchene leaving Liljegren and Patrick off the board. Their best selection would be Nico Hischier who would form a dynamic line with Gabriel Landeskog and Duchene. (Mile High Sticking)
More from Puck Prose
This article originally appeared on
PENTICTON, B.C. — Mary-Anne Arsenault is two wins away from her sixth Scotties Tournament of Hearts title.
The Nova Scotia skip led her team into the semifinal at the Canadian women's curling championship by defeating Northern Ontario's Tracy Fleury 6-2 on Saturday.
Arsenault will play the loser of Saturday night's Page 1-2 playoff between Kerri Einarson's wild-card team and Manitoba's Jennifer Jones. The semifinal is set for Sunday afternoon.
The winner of the Page 1-2 playoff goes directly into Sunday night's final.
“It was so nice to put a really good game together. I'm so proud of my girls,” Arsenault said. “Any time we got into a bit of trouble then Jen and Christina (second Jennifer Baxter and third Christina Black) would get us back out of trouble so it was awesome.”
Nova Scotia broke the game open against Northern Ontario by scoring three in the sixth end to go up 5-1.
Nova Scotia, which hasn't won a Scotties title since 2004, won its ninth straight game and improved to 10-2 at the tournament.
Arsenault's only two losses at this year's event have come against Einarson and Jones.
“We have a bit of time between now and next game and be proud of ourselves, but then it's back to business,” said Arsenault. “Those two games, particularly the game against Jennifer (Jones) we didn't play well, and the game against the wild-card, my team didn't play well.
“We just play like we did (Saturday) and we'll be right in it.”
Nova Scotia opened the scoring against Northern Ontario with a deuce in the fourth.
Fleury answered with one in the fifth before Arsenault's big sixth. Northern Ontario added a single in the eighth, but couldn't mount a comeback.
Arsenault shot 97 per cent compared to 72 per cent overall by Fleury.
It's hard to trust anything on Twitter — even the follower counts of journalists.
Big media outlets have embraced Twitter as a distribution platform but still struggle with how reporters and editors use the social media service, particularly when they appear to be breaching journalism ethics.
This sizable gray area came into clearer focus this week, after a New York Times exposé revealed that more than a dozen news media figures had paid to artificially pump up the number of followers they have on Twitter.
Journalists and commentators, who presumably joined the platform to enhance their stature, instead found themselves grasping to explain why they had paid for counterfeit supporters. When contacted by NBC News, the journalists identified by the Times as having bought Twitter followers had a range of responses: Many ducked requests for comment, others blamed associates, while just one sounded chastened.
Film critic Richard Roeper's reviews and columns won't be published by the Chicago Sun-Times until the paper completes an investigation into Roeper's purported purchase of followers on Twitter. Timothy Hiatt / Getty Images For EBERTFEST 2015 file
Most of the news outlets that employ the journalists said they did not have a specific policy outlawing pay-for-play on social media. But they said more general policies prohibiting misrepresentation should be enough to put their journalists on notice against paying to pump up their followings.
“One of the currencies of our time is the number of people who follow you on social media. As with any currency, people try to get more in both honest and dishonest ways,” said Sree Sreenivasan, former chief digital officer of New York City and now a consultant who teaches social media around the country. “What is common sense in real life should be common sense in social media. In real life, you do not steal and you do not counterfeit. So why would you do that here, on Twitter?”
The Times article focused on a particular firm, Devumi, for selling phony “bot” followers on Twitter, and included the names of public figures who had paid Devumi for followers.
The story's collateral impact was felt across several newsrooms, some of which took action. The Chicago Sun-Times briefly suspended film critic Richard Roeper, before reinstating him. The Hill, a Washington political newspaper, banned social media “juicing,” as the practice of buying followers is known. Other outlets acknowledged they hadn't confronted the issue.
The Times reported that Devumi had made millions by supplying customers with more than 200 million Twitter followers. But rather than offering a real audience, the Devumi followers were actually electronic counterfeits, known as bots, which were sometimes created by mimicking the accounts of real Twitter users.
A customer might pay $225 for 25,000 followers to appear more popular on Twitter than they really are, the Times said. Some of those Twitter users cash in on those followings by selling themselves as social “influencers” who hawk products and causes for pay.
The New York Times Co. has a policy prohibiting its journalists from engaging in deceptive practices. They also "should not misrepresent how many [social media] followers they really have," Danielle Rhodes Ha, a Times spokeswoman, said. She said the paper was considering updating its social media guidelines to address the issue.
Jane E. Kirtley, a professor of media ethics and law at the University of Minnesota's journalism school, said it should be obvious why media figures should not pay to artificially inflate their social media audiences.
“The only thing reporters have to peddle (to differentiate themselves from bloggers and others who are not really news people) is their credibility,” Kirtley said via email. “Gaining followers by buying them results in a loss of integrity and, ultimately, one's reputation, because, sooner or later, you'll be found out.”
Roeper was arguably the best known of those identified in the Times article, thanks largely to his days co-hosting television's “At the Movies,” along with Roger Ebert, who died in 2013. Roeper's Twitter profile lists more than 224,000 followers. But after the Times reported that an untold number of those fans had been purchased from Duvemi, the Sun-Times said it was suspending publication of Roeper's reviews and columns.
The Sun-Times announced Friday evening that it had concluded its investigation and that Roeper had cooperated fully and acknowledged that he had purchased about 50,000 followers on at least six occasions. The paper said he was “genuinely contrite” and would resume writing film reviews, though not “general interest news columns.”
“In the interest of transparency and a fresh start,” Roeper wrote in a statement, “I will be voluntarily deactivating my Twitter account and launching a new account.” He started the new handle @RichardERoeper on Friday. With less than 100 followers, he has a long way to go to rebuild his previously reported following of nearly 219,000.
Joe Concha, media columnist for The Hill, acknowledged that he had paid for Twitter followers. Concha said on Twitter (where he is credited with 42,548 followers as of Thursday) that he had consulted with a friend with a social media business “to improve my footprint in the space.”
Awhile back I tapped a friend's social media business to improve my footprint in the space. Part of several recommendations in expanding reach/visibility was to purchase followers. I took all advice & most pointers was solid. The one lament was the follower purchase. Not needed. — Joe Concha (@JoeConchaTV) January 26, 2018
Before the Times article, Bob Cusack, editor-in-chief of the Hill, said he hadn't heard about buying followers.
“So we had no policy,” Cusack said by email. “Now that we know about this, we have adopted a policy that reporters should not buy Twitter followers. “
The Times did not report, in most cases, how many followers the journalists had purchased on Twitter. But in the case of frequent CNN contributor and Democratic activist Hilary Rosen, it reported that she had bought more than half a million followers. Rosen told the Times the purchase was “an experiment I did several years ago to see how it worked.”
Like most outlets interviewed for this article, CNN does not have an explicit policy prohibiting the purchase of social media supporters. And even if it did, CNN executives simply don't have the bandwidth to crack down on fake followers, said one insider who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he had not been authorized to speak on the topic.
Also on the newspaper's list was Melanie Bromley, chief correspondent for E! News, who has paid for some of her Twitter followers, which now number more than 23,000. E! is an entertainment division of NBCUniversal, the parent company of NBCNews.com.
Neither Bromley nor E! Spokesperson Joanne Park responded to a request for comment.
Buying an electronic following, said Kirtley, the ethics expert, “defeats the whole purpose of attracting followers, which presumably is to engage with them.” She suggested it's more meaningful to be followed, “liked” or retweeted by a living, breathing fan, rather than an electronic fabrication.
Bots can follow. They can retweet. But they can't come to your book signing.
There was one other person in the waiting area, a lean and muscular man in his 40s who was also a cryo virgin but who seemed much less nervous than either one of us.
We were led into a small locker room, where we took off all our clothes except for underwear and put on disposable bandeau-style bras — no underwires allowed in the cryo chamber because the metal can freeze and burn the skin — white cotton athletic socks, white cotton gloves an archivist might wear, a white robe, disposable surgical masks to protect our mouths and noses, ear warmers, black rubber sandals and giant wool mittens.
A sprightly employee named Yvonne said we could burn 500 to 800 calories and asked what we wanted to listen to. I wondered if our soundtrack should include a song that might be in an inspirational training montage in a movie, like “Eye of the Tiger.” In the end, we settled on Rihanna.
The cryotherapy chamber is a small room that's cooled to minus 230 Fahrenheit. Really, it looked like a walk-in freezer with a large window through which I could see only what looked like steam wafting in the air. Karyn and I took off our robes and stepped into a cold antechamber. We counted to five, then I opened the door to the cryotherapy room.
I didn't think it was that bad — about as cold as walking my dog on the coldest, windiest winter night. Not pleasant but not painful or capable of inducing panic. (And just in case we did freak out, Yvonne had pointed out that the door didn't lock and we were free to leave at any time.)
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Of the Moment The lifestyle newsletter from the Styles, Travel and Food sections, offering the latest trends to news you can use. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It was too cold for sudden movements, so we slowly jiggled and danced in place to keep warm. Yvonne was barely visible on the other side of the window calling out how much time had elapsed and shouting: “You're doing great! You got this!”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After about a minute, the cold seemed to move into my body. Chatting to pass the time was not an option. Moving around was difficult. We started moaning in pain as Yvonne counted off the last 30 seconds.
Karyn and I ran outside, where we put our robes back on and stood on vibrating plates for a few minutes, which was supposed to help our now-red bodies warm up. Then the staff brought us hot tea, and we sat down.
That's when we both started feeling strangely hyper and euphoric. “I feel like I had three espressos and could run six miles,” I said.
Karyn said, “I'm going to tell the sober people in my life to try this.” We babbled about clothes and movies. A regular client emerged from the chamber and onto the vibrating plates. “I would do this every day if I could,” he said.
Maybe I would. The strain in my muscle wasn't completely gone, but it felt noticeably better all day. Supposedly you sleep well the night after, but neither of us did. I was still so wired that I spent half the night listening to Tina Brown read “The Vanity Fair Diaries” audiobook and thinking about how Ms. Brown managed to get so much done every day. Imagine if I could do cryotherapy every morning? I would be insufferable and broke but, maybe, unstoppable.
SAN ANTONIO - H-E-B is recalling more than a dozen of its ice cream and sherbet products because they could contain pieces of broken metal.
H-E-B says the broken metal was discovered in the processing equipment during routine maintenance.
The affected products include certain flavors and container sizes of EconoMax and Hill Country Fare ice creams and Creamy Creations sherbets. They were distributed to stores in Texas and Mexico. All of the affected products have been removed from the shelves and there have been no reports of injuries.
The following products are included in the recall:
4122092736 EconoMax Neopolitan 4 quarts 6/1/2019 through 6/23/2019
4122092733 EconoMax Neopolitan 56 ounces 6/24/2019
4122092734 EconoMax Vanilla 4 quarts 5/24/2019 through 6/17/19
4122092731 EconoMax Vanilla 56 ounces 5/26/2019 through 5/27/019
4122090944 Hill Country Fare Chocolate 4.5 quarts 6/24/2019
4122092215 Hill Country Fare Cookies and Cream 56 ounces 5/27/2019 through 5/28/2019
4122090946 Hill Country Fare Fudge Revel 4.5 quarts 6/7/2019 through 6/8/2019
4122090943 Hill Country Fare Neopolitan 4.5 quarts 6/3/2019 through 6/22/2019
4122092212 Hill Country Fare Neopolitan 56 ounces 6/25/2019
4122010102 Hill Country Fare Neopolitan (Mexico) 4.5 quarts 6/17/2019 through 6/18/2019
4122090947 Hill Country Fare Strawberry Revel 4.5 quarts 6/8/2019 through 6/9/2019
4122090942 Hill Country Fare Vanilla 4.5 quarts 6/6/2019 through 6/7/2019
4122083898 HEB CC Fruit Punch Sherbet Quart 12/22/2018
4122034607 HEB CC Lime Sherbet Quart 11/19/2018 through 11/20/2018
4122083895 HEB CC NSA Orange Sherbet Quart 11/28/2018
4122083894 HEB CC NSA Strawberry Sherbet Quart 11/27/2018 through 11/28/2018
4122083897 HEB CC Orange Sherbet Vanilla Cream Swirl Quart 12/10/2018 through 12/11/2018
4122097260 HEB CC Rainbow Sherbet Quart 12/11/2018 through 12/12/2018
4122083896 HEB CC Strawberry Sherbet Vanilla Cream Swirl Quart 11/26/2018 through 11/27/2018
Click through the gallery to see images of the recalled products:
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
A Croydon homecare provider has had to cut the number of people receiving the care it offers due to “severe staff shortages" just in Shirley.
The move has made life “more difficult” for one disabled mother who suffers with multiple sclerosis (MS).
Carole George is wheelchair-bound due to her condition and has relied on daily care from Bluebird Care Croydon over the last three years.
However, Mrs George, who lives on Midholm Road with her 23-year-old daughter Sarah, was left stunned on Wednesday (October 4) when she received a letter from the care provider, based on Brighton Road - which stated it would be "terminating" the care package they offer her.
In the letter sent to Mrs George on September 29, which has been signed by registered care manager Mandy Sparkes, Bluebird say they made the "difficult" decision to ensure “customers receive safe care with continuity of care workers”.
The letter in full said: “As I am sure you are aware over the last six to eight weeks Bluebird Care Croydon has been experiencing severe staff shortages in Shirley, resulting in reduced capacity in your area.
"The staff shortage has been a consequence of both our carers moving on to other employment and sickness.
“Despite our efforts to manage this shortage by recruiting as rapidly as we can, office staff and team leaders working outside office hours, we are unable to guarantee this shortage is going to be rectified in the near future.
“We have therefore had to come to the difficult decision to terminate some of our care packages in order to ensure our customers receive safe care with continuity of care workers.
“Therefore, unfortunately we are giving 28 days' notice of withdrawal of our service with effect from September 29.
"The last day of service will be October 27, unless we hear that you wish to end the service earlier.
(Image: Grant Melton)
"This period will allow you to find an alternative care provider, should you find a replacement prior to this date we will accept an earlier termination date with no penalty.
"Thank you for your valid custom and we hope you find a suitable service to meet your needs.”
Carers from Bluebird Care Croydon currently visit Mrs George four times a day – in the morning when she gets up, at lunch time, at dinner time and when she goes to bed.
She has been left devastated by the decision.
“It was horrible,” said Mrs George when asked what it felt like reading the letter.
“It really made me feel terrible. I know the girls that see me so well and that is the sad thing about it. I know them and they know me.
“They enjoy coming to see me so it's stupidity and it's just naughty. They are making life more difficult but there is nothing I can do about it.
“It now means for me I have to get a whole new set of carers.
"It's a shame as the Bluebird girls and I are very close.
“The girls who are coming now, I say to them ‘this could be the last time you see me'.
"I have built up relationships with all of the girls and they all love coming here. It's just silly.”
Since receiving the letter, Mrs George has been forced to look for new carers and has arranged to meet with other care provider companies in the area next week.
Mrs George, who believes it is not only her who has been affected by these cuts, added that the relationship between patient and carer is crucial – and is angry she has to now start again.
The 65-year-old said: “With carers it's important I know them and they know me. They would know if there was something wrong with me just by talking to me or looking at me.
“Now I have to start building up another relationship with a different company and new people so it really is a pain.”
In a statement sent to the Advertiser, Dale Slade, director of Bluebird Care Croydon, said: "The safety of our customers is our number one priority and our key focus is on providing continuity of care.
"It is extremely rare that we have to give notice to any customer.
"We will continue to provide the service giving Mrs George time to find a suitable replacement with a company that can meet her needs.
"This extremely unfortunate and difficult decision was taken due to staff leaving a particular part of the borough.
"We are recruiting for staff in this specific area, however, unfortunately this isn't a quick process, although for your assurance we are doing everything possible to recruit the best people to join our excellent team."
He added that he was unable to comment on how many other people had been affected by the cuts due to the company's patient confidentiality rules.
Have you been affected by similar cuts to services? Get in touch by calling 01737 305557, emailing sam.truelove@croydonadvertiser.co.uk or tweeting @samtruelove1.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
A little bite of waste multiplied by a whole lot of people, really adds up. At an average rate, Americans use 1.6 straws a day, or 584 a year, according to the National Parks Service. Nationwide, that's 500 million drinking straws thrown away every day — enough straws to fill about 46,400 school buses each year.
Environmental groups have targeted disposable drinking straws — that are not recyclable or compostable — for extinction. The ultimate goal: Prevent non-degradable plastic straws from polluting our beaches, waterways and oceans.
It's estimated that by the year 2050, there will be more plastic in the oceans than fish. It's estimated that by the year 2050, there will be more plastic in the oceans than fish.
With so many other pollution problems, why straws?
“Straws are an easy thing for everybody to get started on when approaching the enormous issue of plastic pollution,” said Diana Lofflin, founder of StrawFree.org, an environmental group based in southern California.
Lofflin said she realized something had to be done after seeing the video of a Costa Rican team removing a straw from a turtle's nose.
“We're seeing more plastic in our waterways and one of the most common items we find is straws,” she said. “In fact, it's one of the top 10 items that are picked up at beach cleanups. It's estimated that by the year 2050, there will be more plastic in the oceans than fish.”
A Growing Movement
Lawmakers in Los Angeles, Davis, Malibu and San Luis Obispo, Calif.; Miami Beach and Fort Myers Beach, Fla.; and Seattle, have passed ordinances that limit or prohibit restaurants from using plastic straws.
A ban on plastic straws for commercial use took effect in Fort Myers Beach in February. The town's environmental specialists, who patrol the beaches, report seeing fewer straws in the sand, and most of the ones they do find are biodegradable, Town Manager Roger Hernstadt told NBC News BETTER.
The ordinance does create penalties: $100 for a first offense, $500 for three or more citations within a year, but Hernstadt hopes education and warnings will be all that's needed.
“I think all the folks here understand that an attractive beach is important for them being able to draw customers, and this effort is part of making it desirable for people to come here,” he said.
CHURCHILL, Man. — With winter looming and still no sign of a functioning rail line, some people in Churchill, Man., are talking about a blockade to try to force someone — either the federal government or rail line owner Omnitrax — into action.
The subarctic town of 900 people lost its only land connection to the outside world in the spring when severe flooding damaged the rail line. Since then, people and goods have had to be flown in at much higher cost.
Via Rail is planning to retrieve two locomotives and five passenger cars stuck in the town by loading them onto a ship, and residents are not pleased.
“If we do block (the train), we're not blocking it to hinder Via,” Dave Daley, head of the Churchill Chamber of Commerce, said Thursday.
“Via has been a great friend to Churchill, they've invested a lot of money into promoting Churchill but … what we're mad at is no communication (from the federal government).”
Omnitrax, which has been trying to sell the line to a First Nations consortium, has said it cannot afford the estimated $43 million in repairs. In July, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Omnitrax is legally obligated to maintain the rail line, but there has been little said since about any progress in the stalemate.
With winter temperatures that could throw a wrench into repair work just a few weeks away, people in Churchill are preparing for the likelihood of going through the winter with higher prices for food, fuel and other items.
Tourism has also taken a hit. Fewer people have booked trips to see the beluga whales and polar bears the town is famous for.
“Time is not on our side. We indicated right from the get-go … that it was critical that we get started repairing the rail line,” said Mayor Mike Spence.
Via Rail said in a statement this week it intends to put its locomotives and passenger cars on a barge in the coming weeks before the area's short ice-free shipping season ends.
Rust is already forming on the train and shipping it south will avoid more costly repairs that would be needed if the train continues to sit in the town, the Crown corporation said.
Daley said a blockade is one way to bring attention to what residents are facing.
“How are they going to be able to afford to get through the winter — another six months of this — when it's $21 or $22 for a bag of potatoes.”
— By Steve Lambert in Winnipeg
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing his resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
12:35 p.m.
A county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Gov. Eric Greitens and some of his staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem on Wednesday ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Grietens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and his top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Beetem's ordered Pedroli and Thompson to present draft lists of the data on the phones by the end of the day.
Thompson had filed a motion seeking time to confer with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson about whether to continue to defend the case after Parson becomes governor Friday.
___
12:10 p.m.
A spokeswoman for St. Louis' top prosecutor says the office agreed to drop a computer tampering charge against Gov. Eric Greitens after his attorneys suggested he would resign if the case was dismissed.
Susan Ryan, a spokeswoman for Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, told The Associated Press that defense attorneys approached the office and Gardner agreed to their proposal.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." He didn't elaborate.
Martin says he expects a felony invasion of privacy charge against Greitens will be resolved soon as well. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile that charge.
___
This item corrects that Gardner agreed to the defense proposal.
___
11:30 a.m.
Defense attorney Jim Martin says he's happy "we've eliminated the issue" of the computer tampering charge against departing Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping that charge against Greitens. A special prosecutor is considering whether to refile an invasion of privacy charge against him. Martin says he thinks "we'll resolve that soon" but would not elaborate.
Martin says "it's now time to leave the governor alone and let him and his family heal."
___
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says she made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. She says there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if he were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to his status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said she rejects his "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that he was resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced his resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that he would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity he founded, The Mission Continues, for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
She said Tuesday that her office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that he is resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted his grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest he would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that he is quitting with his mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Local law enforcement officials said they plan to monitor school zones in the cities and the county throughout the school year.
Antonio Banderas reached out to Salma Hayek as soon as her article accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment was published last year.
The 51-year-old actress came forward with her allegations against the disgraced producer in an article published in December last year, and her close pal Antonio - who had starred with her in several movies including 'Desperado' and 'Frida' - has now admitted he called her "immediately" to see how she was doing, and to ask why she didn't speak up sooner.
He said: "It was important to reach out to her because she's my dear friend. We are very good friends, and I didn't know. I wanted to know. That's why I immediately called her and said, 'Salma, why didn't you tell me?' And she almost got into tears and she said, 'Because I wanted to protect you guys. I didn't want to put you in that position of having to confront a guy who was so powerful. That's the reason: I didn't want to damage my friends.'"
The 'Puss in Boots' star, 57, went on to praise the influx of people coming forward with their own sexual misconduct allegations, as he believes it is a "good thing" that men in Hollywood are starting to "reflect" on their past behaviour.
Speaking to 'Entertainment Tonight', he said: "It's on everybody's mind. I think I've always been proper with my fellow actors and with people on sets. I think men in this profession became very reflective about their behaviour, and that is a good thing."
However, Antonio previously claimed he wouldn't be judging any of the accused stars - which include Kevin Spacey, Woody Allen, and James Franco - without first having "all of the data" to prove their alleged misconduct.
He said: "These cases belong to a pattern of behaviour which has been carried out for millennia. But I wouldn't like to be very specific about specific people. I think that's unfair because I don't have all the data ... People saying, 'This person is guilty of this,' is against my principles."
Soccer News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
Ghana's Thomas Partey will be expected to put up an inspiring performance tomorrow
Ghana's hope of qualifying for the upcoming Mundial in Russia hangs on a fine thread as they play in their penultimate 2018 FIFA -World Cup qualifying game against the Cranes of Uganda tomorrow.
As it stands now, Ghanaians have written the Black Stars off knowing it would take more than a miracle to pick the single slot in Group E. But Coach Kwasi Appiah's men have not thrown in the towel yet, knowing a slip by leaders, Egypt against Congo on Sunday could still offer them some glimmer of hope.
Even with the faint chance, the team believe victory against the Cranes of Uganda could restore that hope and pride after the Ugandans held Ghana to a 1-1 draw in their opening game of the World Cup qualifying campaign in Tamale.
If the performance displayed by the Cranes during the first leg match is anything to go by, then the Stars could be in for another tough encounter as the vociferous and intimidating partisan fans in Kampala could play a role in ensuring they pick the maximum points.
The Cranes, who have seven points, two points adrift of leaders, Egypt, have vowed to beat Ghana in this encounter. Earlier in the week, their forward, Geoffrey Sserunkuma, sent a clear signal to the Black Stars to brace themselves for a defeat.
His warning is understandable because Ghana would be without some key stars, including skipper Asamoah Gyan and his deputy Andre Ayew together with Jordan Ayew, Harrison Afful and Jonathan Mensah.
The absence of these big stars appears to offer the Cranes more confidence about their chances in this encounter.
But Coach Appiah appears not bothered by missing the services of his key stars because without them the Stars were able to beat the Congolese side 5-1 after they managed to frustrate Ghana in a goalless draw during the first leg in Kumasi.
Fortunately, Ghana's star performer during the 5-1 mauling, Thomas Partey, would still be available to play a significant role in this game and with support from Christian Atsu, Ebenezer Ofori, Alfred Duncan, Daniel Amartey and Richmond Boakye-Yiadom, the team is sure to spoil the Cranes' party and better their qualification chances.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Ten-man Manchester City bounced back from a bruising defeat to title rival Liverpool by beating Burnley 2-1 in the English Premier League on Monday, easing the pressure on manager Pep Guardiola.
City captain Fernandinho was shown a straight red card in the 32nd minute for a two-footed lunge on Johann Gudmundsson at the Etihad Stadium.
Despite the setback, City's French defender Gael Clichy broke the deadlock with a well-placed shot into the far corner in the 58th minute.
Sergio Aguero then came off the bench to score City's second, firing in off the post from the tightest of angles four minutes later.
WATCH: Pep Guardiola did not appreciate being asked about Fernandinho's red card. #SSNHQ https://t.co/cSpU1ljqkS — Sky Sports News HQ (@SkySportsNewsHQ) January 2, 2017
Burnley made a fight of it when an attempted clearance by City goalkeeper Claudio Bravo was eventually smashed over the line by Ben Mee in the 70th, but City held on for an important win after Saturday's 1-0 defeat at Anfield.
City moved up to third place, two points behind Liverpool and seven behind leader Chelsea, which plays Tottenham on Wednesday.
This article originally appeared on
India, EU express 'deep concern' over Rohingya refugee crisis
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 22:14 IST
The Rohingya Crisis has caused significant concern in India and EU nations. Reuters file photo.
India and the European Union today expressed "deep concern" over the Rohingya refugee crisis during their 14th summit with the two sides urging Myanmar to work with Bangladesh for their return.
After the talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Tusk, the two sides underscored the need for early return of the displaced people of all communities to northern Rakhine state in Myanmar.
Addressing a joint press event, Tusk said the two sides wanted de-escalation of tensions and full adherence to international obligations in Myanmar and access of people to humanitarian aid.
"The Rohingya people must be able to return voluntarily with safety and dignity. We call for implementation of recommendations of the (Kofi Annan-led) International Rakhine Advisory Commission to tackle the root cause of this crisis. As a neighbour India stands first in the line to respond," Tusk said.
Responding to a PIL last month, the NDA government had told the Supreme Court that Rohingya Muslims are "illegal" immigrants in the country and their continued stay had "serious national security ramifications".
Millions of Rohingya Muslims have fled the conflict-hit Rakhine state to Bangladesh and India after the escalation of tensions following a military crackdown.
The joint statement said both sides took note that the violence was triggered by a series of attacks by Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) militants which led to loss of lives amongst the security forces and the civilian population.
"India and the EU expressed deep concern at the recent spate of violence in the Rakhine state of Myanmar that has resulted in the outflow of a large number of people from the state, many of whom have sought shelter in neighbouring Bangladesh," the joint statement said.
When asked at a media briefing by the Ministry of External Affairs, about the comments made by Tusk on the issue, Ruchi Ghanshyam, Secretary (West) said, "The EU has talked about their expectations and the agreed position is in the joint statement."
The joint statement said India and the EU also recognised the role being played by Bangladesh in extending humanitarian assistance to the people in need.
A Maumee man accused of a catfishing scheme will be sentenced in court Wednesday.
READ: Catfish incident with local high school senior
Cameron Vaughn entered a plea in April on sexual battery and extortion charges.
Evidence proves he used social media to take advantage of a teen boy two years go.
Vaughn posed as a woman online and convinced the teen to send pictures.
He then used the pictures to force the teen to have sex.
Vaughn faces up to 16 years in prison.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the "activate now" button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
MUSIC: Pope – Ifeoma
For those who have loved good Nigerian music from way back, the name “Pope da Hitman” would not just ring a bell but also get you excited. From his hip hop-afrobeat inspired debut single “Enjoy” released in 2010, to his mellow love track, “Let Me” featuring Shaydee, we got a feel for his lyrical prowess and unique style. Soon after that, he released the remix to his single “Baale Baale” featuring 9ice and Reminisce, and his last single “I can't shout” featuring Eldee. He also rocked the airwaves on MI's illegal music 2 on the track “Pain” and Terry Tha Rapman's single “Shano”, amongst other collaborations.
Just when you thought he had left music for good, Pope makes a comeback with a new hit song “Ifeoma”. On the track produced by the superstar producer Spellz, Pope shows his versatility by moving away from his usual punchline rap style to something melodious and calmer for the soul. He talks about his burning love for a type A chick and how much of a distraction she poses. The track with its afrobeat undertones, is both the kind of music you'll like to wake up to, and the type to have you moving your body on a Friday night. This banger is sure to keep you wanting more from Pope. Listen, Enjoy and Share.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/POPE-IFEOMA-prod-by-Spellz.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Pope – Ifeoma appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OTTAWA — The Supreme Court of Canada says records detailing the abuse of former residential school students can eventually be destroyed.
The unanimous high court ruling Friday brings clarity to an issue that pitted the privacy of victims against the importance of documenting a dark chapter in Canada's relations with Indigenous Peoples.
Students provided accounts of physical, sexual and emotional abuse as part of an independent assessment process to provide compensation — a program that flowed from a major 2006 settlement agreement.
The Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that said the sensitive material should be destroyed after 15 years, though individuals could agree to have their stories preserved at the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation in Winnipeg.
In its reasons for the decision, the high court said the negotiators of the settlement agreement intended the assessment process to be a “confidential and private” one, and that claimants and alleged perpetrators relied on these confidentiality assurances.
The Assembly of First Nations had told the Supreme Court that overturning the Ontario Court of Appeal's decision would allow another breach of trust on the very same vulnerable people who were abused at residential schools as young children.
For over a century, tens of thousands of Indigenous children were required to attend residential schools, primarily run by religious institutions and funded by the federal government. Students were not allowed to use their languages or cultural practices.
The federal government unsuccessfully argued the documentary record must be fully preserved to ensure what happened is never forgotten.
It said federal laws governing access to information, privacy and archives provide the proper balance for safeguarding the records of historical value while protecting individual privacy and confidentiality.
— Follow @JimBronskill on Twitter
Encryption is a great way to keep data secure, but sometimes it can be used against us. Yes, we're talking about ransomware.
When ransomware enters your systems, usually through a PC, it begins to encrypt your data and can target network-attached storage (NAS), virtualization, online collaboration tools, and even your online backups to render them unusable.
Because backup is your first line of defense, more hackers are now trying to encrypt them to make sure you don't have a Plan B before targeting your production servers (for a real-life example, read this case study).
Quantum and Veeam have been partnering to secure your backups. Veeam proxy servers are now talking to Quantum's DXi inline deduplication appliances using a “Veeam-to-Veeam” protocol (DXi appliances are running Veeam Data Mover Service – VDMS).
VDMS manages the tasks required to perform full, incremental, and synthetic full backups, freeing up resources for Veeam backup servers and network while maximizing data reduction with a “Veeam-ready repository” variable-length deduplication appliance.
Read the entire article here, Ransomware protection with Veeam, DXi deduplication and tape
Via the fine folks at Veeam.
When they take the court on Monday night, the Los Angeles Clippers will welcome in more than just a new calendar year.
They'll also gladly welcome the Phoenix Suns.
Desperate for a soft spot in what's been a rugged schedule, the injury-riddled Clippers catch a break when they begin a stretch where they won't leave the state of California for three weeks against one of the league's losingest teams.
Of course, playing anywhere without Blake Griffin and Chris Paul can be problematical. Griffin has missed the last eight games following knee surgery, Paul five of the last six with a hamstring issue.
The Clippers have lost all five games in which they were without both standouts, and six in a row in all.
Griffin is out at least into February. Paul is doubtful for Monday's game after returning from a three-game absence last week, only to tweak the hamstring and miss the club's last two outings.
Shooting guard J.J. Redick, who also is battling a hamstring problem, insisted after Saturday's blowout loss at Oklahoma City that injuries and a tough schedule that's included eight games in 12 days following when Griffin went down aren't the team's only problems.
“We have to play better collectively. It's not one thing; it's a lot of things,” he told reporters. “One thing that we can all just sort of do better is playing a little bit harder, and that's evident by the fast break points. It's been a problem.”
Actually, defense as a whole has been a problem. The Clippers have given up 114.6 points per game in their last five losses.
Phoenix is a team that can relate to defensive shortcomings. The Suns had allowed 100 or more points in 15 straight games, dropping to a No. 29 defensive ranking, before holding their last two opponents to double digits.
The Suns have lost five straight on the road. Coincidentally, their last road win came in the same building at which they will be playing Monday night — the Staples Center, where they beat the Los Angeles Lakers 119-115 on Dec. 9.
If there's been a positive for Phoenix in recent games, it's been the play of their three prized rookies — Marquese Chriss, Dragan Bender and Tyler Ulis.
Chriss had his best two-game sequence of the season last week, scoring 12 and 13 points in losses at Houston and San Antonio.
Bender recorded his first career double-double (11 points, 13 rebounds) last Monday at Houston, and followed that up with 10 points at San Antonio.
And Ulis has played so well the last two games (16 points on 7-for-13 shooting), he's been phasing veteran Brandon Knight out of the regular rotation.
Suns veteran P.J. Tucker has been impressed of late with Bender, the 19-year-old who had totaled only 59 points in the Suns' first 30 games after having been the No. 4 overall pick in the June draft.
“He's coming out and playing hard,” Tucker told reporters after Saturday's loss at Utah. “He listens. As a rookie, that's all you can ask for.”
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Aaron Rodgers had no business even staying upright on this scramble, but did so anyway before throwing a touchdown pass for the Green Bay Packers.
Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers looked somewhere in between bold and buffoonish seven weeks ago. At the time, his team was just 4-6 and they looked headed for a disappointing season where they'd miss the postseason. That's when the former MVP said his team would win out. And as they entered Week 17 on a five-game winning streak, the Packers were being carried by their quarterback.
There are numerous times in every game when Rodgers does something that just doesn't seem fair for a quarterback to do. Unfortunately for the Detroit Lions as the divisional foes battled for the NFC North crown, the quarterback came up with that type of play in a pivotal moment.
Ahead by only three points early in the fourth quarter, the Packers were driving and Rodgers was looking to find another score. However, his offensive line got blown up a bit and he was forced to roll out of pressure and scramble a bit. Again setting his feet, there was still no one open, so he was forced to scramble wildly again. Right when it looked like a busted play, Rodgers fired a strike into the back of the end zone to Geronimo Allison. Touchdown, of course:
There aren't five other quarterbacks in the NFL that can make that play as a whole. In fact, you'd be hard pressed to find just one other one. Plays like that are why Rodgers is regarded by many as the best or one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL.
When the Packers were struggling, many people honed in on Rodgers as the scapegoat for it. Since he's taken on the onus of being the leader and turning things around, though, he's been almost impossible to criticize. I'm not sure what entirely perfect quarterback play looks like, but I'd imagine it's close to what Aaron Rodgers has been doing.
More from NFL Spin Zone
This article originally appeared on
MORGAN COUNTY, Mo. - A man is recovering from serious injuries after he almost drowned at the Lake of the Ozarks Monday afternoon, according to a Missouri State Highway Patrol boating incident report.
The report said Charles Dowell, 61, of Versailles, tripped on a seat and fell over the starboard side, or left side, of the boat near the 9 mile marker of the Gravois Arm around 3:45 p.m.
The report said the driver of the boat, also named Charles Dowell, 41, of Versailles, pulled the passenger out of the water.
The passenger was wearing a safety device, according to the report. He was taken to Capital Region Medical Center with serious injuries.
DART Service Change
Effective Monday, August 14, 2017
DART Schedules
Bus Route 24
Note: Each schedule and map opens in a new separate window.
PDF files can be viewed using Adobe's free Acrobat Reader.
Note: The following schedules are not effective until Monday, August 14, 2017.
Service To: Downtown Dallas
Mockingbird Station
Back to Top
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) congratulates running back Rex Burkhead (34) after Bulkhead scored a touchdown, during the first half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in...
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) looks to pass, during the first half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) is sacked by Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh (93), during the second half of an NFL football game, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) sits on the bench during the end of the second half at an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla. The Dolphins defeated the Pat...
By TIM REYNOLDS
AP Sports Writer
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) - Tom Brady was a mere mortal in Miami.
Again.
The five-time Super Bowl champion wins just about everywhere, just about every week. But games at Miami have been a struggle more times than not for the longtime New England star, and Monday night was yet another entry on that list. Brady was intercepted twice, probably should have had at least one other pass picked off, and the Patriots lost to the Dolphins 27-20 - denying New England a chance to clinch the AFC East.
Brady finished 24 of 43 for 233 yards and a touchdown. He's now 7-9 in his career when visiting the Dolphins, with a passer rating of under 90 in 10 of those 16 games.
His rating Monday: 59.5, his lowest in a regular-season game since 2013.
"We've had a lot of good nights this year," Brady said. "And this was a bad night."
It wasn't all on him, not by a long shot.
The Patriots couldn't run the ball whatsoever, finishing with 10 yards on 25 carries - and that came after running for at least 191 yards in each of their last two games. New England had given up an average of 11.9 points in its last eight games; it gave up 27 to the Dolphins. And the Patriots, in the stat that might be most surprising, were a staggering 0 for 11 on their third-down chances.
The last time they were 0-for-anything on third downs? 1991, when Phoenix - that's what the Cardinals were called then - beat the Patriots.
"That was pretty bad," Brady said. "Can't get any worse than that."
The result was an end to the Patriots' 14-game road winning streak, hardly a great springboard into what's a short week before a showdown in Pittsburgh on Sunday that will likely go a long way toward deciding the top seed in the AFC playoffs.
"They did a good job tonight," Patriots coach Bill Belichick said of the Dolphins, before the rest of his postgame availability became mostly a collage of short, mumbled answers. "They obviously did a better job than we did. We just weren't really good enough in any area, consistent enough in any area to win the game. We all need to do a better job and hopefully we'll be able to do that. This wasn't good enough tonight, across the board."
Brady didn't have his first completion until the second quarter, after missing on his first four throws - one of which was intercepted. The Dolphins went after him all night, never letting him get into rhythm. With no running game and no Rob Gronkowski, serving a one-game suspension over an unnecessary hit he doled out last week, the Patriots needed Brady to be exceptional.
"I've got to throw the ball better," Brady said. "That's where it starts."
The Patriots being the Patriots, they nearly pulled off a comeback from a 27-10 third-quarter deficit anyway. Brady connected with James White for a 3-yard scoring throw early in the fourth, and the Patriots got to the Miami 1 in the final moments. But a pair of penalties pushed them back to the 16, and Stephen Gostowski's 33-yard field goal with 53 seconds left got New England within a touchdown.
That left an onside kick to decide matters. The low-percentage play didn't work, and Belichick was asked afterward what happened.
"They recovered it," Belichick said, then shrugging.
On a night where the Patriots had few answers, at least that one was succinct.
"I wish we played better," Brady said. "But we didn't."
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Emmerdale has shown Rakesh Kotecha's final scenes - the lying lawyer having exited the village after stealing a wad of banknotes from Home Farm.
Rakesh was seen resorting to desperate measures in a bid to escape a prison sentence, but as ever his plans went awry.
Having already been busted for the arson attack on Mill Cottage, Rakesh was determined not to show up for his court hearing, instead opting to get hold of a stack of cash that could fund his escape.
But after his scheme to extort money from Jai backfired, a wild-eyed Rakesh turned his attention to Home Farm where he tried to blackmail Lawrence over his framing of Andy Sugden.
But when they too wouldn't play ball, Rakesh tried to steal from the safe at the stately home, a move that resulted in a scuffle with Lachlan White that saw the teen punched to the ground.
The trouble was that this particular showdown was witnessed by Priya, who had followed Rakesh to Home Farm, fearing what action he'd end up taking.
In the end, Priya was seen telling Rakesh that he should "go far away and try to be happy" - a plea that resulted in her estranged husband driving off to the sounds of Human by Rag'n'Bone Man, an apt choice seeing as Rakesh has proven himself to be a very flawed human indeed.
But there was more drama to come for Priya in the episode's closing moments when the police turned up at Home Farm following a call made by Chrissie and Lachlan. Just before the credits rolled, PC Swirling ended up arresting Priya on suspicion of assisting an offender. So will she end up taking the fall for Rakesh's crimes?
Emmerdale returns tomorrow at 7:00 and 8:00pm.
You can watch a 60-second rundown of next week's episodes of Emmerdale below.
And visit our dedicated Emmerdale page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students Alex Wind and Ryan Deitsch, right, discuss the upcoming marches in Washington and elsewhere calling for gun regulations during an interview, Monday, March 19, 2018, in New York. ...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School student Ryan Deitsch speaks during an interview Monday, March 19, 2018, in New York. Hundreds of March for Our Lives demonstrations are planned around the world Saturday, sparked by the F...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School student Alex Wind speaks during an interview Monday, March 19, 2018, in New York. Hundreds of March for Our Lives demonstrations are planned around the world Saturday, sparked by the Feb....
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students Alex Wind and Ryan Deitsch, right, discuss the upcoming marches in Washington and elsewhere calling for gun regulations during an interview, Monday, March 19, 2018, in New York. ...
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Students from the Florida high school where 17 people were fatally shot last month expect more than 1 million participants in upcoming marches in Washington and elsewhere calling for gun regulations, students said Monday.
More than 800 March for Our Lives demonstrations are planned around the world Saturday, sparked by the Feb. 14 shooting in Parkland, Florida.
"It just shows that the youth are tired of being the generation where we're locked in closets and waiting for police to come in case of a shooter," Alex Wind, a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, told The Associated Press.
"We're sick and tired of having to live with this normalcy of turning on the news and watching a mass shooting," he added.
Since the massacre, Stoneman Douglas students have been at the forefront of a push to tighten gun restrictions and protect schools.
They have led rallies and lobbied lawmakers in Washington and Florida's capital, Tallahassee. Last Wednesday, tens of thousands of students around the U.S. walked out of their classrooms to demand action on gun violence and school safety. Stoneman Douglas students fanned out Monday to discuss the marches with media outlets in New York, including NBC's "Today" show and "CBS This Morning."
The National Rifle Association didn't immediately respond to an inquiry Monday about the upcoming marches. The group has said any effort to prevent future school shootings needs to "keep guns out of the hands of those who are a danger to themselves or others, while protecting the rights of law-abiding Americans."
Amid the wave of activism, Florida passed a law curbing young peoples' access to rifles; the NRA has sued to try to block it. Some major U.S. retailers decided to curb the sale of assault-style rifles or stop selling firearms to people younger than 21.
But Congress has shown little appetite for new gun regulations. President Donald Trump at one point proposed raising the minimum age for buying an assault rifle to 21 but then backed off, citing a lack of political support.
The Republican president has since released a school safety plan that includes strengthening the federal background check system and helping states pay for firearms training for teachers, while assigning the buying-age issue to a commission to study.
A petition associated with Saturday's march calls for banning sales of assault weapons and large-capacity ammunition magazines, as well as tightening background checks.
The suspect in the Parkland shooting, 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz, used an AR-15 assault-style rifle, according to authorities. His lawyer has said Cruz will plead guilty in return for a life prison sentence, rather than possibly facing the death penalty.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to get a gun legally.
Beyond making a statement, Saturday's marches aim to make political change by registering and mobilizing people to vote.
But the students insist their aim isn't partisan: "We're just trying to make sure that morally just people are running this country," Stoneman Douglas senior Ryan Deitsch told the AP.
As soon-to-be voters, the students say they're here to stay in the public debate.
"We are not just a presence on Twitter. We are not just some social media fad. We're not like Tide Pods," Deitsch said, referring to the laundry detergent packets that recently sparked a dangerous social-media-fueled trend of teenagers eating them.
"We're trying to push this idea that we have a voice, that people can speak out, and that that voice should be heard," Deitsch said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Gene Simmons, KISS frontman and master capitalist, has filed a trademark application for a hand gesture that looks an awful lot like the heavy metal horns, the “rock on” hands–whatever you want to call them. It would be ridiculous for Simmons to claim such an iconic and widely used symbol as his own, but also understandable on some level, since the horns are within his purview as a hard rocker. But the gesture that he's trying to trademark has little if anything to do with sex, drugs, or rock n roll: It's the American Sign Language symbol for “I love you.”
Everyone, of course, knows the devil horns: Index and pinky extending toward the sky; thumb, middle, and ring fingers tucked into a little ball. As The Hollywood Reporter notes, Simmons filed a trademark application with the USPTO on June 9 for a gesture that's similar, but with one crucial difference. It's right there in his application (emphasis ours): “The mark consists of a hand gesture with the index and small fingers extended upward and the thumb extended perpendicular.”
The application also includes a drawing:
No self-respecting metalhead would show up to a concert with thumb extended perpendicular! But as you can see from the photo above, and the many more available online showing Simmons' message of devotion to the ASL-speaking community, he is evidently no self-respecting metalhead.
Simmons' application only covers use of the sign for uses of “entertainment, namely, live performances by a musical artist; personal appearances by a musical artist,” THR notes, so the ASL community needn't worry about having to pay the guy a fee every time they want to get cute with their boyfriends and girlfriends. Read the full story–which includes a very funny anecdote about Jay-Z, the pro wrestling great Diamond Dallas Page, and the garish electro duo 3OH!3–here.
A local concert band made up of band directors and community members, decided to help out school band programs while they're still trying to bounce back following the flood.
It was a moment of triumph in the face of adversity and at the Columbia Theatre in Hammond.
The District IV Honor Band, made up of area middle and high school students held a concert. It's a sign of progress after several schools in the area were displaced by the historic flood.
Long time Denham Springs Jr. High School band director Ryan Beniot, said everything was either damaged or ruined.
“We lost tens of thousands of dollars in equipment, our entire music library, lots of student personal instruments, chairs, music stands, you name it," said Beniot.
And that's the common story for most bands in the area. Many are starting from scratch. One director said his 7th and 8th grade students haven't played since August.
"Any donation at this point will help get these programs back on their feet," said Lake Elementary band director Parrish Sonnier.
Jonathan Lyons, band director at South Side Jr. High School, recounts the devastating flood saying, “My school got over five and a half feet of water so basically my whole campus is...gone."
The Baton Rouge Concert Band heard the need and stepped in, raising enough money to give $300 checks to five middle schools; Denham Springs Jr. High School, South Side Jr. High School, Lake Elementary School, Galvez Middle School, and St. Amant Middle School.
A majority of the band programs lost their music library, which can cost up to $150 for each musical piece. Their hope is that this donation will give the programs a boost in their efforts to rebuild.
“It's hard for them to understand something that they're used to seeing and using every day, is not there anymore. But after the initial shock…the students are very resilient and they move forward and look forward with a positive attitude," said Jena Duplessis, Band Director Galvez Middle School.
Donations are still being accepted.
To make a contribution to the local band programs, contact the Baton Rouge Concert Band at http://brcb.org/
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Police are prepared for the inauguration of President-elect, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo
The Police Administration says it is ready to maintain high security across the country ahead of Saturday's inauguration of President-elect, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo.
Police Director of Operations, Chief Superintendent Dr Benjamin Agordzo, said they would clamp-down on activities of people who want to foment trouble.
“I must say that we are well prepared for any eventualities,” he told Joy News Sunday.
With six days to the inauguration of the new President, some security experts have urged effective collaboration among security agencies in the country.
They want the police and military to flush out persons who might jeopardize the safety of the over 6,000 guests expected to attend the ceremony.
Foreign diplomats including Presidents from some African and European countries are expected in the country Friday ahead of Saturday's programme.
Chief Superintendent Dr Agordzo said police officials have been dispatched across the country to maintain “peace, law and order” in the country.
He explained the police administration's security plan drawn for the December 7 general elections factored the inauguration ceremony.
The Motor Traffic Unit of the police service is controlling indecent behaviors of motorists in the course of the festivities, he said, adding they would do more in the coming days.
The U.S. military drastically stepped up its air campaign in Yemen last year, conducting more than six times as many airstrikes as in 2016, according to data from U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM).
In addition to the airstrikes, the Pentagon also acknowledges there is now a small intermittent U.S. military presence inside Yemen.
In 2017, the U.S. military carried out 131 airstrikes, both manned and unmanned, against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and ISIS in Yemen, the data shows. That's up from 21 strikes in 2016, the last year of the Obama administration. There have been at least 10 additional strikes since Jan. 1.
The airstrikes were carried out by drones, AC-130 gunships and fighter-bombers.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What went wrong during Yemen raid that killed Navy SEAL Ryan Owens? 10:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A senior U.S. intelligence official said the increased level of activity "has killed fighters, eviscerated AQAP's propaganda network, cut off external support and enabled UAE partners to regain territory."
The official confirmed an earlier U.S. military report that more than 50 ISIS fighters were killed in one October raid alone.
The increase is the result of a policy change by President Donald Trump almost immediately after taking office in January 2017.
Soon after the Trump administration took office, it declared parts of Yemen as well as neighboring Somalia to be "areas of active hostilities," giving the U.S. military more leeway to target terrorists from the air and on the ground without White House approval.
Yemenis stand on the rubble of a building destroyed by a U.S. drone air strike targeting al Qaeda militants in the southeastern Yemeni province of Shabwa on Feb. 3, 2013. Khaled Abdullah / Reuters file
Initially, the Pentagon operated off a target list developed during the transition between the Obama and Trump administrations. That target list focused almost exclusively on AQAP. Some additional strikes were conducted in support of counterterrorism operations by the special forces of the United Arab Emirates and Yemen, according to a senior intelligence official. As the year progressed, both air and ground strikes increased.
The U.S. launched a massive SEAL Team 6 operation in January the week after Trump was inaugurated. One Navy SEAL was killed and five were wounded in that raid. In addition, 29 Yemenis, including 16 civilians, were killed, according to U.S. intelligence officials. Subsequent to that, CENTCOM accelerated its airstrikes in follow-on attacks.
In May, the U.S. paused its Yemen operations after a ground assault, supported by aircraft and drones, went awry. Several U.S. service members were injured in a raid against a compound associated with AQAP in Yemen in which at least seven militants were killed, the Pentagon said. Witnesses also reported a small number of civilian deaths as well.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed US airstrikes in Yemen may signal new campaign by President Trump 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
By October, the U.S. military counterterrorism operations grew to include strikes and missions against ISIS, specifically a regional group called ISIS-Yemen (ISIS-Y). CENTCOM spokesperson Lt. Col. Earl Brown said in December that targeting ISIS "is required to prevent ISIS-Y from filling the vacuum left by a diminished AQAP footprint or influence in the region."
Despite that, a U.S. intelligence estimate contends that ISIS-Y doubled in size in 2017.
In December, CENTCOM acknowledged that the U.S. military had conducted "multiple ground operations" in Yemen in 2017, but did not provide a specific number or details about the raids.
Asked how many U.S. forces are stationed in Yemen, a Pentagon spokesperson declined to provide details.
"We do not discuss specific troop numbers, but at times there is a small amount of U.S. personnel in Yemen," the spokesperson, Lt. Cmdr. Rebecca Rebarich, said.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson). St. Louis Cardinals left fielder Randal Grichuk dives and catches a fly ball by Pittsburgh Pirates' Jordy Mercer during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 17, 2017, in St. Louis.
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). Milwaukee Brewers' Eric Thames, right, celebrates his home run off Chicago Cubs starting pitcher John Lackey, with Ryan Braun, during the third inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Chicago.
(AP Photo/Bill Kostroun). New York Yankees right fielder Aaron Judge celebrates his two-run home run with Chris Carter (48) and Starlin Castro, right, during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Monday, April 17, 2017, at ...
By The Associated Press
A look at what's happening all around the majors Tuesday:
___
BRONX BOOM
The Yankees aim for their ninth straight win when Luis Severino (1-0, 4.50 ERA) takes the mound against the visiting White Sox. The 23-year-old righty struck out 11 Tampa Bay hitters over seven innings in his last start and has fanned 17 in 12 innings this season after winning back a rotation spot in spring training. Miguel Gonzalez (1-0, 4.22) is up for Chicago.
BREWER BOPPER
Milwaukee newcomer Eric Thames has tied a franchise record by homering in five straight games. He connected Monday night against Cubs righty John Lackey and can set the club mark when the Brewers are back at Wrigley Field.
Thames matched the homer streak by Jeromy Burnitz for the Brewers in 1997. At 30, he is back from the playing in Korea and in the majors for the first time since 2012 with Seattle and Toronto. The major league record for consecutive games with a homer is eight by Ken Griffey Jr., Don Mattingly and Dale Long.
APRIL POWERS
Brad Ausmus seems to have the magic touch early in the season. Detroit has stormed to the top of the AL Central standings early in each of his four years as manager, including an 8-4 start to 2017. The team's young starting pitchers have been excellent so far, a group led by Michael Fulmer (1-0, 2.25), who will start at Tampa Bay. The Tigers have won each of Fulmer's first two starts, including when he shut out Boston over six innings in his first outing.
LET'S GO
After a lot of winter talk about speeding up, the average time of a nine-inning game in the major leagues increased 5 minutes to 3:05 during the first two weeks of the season. The Pirates and Cardinals help cut that down Monday night, taking only 2 hours, 14 minutes as St. Louis won at home.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TORONTO — Don't etch the Toronto Maple Leafs roster in stone quite yet.
Although the Maple Leafs defeated the Winnipeg Jets in a laugher to open the season on Wednesday night, coach Mike Babcock won't use the same lineup on Saturday for the home opener against the New York Rangers.
Defenceman Calle Rosen was recalled Friday and will make his National Hockey League debut, as will veteran centre Dominic Moore.
Watching from the Air Canada Centre press box will be centred Eric Fehr, who was sharp on the penalty kill in Winnipeg, and rookie defenceman Andreas Borgman.
“I decided we were going to play Borgman there (in Winnipeg) and Rosen here,” Babcock said. “I did the same with Fehr. Fehr is a Winnipeg kid and Moore played in New York. In the end, that's how I made my decision.
“If you base (the lineup) on, ‘you won and should never change your lineup,' I don't think you are being fair to our group and developing the best group you can.
“Those decisions can always be second-guessed on a win-loss basis, but to me we are trying to build our program and do the right thing and evaluate our players and get better. That's why we're doing it.”
Rosen will be paired with Connor Carrick. Moore will be on the fourth line between Matt Martin and Connor Brown.
“I'm looking forward to everything,” Rosen said. “Playing in the NHL is what every kid dreams about. If I play tomorrow, that would be another step in the right direction in my career.
“(Carrick) is easy to play with. I think we are both pretty good skaters and can pass the puck. We have to keep the tempo and give the puck to our forwards quick.”
Rosen takes the roster spot that was opened when defenceman Martin Marincin cleared waivers and was sent to the Leafs' American Hockey League affiliate.
“We think Marty has lots of good skills to play in the NHL and confidence has been something we have talked a lot about,” Babcock said. “Every time the (general) manager and coach are there watching, you play well and then when there is an opportunity you get called upon.
“In the meantime, though, we're in a process. Borgman and Rosen, we don't want either one of them sitting around, so if they are not playing, they won't be here.”
Fact is, Babcock has a pool of depth that not all NHL coaches possess.
“I guess it's like anything — you still have to make that decision,” Babcock said.
“You can avoid making that decision and say, ‘we won' and don't get them in. But we think they are all good players. If it was clear that one guy was ahead of the other guy, there would be no decision to make and I would not have to worry about that. We're deeper than we have been in a long time. Sosh (Nikita Soshnikov) and Kappy (Kasperi Kapanen) can play in the NHL without any question, and yet they are not here.”
Also practising on Friday, as promised by general manager Lou Lamoriello, was defenceman Roman Polak. The NHL veteran has not signed a contract with the Leafs after trying out during camp but will continue to practise with the club as he recovers from a broken leg suffered in the playoffs last spring.
tkoshan@postmedia.com
Two men suspected of a carjacking in Connecticut were killed when the stolen car crashed into a synagogue following a police chase.
New Haven police say the two suspects claimed to have a handgun and took the victim's 2005 Toyota Highlander around 12:15 a.m. Monday. The victim was not injured.
A little more than an hour later an officer spotted the stolen car, called for backup, and began pursuing the suspects.
The stolen car crashed into the Congregation Beth El Keser Synagogue.
The suspects' names have not been released. New Haven police say the investigation has been turned over to the Connecticut State Police and the state's attorney's office.
Police Minister Stuart Nash says there are no plans to have police officers carry personal firearms.
"I'm not a fan of arming officers at all," says Nash, "Police do have access to firearms- if they need them they have lock boxes in all the cars. Of course, we have the armed offenders squad when there is a call out, but I'm not in favour of arming police and that's not on the work program going forward."
However, two things that are on the priority list are increasing community policing and tackling gangs.
"We've been taking [gang] assets and what we do know is, you can put them in jail and deprive them of their freedom for a couple of years but you take away their new harleys, their muscle cars, their houses and cash that's what really hurts- so there is that approach," says Nash.
But police need an increase in resources, something Nash says has been missing over the last nine years.
"There hasn't been an increase in funding for police, a measurable increase in funding for police, over the last nine years, so I've seen the population to police ratio go from about 500 population to one officer up to 540," he says.
Nash hopes the new recruitment video drive will help achieve the ambitious goal of attracting 600 new officers every year for the next three years.
LOS ANGELES — A woman on Monday said she was a 17-year-old model and aspiring actress when Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as she spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Dadis said Seagal reached under her bikini top, grabbed her nipples and then grabbed her genitals soon after the audition began. She said she promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
“I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men,” Dadis said through tears as she read from a written statement.
She recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said Monday that her case is under review.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said she had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced her to Seagal. After several phone calls and text messages, Seagal invited Dadis to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan, Dadis said.
Dadis brought a family friend because her mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and she ended up in a room with only Seagal and his personal security guard.
Seagal had told her to wear a bikini or bra and panties under her clothes, and had her walk around the room in the bikini before saying he wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Dadis said.
“Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience,” she said. “I left feeling horrified and totally violated.”
She said she told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because she feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. She said Seagal later called her, but she never accepted the calls.
Dadis said she was inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actress Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped his pants during an audition with her.
Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside her attorney, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18, allegations she previously made on NBC's “Megyn Kelly Today” in January.
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed her at an audition in 1995.
After her interview with McCarthy, Seagal said on his Facebook page that he had never met Simons and her story was fabricated, and he has denied the allegations of the other actresses.
Bloom said there are no immediate plans for lawsuits.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A yellow weather alert for ice in Chester and Ellesmere Port has been extended by the Met Office through to tomorrow morning (Tuesday, December 12).
The initial warning had been in place until 4pm today but this has now been updated to last up until Tuesday at 11am.
It means tonight is set to be freezing, with temperatures reaching a minimum of -6°C.
(Image: @MatthewLumby)
Tuesday will start with a severe frost, according to forecasters, but it will generally be a dry day with some sunshine, although temperatures will struggle to rise above freezing.
Eight schools in the borough have closed today due to the weather, which has included snowfall of up to 5cm in some places.
Cheshire police tweeted: "Make sure you prepare and plan your journey and leave extra time to arrive safely. Brake and accelerate gently and smoothly. If struggling to get traction, try starting in second gear. Stay in the clearest lane and avoid overtaking in lanes still covered with snow or ice."
Job growth hit a milestone Friday under the Trump administration as American employers added another 200,000 positions in January for a record 88 months of consecutive hiring increases, the Labor Department reported.
The number is an uptick from December's revised increase of 160,000 jobs.
Economists were most keenly watching not the number of jobs but how much more people are being paid to do them.
Wages increased at 2.9 percent versus last year.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Will artificial intelligence take human jobs? 1:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The increase in average hourly earnings was the fastest of the recovery so far, raising hopes that the tide was finally turning. However, wage growth acceleration has surged forward at different times during the economic upswing, only to fall back again.
Despite the streak of overall employment gains that began six years before President Donald Trump took office, wage growth has remained stubbornly tepid.
Any increase is good for workers but the uptick is barely enough to keep pace with inflation, or how much more everything costs, which stands at an estimated 2.38 percent. This minimizes the impact of any nominal wage increases. If you're getting paid $3 more but your groceries also cost $2.75 more you're not really getting ahead.
Following the business-first GOP tax cut in December, employers opted to give workers one-time bonuses — but not pay raises — and pledged to invest in hiring and capital improvements. Tax experts also expect companies to invest in stock buybacks and dividends, rewarding shareholders but not necessarily employees.
Despite the tax cut windfall, employers have also been reluctant to spend down their record cash reserves on pay raises, which would raise their overall liabilities on an ongoing basis.
Many of the announced numbers largely include spending the companies were planning to do anyway. And much of that investment is going toward automation, which is destroying jobs faster than the economy can retrain displaced workers.
The unemployment rate remained unchanged at 4.1 percent. The U-6, or "real unemployment" rate, went up a tenth of a percent, to 8.2 percent.
Three U.S. physicists won the Nobel Prize in Physics on Tuesday for their work that led to the detection of gravitational waves — the ripples in space-time made when black holes collide and when other big cosmic events happen.
Kip Thorne and Barry Barish of the California Institute of Technology and Rainer Weiss of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology split the $1 million prize, awarded for their work in designing and developing the detectors that proved the waves exist.
The world's first captured gravitational waves were created in a violent collision between two black holes, 1.3 billion light years away. When these waves passed the Earth they had weakened considerably: the disturbance in spacetime that LIGO measured was thousands of times smaller than an atomic nucleus. Nobel Prize
“This year's prize is about a discovery that shook the world,” the Nobel committee's Göran Hansson said in making the announcement.
Kip Thorne, 77, may be one of the best-known names in science. The Caltech physicist has written several popular books that have made arcane ideas such as wormholes, time travel and gravity understandable to nonscientists.
Related: Collision Shook Space-Time
It was his work on gravitational waves that got him a share of the Nobel, considered the premier prize in science. The Nobel Committee specifically named their work on LIGO, the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory.
“Pioneers Rainer Weiss and Kip S. Thorne, together with Barry C. Barish, the scientist and leader who brought the project to completion, have ensured that more than four decades of effort led to gravitational waves finally being observed,” the committee said in its announcement.
The collision of two black holes holes--a tremendously powerful event detected for the first time ever by LIGO--is seen in this still from a computer simulation. Caltech / MIT/LIGO Laboratory
“The 2017 Nobel Laureates have, with their enthusiasm and determination, each been invaluable to the success of LIGO,” it added.
The Berlin-born Weiss, 85, gets half the prize. Thorne and Barish, 81, split the other half.
“LIGO is no ordinary telescope for detecting light and other electromagnetic radiation from space. It is an instrument for listening to space's gravitational waves; even if gravitational waves are tremors in spacetime itself, and not sound waves, their frequency is equivalent to those we can hear with our human ears,” the committee said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Detection of Gravitational Waves Wins The 2017 Nobel Prize In Physics 1:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Many of us who work on this fully expect that we are going to learn about things we didn't know about," Weiss said by phone to the Nobel committee as they made the announcement.
Related: Body Clock Researchers Win Nobel Prize in Medicine
LIGO includes a pair of 2.5 mile long, L-shaped devices called interferometers that use laser light split into two beams that travel back and forth down its arms. One detector is in Louisiana and the other in Washington state.
They monitor the distance between mirrors precisely positioned at the ends of the arms. Gravitational waves move the mirrors to an infinitesimal degree.
More than 1,000 people have worked on or with LIGO. Carlos Lousto of the Rochester Institute of Technology is one of them. He'd been up in the early morning hours in the hope that the trio would win. “We are very happy to hear the news,” he said.
"It's not Ray and Barry and me who really deserve the credit for this," Thorne told a news conference. "The credit belongs to the amazing LIGO team of 1,000 engineers or more."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How Scientists Verified One of Einstein's Most Controversial Theories 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Nobel prizes are never announced ahead of time. Researchers are often awakened with a surprise phone call from Stockholm, where the prizes are decided and awarded. But the physics world had widely anticipated this one and the three researchers, along with others, have won a series of major prizes and commendations for the work.
Nonetheless, Thorne admitted to feeling some emotion when the phone call woke him up at 2.15 am California time and forced him to stumble downstairs to answer.
"I thought I would be blasé, but in fact I was overwhelmed," Thorne said.
Barish had been waiting. "I had set the alarm for 2.40 am knowing that 2.45 was when it was supposed to be livestreamed," he said."I got up at 2.40. There had been no phone call," he said to laughter.
"I assumed they had passed us over," he added.
"Then my cellphone started ringing."
Related: No Fluke- Scientists See Black Holes Collide Again
The 2015 announcement that LIGO had detected gravitational waves shook the science world and provided hard evidence to back up Einstein's prediction about gravitational waves in his General Theory of Relativity.
“The signal was extremely weak when it reached Earth, but is already promising a revolution in astrophysics. Gravitational waves are an entirely new way of observing the most violent events in space and testing the limits of our knowledge,” the Nobel committee said.
“Now we can see them,” Lousto said. “Now we can see this dark part of the universe.”
Just last month the team announced they'd added a third leg to the continent-wide observatory: the Italian-based Virgo helped triangulate an observation of a gravitational wave along with LIGO.
"LIGO was a huge technical and scientific gamble," Caltech physics professor Fiona Harrison said. "But it paid off in spades with one of the most dramatic discoveries in decades."
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry will be announced Wednesday. There are also prizes for economics and for peace.
Egypt's chief-of-staff has mediated between two Libyan rivals who refused to meet face to face in Cairo but later agreed to form a committee to renegotiate a U.N. peace deal.
Col. Tamer el-Rifai, an Egyptian army spokesman, says the two — the head of Libya's U.N.-backed government, Fayez Serraj, and Khalifa Hifter, the country's most powerful army commander — met separately with Egypt's chief-of-staff, Lt. Gen. Mahmoud Hegazy late on Tuesday.
He says they agreed to form a joint committee that would make key changes to the 2015 U.N.-brokered peace deal.
Once the parliament, based in eastern Libya, endorses the changes, it would pave the way for parliamentary and presidential elections next year.
Libya's east-based parliament does not recognize the U.N.-backed government set up in the country's capital, Tripoli.
A Bury St Edmunds cinema is launching a series of ‘dementia friendly' film screenings.
Abbeygate Cinema, in Hatter Street, is running the initiative for people living with dementia as well as their family, friends and carers.
It launches with a showing of musical Singin' in the Rain on Monday, March 6 at 11am.
The lights will be left on low with free tea, coffee and biscuits before the screening.
There will also be a 20 minute interval. The initiative is in partnership with the Gatehouse Dementia Hub and Dementia Action Alliance.
Amanda Bloomfield, of Gatehouse, said: “This is a solid foundation on which to build a dementia friendly community and we're happy to advise other businesses looking to improve their facilities to include those with dementia.”
Admission is £4 and carers go free.
A mother-daughter duo were arrested in Salisbury for growing marijuana in their home. 54-year-old Elizabeth Waybright and 19-year-old Britani Elburn were running a marijuana operation out of their basement in the 600 block of Mary Jane Drive when Waybright's son found the plants. He reported it to the police after the pair refused to get rid of the stash. Elburn proceeded to punch and bite the boy before Waybright kicked him on the ground. When police got to the house, Waybright tried to lock them out before trying to lock herself in a bedroom. Police were able to arrest both women and charged them with assault and possession, and Waybright was additionally charged with avoiding arrest. She's being held on $60,000 bond; Elburn, on $50,000.
Well, that was fast. Elon Musk claims to have sold out of flamethrowers in just four days.
The Tesla founder said on Twitter that he would stop taking orders for the $500 devices after selling 20,000. The goal was to raise $10 million for his tunneling business, The Boring Company.
The Boring Company, founded in 2016, has plans to create a network of underground tunnels to ease traffic congestion.
Musk, who is known for provocative antics, first mentioned plans to sell a flamethrower in December, and repeatedly plugged the idea on social media.
The Boring Company insisted the flamethrower is safe.
"Much like a roller coaster, this is designed to be thrilling without danger," a company spokesman said in a statement.
Musk had advertised the flamethrowers as "guaranteed to liven up any party," drawing a huge reaction online.
"When the zombie apocalypse happens, you'll be glad you bought a flamethrower," he tweeted on Sunday. "Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!"
Related: Can Elon Musk make subway tunnels cool again?
The flamethrowers will start shipping in the spring, according to The Boring Company's website. Musk said in a tweet that each flamethrower would be dispatched with a complimentary fire extinguisher.
The Boring Company previously sold 50,000 hats for $20 apiece in 2017. The business is privately funded.
Related: Tesla won't pay Elon Musk unless...
Not everyone is amused. Miguel Santiago, who serves in the California State Assembly, said he would file legislation to block the stunt.
"We've now seen some of the worst wildfires in California's history, so handing out flame torchers for $500 is a really bad idea and bad public policy," he said.
-- Julia Horowitz and Bill Burke contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Why I gave Justice Yinusa N750,000 – Nwobike, SAN
A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, SAN, Joseph Nwobike, has explained why he transferred N750, 000 to a serving federal judge, Justice Nasiru Yinusa. He insisted that the money was to help the judge pay for his mother's medical treatment and bribe. Nwobike said this Wednesday at his ongoing corruption trial before an Ikeja division of […]
Why I gave Justice Yinusa N750,000 – Nwobike, SAN
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - A judge has refused to overturn a decision to banish two sisters from their Roman Catholic school in New Jersey after a dispute over one of them wanting to play on the boys basketball team.
Superior Court Judge Donald Kessler on Monday lashed out at the girls' parents for making the dispute public and said the family didn't cite any law that would allow the court to interfere with the religious school's decision.
Cardinal Joseph Tobin testified that he decided not to allow 13-year-old Sydney Phillips and her younger sister, Kaitlyn, to re-enroll because their parents' behavior was not in the best interest of St. Theresa School in Kenilworth.
The dispute began when Sydney Phillips wasn't allowed to play on the boys' team.
The girls' father said it was a "sad day to be a Catholic."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(CNN) -- A Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after an apparently stray bullet hit his head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando "Mando" Martinez, D-Weslaco, said his wife had just given him a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing he knew, "it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head."
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said he had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when he was hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated his skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
"Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation," Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting, and investigators "have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet," county sheriff's office spokesman JP Rodriguez said.
"There is no evidence to indicate he was targeted," Rodriguez said.
"It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it," Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Using a technique called microlensing, astrophysicists at the University of Oklahoma have confirmed the existence of exoplanets beyond the Milky Way galaxy. Not just one or two, either — the scientific team has estimated that there are multitudes of planets, ranging in sizes comparable from the Moon to Jupiter, in the galaxy known as RX J1131-1231.
Findings from the research were recently published in the Astrophysical Journal Letters. The image above shows the galaxy at the center, surrounded by four quasars. It's estimated there are several trillion planets in that central red dot.
Moreover, these appear to be “rogue” planets not circling a star in a conventional solar system but roaming free around the far-off galaxy.
“We are very excited about this discovery. This is the first time anyone has discovered planets outside our galaxy,” said OU professor Xinyu Dai. “These small planets are the best candidate for the signature we observed in this study using the microlensing technique.”
Einstein theorized that astronomers could use microlensing to observe distant objects using the gravity of stars that are directly between them and the Earth, Terry Oswalt of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University told CNET. “When a star in the foreground passes exactly between us and a background star, gravitational microlensing results in a perfectly circular ring of light — a so-called ‘Einstein ring,'” he said.
The massive gravitational pull of an object like a star causes space to bend around it, and light from a more distant object would curve around it as well, resulting in a magnifying effect.
The astrophysicists used observations from NASA's Chandray X-ray Observatory, a space telescope controlled by the Smithsonian. They then analyzed the results using the OU Supercomputing Center. Microlensing has been used to discover thousands of planets within the Milky Way before, but this is a new frontier.
“This is an example of how powerful the techniques of analysis of extragalactic microlensing can be,” said OU researcher Eduardo Guerras. “This galaxy is located 3.8 billion light years away, and there is not the slightest chance of observing these planets directly, not even with the best telescope one can imagine in a science fiction scenario. However, we are able to study them, unveil their presence and even have an idea of their masses. This is very cool science.”
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Starrfmonline.com
2017-10-06
Akufo-Addo has been installed as a traditional landowner at Bolgatanga
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has become the first Ghanaian Commander in Chief to be installed a traditional landowner in the Bolgatanga Traditional Area of the Upper East region.
The title, known in the native language (Gurune) as Tindana, was conferred on the president at a durbar of paramount traditional rulers held Wednesday as part of his two-day working tour of the region.
The Traditional Landowner of Tindomolgo, Tindana Ayeta Ayimbire, who presented the ceremonial dress (a sheepskin, sandals made with a cowhide and a triangular pair of woven pants) to the President as his symbol of authority at the durbar grounds on behalf of the Tindama (traditional landowners) in the Upper East region, was full of praise for the President for “having the deprived region at heart”.
The honour done the President, according to the Secretary to the Tindana, Dominic Agongo, is in recognition of his “profound feelings for the poor” and “commitment to conflict resolution and management”, particularly in the areas of land disputes.
“Thank you for remembering us, Tindama, by providing office equipment to help us in land management at the Customary Land Secretariat to avoid land disputes. May God and our ancestors bless you, Your Excellency, for the free SHS policy which has saved us, parents, from so much trouble.
“We pray to our ancestors to keep you reminded of our desire for a factory to help in promoting our famous craft industry—which includes baskets, leatherworks and smocks. We will also not forget of our efficient quarry in Bolgatanga which has rocks in abundance. God bless the President. God bless Ghana,” said Tindana Ayeta Ayimbire.
The Tindama also commended the Upper East Regional Minister, Rockson Ayine Bukari, for his “dedication to the development of the region” and pledged their support towards the success of his “good plans” for the region.
“We call on God and all our ancestors and shrines of the region to stand behind and support our Regional Minister, Hon. Rockson Bukari, who is doing a lot as an indigene to revive farming and to promote development in the region,” craved the Tindana.
23,000 farmers on Planting for Food and Jobs programme— Regional Minister
Welcoming the audience, the Upper East Regional Minister announced that the Planting for Food and Jobs policy had brought an attention-grabbing change everywhere, with more than 23, 000 farmers, according to him, having been enrolled onto the programme.
“In the last few months, more than 23,000 farmers in this region were enrolled on the Planting for Food and Jobs Programme where fertiliser was sold to them at 50% reduction of the market cost and other implements made available in time. All indications point to the fact that in less than 2 months to come, when the farming season in this part of the country will have ended, the impact of the campaign would have been clearer to all,” the minister said.
He also observed that patronage for the Livelihood Empowerment Against Poverty (LEAP) programme had been encouraging in the region and assured the President of the region's readiness to support his vision to transform Ghana into the country fit for its good citizens.
“Ghanaians are witnesses to the confrontation to the nation's challenges with unprecedented urgency and diligence. The present generation owes it a duty be disciplined. We in this part of the country are experiencing the impact of the climatic change caused by improper management of the environment. We can only support the ban on illegal mining,” Mr. Bukari stated.
Revamp our collapsed factories, fix our roads- Chiefs
An address delivered by the Paramount Chiefs of Bongo, who is also the Vice President of the Upper East Regional House of Chiefs, Naba Baba Salifu Atamale Lemyaruum, on behalf of the traditional rulers in the region dwelt extensively on the region's infrastructural ruins and the spate of land-related litigations.
“On the one-district-one-factory project, we believe that when this programme takes off, it will reduce rural-urban drift and its associated fallouts. The people of this region would like government to consider revamping the defunct Bolgatanga Meat Factory and the Pwalugu Tomato Factory under this laudable initiative as a matter of priority,” he said.
Naba Lemyaruum added: “This region has had many projects forestalled due to litigation from one quarters or another. We are not saying compensation should not be paid to landowners. But we are saying that where a particular project is supposed to be sited in a particular area on a particular land, there shouldn't be litigation. We the chiefs and the tindanas should cooperate with our people to release land for projects. Unfortunately, the road from Bolga through Naga to Navrongo, very bad. Binduri to Garu, bad. Tongo through Pelungu to Nangodi, bad. And that of Bongo through Balungu to Namoo, worst! Our humble request to the Excellency the President is to help us fix these roads.”
In response, President Akufo-Addo assured the chiefs that the Minister for Trade and Industry, Allan Kyeremanteng, would see to the revamping of the collapsed factories.
MOSCOW — Congratulations poured in from around the world as Russian President Vladimir Putin celebrated his landslide election win on Monday. But one group was notably silent: some of the heads of the West's leading democracies.
With 99.84 percent of the votes counted Monday morning, Putin won with a resounding 76.6 percent — nearly 65 percent ahead of his closest rival, the Communist Party's Pavel Grudinin, and bettering his own result from 2012 by 13 percent.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, an ally of the Russian government, sent a congratulatory message to Putin, and added that the current China-Russia partnership is "at the best level in history," according to the official Xinhua News Agency.
Vladimir Putin meets with co-chairs of his campaign office at the Kremlin in Moscow on Monday. Yuri Kadobnov / Pool via Reuters
The leaders of Azerbaijan, Belarus, Iran, Japan, Kazakhstan, Moldova and Saudi Arabia all congratulated Putin, as did the leaders of Bolivia, Cuba and Venezuela.
Meanwhile, the reaction from Western countries that have been questioning the policies and actions of Putin's government on many fronts has been decidedly muted.
A German government spokesman said Chancellor Angela Merkel would congratulate Putin soon, adding that while Berlin has differences of opinion with Moscow, it's important to keep up contact.
There was no reaction from the United States as of 12:30 p.m. ET Monday. The U.S. took a tougher tone on Russia last week, issuing long-awaited sanctions against Russian "cyber actors" for interference in the 2016 U.S. election.
French President Emmanuel Macron did speak with Putin by telephoneon Monday, wishing Russia and its people "success with the modernization of the country on the political, democratic, economic and social fronts."
“ I think there is a feeling that we have been wronged and that breeds unity”
But a spokesperson for British Prime Minister Theresa May said Monday that the U.K. will comment on the outcome of the election when it has seen an assessment by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's election observation mission. The OSCE has already released a report suggesting the election was well administered, although characterized by restrictions on fundamental freedoms and a lack of genuine competition.
Russia's diplomatic relationship with the United Kingdom turned particularly sour just days before the election in light of the poisoning of former Russian agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter in England.
In an intensifying spat between the two countries, Russia expelled 23 British diplomats on Saturday in a retaliatory measure after Britain accused the Kremlin of responsibility for the poisoning and kicked out 23 Russian diplomats last week.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Vladimir Putin wins fourth presidency in a landslide 0:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
May said last week that she had spoken to President Donald Trump, Merkel and Macron, who all agreed to "cooperate closely" in response to the killing and to "stand up for the rules-based international order which Russia seeks to undermine."
Putin denied Russia was behind the attack during a post-election news conference Sunday night, calling the incident "a tragedy."
"Any sensible person understands that it's a complete fantasy, rubbish, nonsense, that someone in Russia might do something like this on the eve of the presidential elections and the World Cup," Putin said.
This frostiness from the West didn't dent restaurant worker Victor Trakhin's enthusiasm for Putin, however.
"I am with Putin. Seventy-six is not enough — It's 100 percent for me," Trakhin said, a Moscow resident.
He says he finds the muted reaction from the West expected.
"They are afraid. What else can they say? They are not happy Russia is someone to contend with," he said.
Newspapers show Vladimir Putin after his reelection at a newsstand in Moscow on Monday. Kirill Kudryavtsev / AFP - Getty Images
Retiree Stanislav Maslov, 79, disagreed, and said he wished relations with the West were better.
"I also want normalized relations with the rest of the world," said Maslov, who added that he had voted for Grudinin and that he thought Putin's share of the vote would be significantly lower.
With six more years of Putin's rule, Maslov said he wanted the president to pay more attention to the economy and internal affairs.
Some mused about how the Skirpal poisoning affected the results of the election.
Anastasia Esupova, 24, a creative director and St. Petersburg native, called the case "just another provocation," but thinks the diplomatic dispute it caused may have played in Putin's favor.
"A lot of our citizens want to see a strong, military image," Esupova said. "I think there is a feeling that we have been wronged, and that breeds unity."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
MIDTERM MADNESS: Trump to take aim a red-state Dem senators
One of us(!) writes that new analysis from Gallup shows a drop in the importance of presidential ‘moral leadership' among Republicans.
Trump's summer strategy is to take aim relentlessly at red-state Democratic senators, writes the New York Times.
AZ-9: It's official: Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton has stepped down so that he can run for Kyrsten Sinema's old seat.
CA: Independents now surpass Republicans in California, per the Sacramento Bee.
MO-GOV: After all that — Gov. Eric Greitens announced last night that he will step down at the end of this week, although he still maintains that he did nothing wrong and has been the victim of “legal harassment.”
Missouri's next governor will be Lt. Gov. Mike Parson.
ND-SEN: Republicans aren't happy with how Trump has occasionally courted Heidi Heitkamp.
RI-SEN: Lincoln Chafee won't run for Senate after all.
TN-SEN: The Tennesseean sums up Trump's appearance in Nashville last night.
And NBC's Jonathan Allen reports on Trump's jabs at ailing Sen. John McCain.
After Trump called Phil Bredesen a “tool,” Bredesen's campaign issued this statement, per NBC's Vaughn Hillyard: “Governor Bredesen has made it clear that if President Trump proposes something that's good for Tennessee, then he'll support it. Likewise, if the president suggests something that's bad for Tennesseans, then he'll oppose it. That's what senators ought to do. Bottom line: Phil Bredesen is an independent thinker with a proven record of working with Democrats and Republicans. In Washington, he'll vote in the best interests of Tennessee and Tennesseans.”
TN-GOV: Diane Black called pornography a “big part of the root cause” of school shootings.
UT-SEN: Mitt Romney's opponent is calling him a carpetbagger — and again attacking him for calling Robert Jeffress a “bigot.”
VA: It looks like the Virginia Senate is ready to expand Medicaid in a vote today.
WI-GOV: ICYMI: Milwaukee mayor Tom Barrett isn't getting into the crowded gubernatorial race.
WV-SEN: An internal Democratic poll shows Manchin up by double digits.
TRUMP AGENDA: CIA report says North Korea won't denuclearize
NBC's Courtney Kube, Ken Dilanian and Carol Lee: “A new U.S. intelligence assessment has concluded that North Korea does not intend to give up its nuclear weapons any time soon, three U.S. officials told NBC News — a finding that conflicts with recent statements by President Donald Trump that Pyongyang intends to do so in the future.”
Children's shelters at the border are filling up rapidly, writes the Washington Post.
NBC's Erik Ortiz sums up last night's MSNBC forum on ‘everyday racism.'
And here's NBC's story on the cancellation of “Roseanne” and the star's apology for a racist tweet.
The New York Times reports that Trump asked Jeff Sessions to keep control of the Russia inquiry even after his recusal.
Federal prosecutors are about to get a whole lot of files from Michael Cohen's phone.
The Washington Post reports that Giuliani said Trump won't sit for an interview with Mueller unless the Trump team can review all FBI source documents.
The Wall Street Journal has the latest on what Trump's move on tariffs could mean for China trade talks.
What exactly is up with Melania Trump? POLITICO looks at how conspiracy theories about her illness have flourished amid her silence.
Mark Milke is author of A Nation of Serfs? How Canada's Political Culture Corrupts Canadian Values
When some pundits, professors and politicians write or speak of populism, they often do so with a sneer and the assumption that populist voters are knuckle-dragging reactionaries with genetic stock firmly planted in the evolutionary Neanderthal period. You know the arguments and the attitude: a new politician cobbles together a coalition or platform defined by someone as populist and out come the rhetorical knives and eye-rolls.
Politicians in the past and present endured this treatment: Tommy Douglas, W.A.C. Bennett (his critics called him “wacky”), Ralph Klein, Mike Harris, Preston Manning and, more recently, Rob Ford and now Doug Ford.
Internationally, the politicians most associated with populism include Juan and Eva Peron in Argentina in the 1950s and 1970s, the American president Ronald Reagan in the 1980s, and the La Pen father-and-daughter National Front tag team in France over the last few decades. Many of the newer political parties in other European countries including European Union diktat-resisting parties in Hungary and Poland are categorized in such a manner. Populists include the left and right in Great Britain as represented by Jeremy Corbyn and the Brexit movement. As of 2015 in the United States, the list includes the rise of Bernie Sanders who almost upended Hillary Clinton in the Democratic party primaries and Donald Trump who did topple “his” party's assumed favourites and then became president.
In other words, the new populists are like the old populists: They act as divining rods and sometimes take power if established politicians ignore concerns on the ground.
Populism from “left” to “right” and beyond
The list of names should give us pause. They range from those who in economic terms might be labelled left-wing (Douglas, Corbyn and Sanders) or right-wing (Ronald Reagan, Mike Harris and Ralph Klein). Plenty of others defy such stereotypes. Economic pigeon-holes skip over, for example, cultural and social issues. But the latter more helpfully explain the rise of the new European parties, Brexit and Trump.
As with any new movement and the politicians and parties that later surf on populism to power, there is often no coherent or consistent program, economic or otherwise. There instead exists a mishmash of concerns that should be taken seriously—early, rather than, as is often the case, dismissed.
I'm not arguing that each of the above-named personalities is always correct on policy. But we should see populism for what it is: An expression of an under-represented or unheard chunk of the public.
As one example, today's anxieties in Europe, the United States and Canada include whether new immigrants are successfully integrating into the norms of Western nations, such as the equality of women and the freedom to criticize others' gods.
These concerns ought to be frankly discussed and addressed, not least because in a virtually connected world where people can retain their tribal identities and fail to integrate into the modern liberal democratic Western nation-state, such realities pose a threat to stable, functioning societies and to traditional Western freedoms—I can criticize your god and if you dislike it, you do not get to silence me via the law or even not-so-subtle shaming or threats.
That's just one example where a so-called populist impulse (about immigration over time and integration) is a valid, non-xenophobic concern. I can think of other issues: The rise of identity politics, native Canadian and minority carve-outs in policy preferences, higher education and employment.
Populism in Canada: Repressed
One reason why populism—average Canadians who buck elite preferences—surprises the self-referencing classes when a populist shows up at the top of a political party (Doug Ford and his Ontario PC leadership win) is because there are few ways for Canadians to adequately and regularly express their preferences.
I don't mean every four or five years in an election. Elections are an obvious, necessary part of a liberal democracy but never enough to set complicated issues on the path to smart and workable remedies. That is because elections often turn on personalities (“Sunny ways and socks”– Justin Trudeau versus the dour Stephen Harper) and rarely on issues. One remedy is a greater use of referendums, including citizen-initiated versions just in case politicians and governments are resistant to chronic public irritations.
But Canada's political system is mostly devoid of such populist safety valves. That is unlike Europe and the United States where they are widespread and in many cases, required. (The Swiss have multiple referendums on often contentious issues ranging from minimum wage to abolishing the military and no one thinks they are less civilized for doing so.) Referendums are helpful to honest debate and provide clearer results on what actually matters to the voting or protesting public.
The other reason populism in Canada is rarely spotted until it hits the top of a political party is because our parties routinely make it more and not less difficult to run against an incumbent or the leader's favourite. For example, the party leader is usually the one to sign off on a candidate's nomination papers. (Patrick Brown practiced this top-down approach in spades before he was toppled and chased out of the Ontario PC party.) This allows incumbents and existing party favourites to more easily shield themselves from challenges that may result from a populist wave. That further delays addressing core concerns.
In addition, through gag laws on free expression, governments across Canada thwart populist sentiment that might arise come from citizen's groups—so-called “third parties” in the lead-up to and during elections. Such gag laws are yet another sign the chattering classes and those with political power don't want their carefully-planned writ periods disturbed by voters who might actually care to discuss and promote idea debates, and not personalities.
The snobby reaction is blinding to understanding
Back to Ford: Is he tapping into something? Yes. Do people know in detail what his policies are? Not yet. But Ford is obviously signalling at least some Ontarians' angst on power bills, parental rights on educational matters and the general annoyance with the Wynne government's pay-the-debt forward approach to everyone's great-grandchildren's finances.
Which is to say this: Here's another way to look at populism: As reflective of democratic urges that are often ignored by those currently in power, and thus often entirely legitimate. In fact, that's the Oxford definition of populism: “A political approach that strives to appeal to ordinary people who feel that their concerns are disregarded by established elite groups.”
For those ensconced in the safe space of an ivory tower, newsroom or political office, it might help to get out a bit more –and listen to people very unlike you.
And some advice: After you do that, don't follow it up with a snide lecture.
MORE ABOUT POPULISM:
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has spoken positively of impending European regulations meant to improve consumer data privacy. But as Facebook makes moves to limit its liability, privacy advocates are starting to question whether Zuckerberg really meant his kind words.
Two major changes came to light this week with regard to Facebook's preparations for the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which takes effect on May 25. First, Reuters reported that the company changed the governance of its terms of service agreement for all users not in Europe — 1.5 billion of them, in Africa, Asia, Australia and Latin American — away from Ireland, the company's international headquarters. The move puts these users outside of the E.U.'s jurisdiction.
Second, Facebook introduced a new “privacy experience” in which users are asked to review their settings in accordance with the GDPR. Users will be prompted to go through a series of menus and decide how Facebook can target them with ads.
Both moves have been met with skepticism. Jason Kint, CEO of the online publishing trade association Digital Content Next and a vocal Facebook critic, said Facebook is moving to ensure its business is not hit by the regulatory changes.
“Facebook is doing as much as they can to protect their revenue,” Kint said. “Ninety-eight percent of their revenue is being tied to being able to collect as much data as possible to target audiences. Any raising of the bar has a negative impact on their business and has risk for them.”
The General Data Protection Regulation was passed in 2016 and companies were given two years to become compliant before regulators begin enforcing rules about the types of data companies can collect and store. Users are also given ownership of their data, affording them the right, in some cases, to request that it be deleted. Additionally, all data breaches must be reported within 72 hours.
Those changes are forcing a variety of companies to change their systems and their terms of service. Facebook is no different. The moves Facebook have taken so far indicate how high the stakes are under Europe's new rules. If companies run afoul of regulators, they could be slapped with fines as high as 4 percent of their yearly revenue — which for Facebook could be billions of dollars.
Dipayan Ghosh, a fellow at the think tank New America and a former privacy and public policy adviser at Facebook, said the company's move made sense in order to limit the risk posed by GDPR.
"Facebook's pivot in transferring 1.5 billion users' data onto U.S. shores — a decision that is apparently no different from those made by other U.S. internet firms — is premised on the idea of damage limitation,” Ghosh wrote in an email. “While we can expect the way that those users will be treated by the company to be no different from any other Facebook user, the company is clearly instituting this momentous change to control its global liabilities."
Stephen Deadman, Facebook's deputy chief global privacy officer, said in a statement that the company's change in its service agreement would not preclude users from the protections that GDPR implements.
“The GDPR and E.U. consumer law set out specific rules for terms and data policies which we have incorporated for E.U. users,” Deadman said. “We have been clear that we are offering everyone who uses Facebook the same privacy protections, controls and settings, no matter where they live. These updates do not change that.”
On Sunday, we posted the answers to questions posed by StormininNorman to Jake Mastroianni, Auburn FanSided expert for FlyWarEagle.com. Today, we reverse field and share the Q&A conducted by FlyWarEagle.com with StormininNorman:
Q: What is the feeling among Oklahoma fans about getting to play Auburn from the SEC in the Sugar Bowl?
A: The Sooner fans are excited to have OU playing in the Sugar Bowl. The Sugar Bowl spot goes to the Big 12 champion (when the Big 12 champion is not in the College Football Playoff), which in the case of Oklahoma marks a sensational finish to a regular season that started out 1-2 and outside of the top 25.
OU has only played Auburn once before (a 40-22 Sooner victory in the 1972 Sugar Bowl). Bob Stoops & Co. like nothing more than going up against an opponent from the SEC. And that goes for the Sooner Nation, as well.
Q: What are the key factors for Oklahoma to be able to win the Sugar Bowl game against Auburn?
A: The No. 1 key for the Sooners to be able to beat Auburn is to establish the run game with the combination of Samaje Perine and Joe Mixon. The running game opens up the field and triggers OU's passing attack, led by the country's most efficient passer and completion-percentage leader, Baker Mayfield, and the deep threat posed by Biletnikoff Award winner Dede Westbrook.
Q: Who are the difference makers for Oklahoma – on both sides of the ball -who could impact the outcome of the Sugar Bowl game?
A: The difference makers on offense for Oklahoma are the Sooner version of the Four Horsemen: QB Baker Mayfield, RBs, Samaje Perine and Joe Mixon and WR Dede Westbrook.
On defense, middle linebacker Jordan Evans and DBs Jordan Thomas and Steven Parker are the heavy lifters.
Q: Oklahoma destroyed Alabama in the Sugar Bowl a few years ago. Does that give the fans – the team – any more confidence going into this game?
A: The 2014 Sugar Bowl was a different time and a different team. Only a handful of Sooners who were at that game are on the current roster. Since that Sugar Bowl win, Oklahoma has been beaten twice, and fairly handily, by Clemson in back-to-back bowl appearances. That is more of a motivator going into this game, plus the opportunity to go up against the No. 2 team in the SEC this season, than anything else.
Q: What is your prediction for the game?
A: The key matchup in this game, from my perspective, is the Oklahoma offense vs. the very talented Auburn defense. The unit that wins this battle will determine the outcome. Oklahoma 38, Auburn 30
More from Stormin in Norman
This article originally appeared on
Courtney Act / Shane Jenek has won Celebrity Big Brother.
Advertisement
The former RuPaul's Drag Race star beat former politician Ann Widdecombe to be crowned the winner of CBB, with presenter Emma Willis revealing that Courtney had taken 49% of the total vote in the final.
Courtney said she thought it was “slightly ironic” to win Celebrity Big Brother: Year of the Woman before thanking the eight female housemates who were on the show this year.
“It's amazing to think that the public have chosen me. I guess it's validation – the things that I came in here believing in,” she said.
“My inspiration coming into the house was that teenage boy who didn't quite know where he belonged or how he fit in and feeling inspired by the Spice Girls and not knowing what that meant, but knowing that if it was OK for them to be different then it was OK to be different too.
“And I guess coming to the house is validation that it's OK to be different,” Courtney added.
Speaking about her relationship with Andrew Brady, Courtney said she respected his boundaries and that she revelled in the friendship “more than anything”.
Ann meanwhile said that she was “thoroughly bemused” to finish in second place and that she was “dying” to get back to living alone.
“Do you know how many times I've turned this programme down?” noted Ann, who added that she'd never seen any of Celebrity Big Brother but also admitted to having a soft spot for fellow housemate Jonny Mitchell.
“It was fine while I was in there,” reflected Ann on her experience and said there was “noise all the time” in the house and she didn't like being woken up by pop music first thing in the morning.
In a RadioTimes.com poll that asked 5,000 Celebrity Big Brother fans who they wanted to win before the final, Shane J overwhelmingly came out on top with a huge 48% of the total vote, while Ann took second place with 26.7%.
Celebrity Big Brother: Year of the Woman has been the longest in CBB history with a total run length of 32 days.
Starting with eight female housemates on day one, eight male celebrities joined just three days into the four and a half week show.
Shane and Ann beat Shane Lynch, Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep to take first and second place in the 21st series of the celebrity show.
Advertisement
Celebrity Big Brother returns to Channel 5 in the summer.
The program, YouthLinks, has been a part of the school system for 18 years and has reached thousands of students in that time. The program is the result of a partnership between the state Department of Labor and Workforce Development and Wilson County Schools. It's funded by the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act.
It began as a during-school program that only operated in the summer. YouthLinks was created when the decision was made it should be a year-round program.
It also originally served students 14-21 years old, and now it reaches students 18-24 years old.
“About two years ago, they decided our funds would be better used once students graduated from high school,” said program director Lisa Dickson. “So they moved our funds so when a young person graduates from high school, we can pick them up and carry them forward.”
What the program offers to young adults is to get them put on some kind of career path, whether that means attending a college or trade school or simply getting work experience in a field in which they're interested.
“They want everyone who enrolls in our program to leave with something better,” said Dickson. “If you come to us, we want you to get some kind of certification, associate's degree or bachelor's degree.”
Dickson said a big part of the program is to help the young people achieve meaningful, career-related employment that leads to economic self-sufficiency.
“They want it to be something students can grow with career-wise,” said Dickson. “You can go to a fast-food place, but is that something you want to do for the rest of your life? So we try to get the students into careers that are driven by the business industry.”
To qualify for the program, a young adult has to meet certain guidelines.
“Basically, they have to have some sort of barrier,” said Dickson. “That barrier could be they don't have transportation, they have asthma or they are in foster care. Maybe they have a hearing difficulty. You have to have a barrier. If they have taken the ACT multiple times but can't advance or meet the minimum requirements of a university, we can take them on that. So, it's really open on the barriers.”
Once someone is in the program, the employees will help with a variety of things, including filling out a Free Application for Federal Student Aid, getting into school and helping out with some things financially.
“They may call and say, ‘my tires are bald,' and we help them with this kind of support services,” said Dickson. “There are a lot of things we can do in our program, but we can't pay speeding tickets or fines or any kind of criminal activity.”
Dickson and her team have worked with thousands of students over the years, including Brooke Coleman, a former Tennessee College of Applied Technology student and work-based learning student who currently works as a supervisor at System Integrations in Lebanon.
“They helped me get into Tennessee College of Applied Technology, they took care of my books,” said Coleman. “They were kind of like the family I needed through the whole thing. I ended up leaving, and I really needed a job, and they actually didn't give up on me. They got me into a work experience program, which was kind of like an internship, but they were paying me to go to work at System Integrations for three to four months, which I got hired on there from it. So, they helped me find that opportunity to find where I'm working at today.”
For people considering the program, Coleman said it provided some needed guidance for her following high school.
“They guided me through it to where I wasn't alone and just trying to figure it out on my own, and, you know, they just helped me get to where I needed to go pretty quickly, so I could be on my feet and take care of myself without anybody helping me,” said Coleman.
Dickson said the workers with the program develop a personal relationship with everyone in the program. She still keeps in touch with a lot of the previous participants in the program.
“We really do care about what they do, where they go, their families, their kids,” said Dickson. “I mean, we're in some of their weddings. We're doing a wedding for one of ours in September who said, ‘will you come and help us?' So, we're helping her in her wedding. One of our case managers is actually the matron of honor in her wedding.”
For more information about the program, contact the YouthLinks staff at 615-444-3282.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
(Arkansas Department of Correction, via AP, File). FILE - This 2013 file photo provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows Don William Davis, who has been scheduled for execution Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
(Stephen B. Thornton/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). People gather at a rally opposing the state's upcoming executions, on the front steps of Arkansas' Capitol, Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark.
(Sherry Simon via AP). This photo provided by Sherry Simon shows Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen taking part of an anti-death penalty demonstration outside the Governor's Mansion Friday, April 14, 2017 in Little Rock, Ark.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
By KELLY P. KISSEL and SEAN MURPHYAssociated Press
VARNER, Ark. (AP) - The Arkansas Supreme Court halted the executions of two men originally scheduled to be put to death Monday night, putting another legal roadblock in place in the state's plan to conduct eight lethal injections before its supply of a key drug expires at the end of April.
Justices in a 4-3 decision granted stays Monday afternoon for Don Davis and Bruce Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments on April 24.
Three Arkansas justices dissented, with Associate Justice Shawn Womack writing that Ward and Davis "had their day in court, the jury spoke, and decades of appeals have occurred. The families are entitled to closure and finality of the law."
The inmates' attorneys argued that their clients were denied access to independent mental health experts, saying Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
This is just the latest setback in the state's plan. A federal judge has halted all of the planned executions on different grounds, and the state has appealed that ruling to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which hadn't weighed in as of mid-afternoon.
The state was still moving forward with plans to conduct the Monday night executions in the event that all stays were lifted. A spokesman for Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge had no immediate comment on the latest stays, saying the office was still reviewing the court's order.
Meanwhile, the Arkansas Supreme Court also barred a state judge who blocked the multiple execution plan from taking up any death penalty related cases after he participated in a protest where he appeared to mimic a death row inmate about to receive a lethal injection. Justices reassigned any death penalty cases from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen, who banned the state from using a lethal injection drug a supplier said was misleadingly obtained. After issuing the order, Griffen participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration where he was strapped to a cot. The high court asked a disciplinary panel to consider whether Griffen violated the code of conduct for judges.
Arkansas set up a schedule to execute eight prisoners before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month. If court proceedings are pushed into May, it won't be able to carry out the executions with the drugs it has on hand.
At a federal court hearing last week, prison officials testified they must conduct the executions with their current batch of midazolam, a sedative that is intended to mask the effects of drugs that will shut down the inmates' lungs and hearts. The inmates say midazolam is unsuitable because it is not a painkiller and could subject them to a cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the U.S. Constitution.
___
Associated Press writers Jill Bleed and Andrew DeMillo contributed to this report from Little Rock.
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Kelly P. Kissel on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kisselAP . Go to http://bigstory.ap.org/author/kelly-p-kissel to see Kissel's work.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Have your say
Firefighters are tackling a huge blaze at Colsterworth where 200 tonnes of compost are well alight.
Fire crews from Grantham, Corby Glen and Bourne have attended the blaze at Honey Pot Lane. People living nearby are being advised to keep doors and windows closed.
A spokesman for Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue Service said: “Crews are currently using one hose reel to extinguish the fire, being assisted with heavy machinery to move the compost.”
UPDATE (8/14/17 at 11 a.m.):
A man in his 40s was killed when a tree fell through his windshield on West Pike Street Sunday morning, according to Clarksburg Police.
The man was transported to United Hospital Center and was later pronounced dead.
There was no one else in the vehicle at the time of the accident, police said.
The accident occurred across the bridge from the Clarksburg Radiator Shop near the old J&L Car Wash on West Pike Street.
Police have not released the man's name at this time.
UPDATE (8/14/17 at 3:30 a.m.):
According to 911 officials, one person has died after a vehicle accident on West Pike Street early Sunday morning.
Officials have not released the victim's name at this time.
ORIGINAL:
A vehicle accident occurred on West Pike Street Sunday around 8 a.m.
The accident resulted in a tree falling on West Pike Street, which prompted officials to temporarily close the road.
The Clarksburg Police Department and the Clarksburg Fire Department, along with DOH crews, worked to clean up debris, direct traffic and work to remove the tree hours after the accident.
Stay with 12 News for updates on this developing story.
The Victoria series two finale ends with (EPIC SPOILER ALERT) the tragic death of Edward Drummond, Prime Minister Robert Peel's sidekick. Having watched him exchange coy smiles and pointed innuendos with Lord Alfred Paget for the entire series, viewers were thrilled to see the pair finally give in to temptation and share a passionate kiss in last week's episode. But their moment of happiness was short-lived.
Advertisement
“I think it's going to be quite heartbreaking, especially because people seem to have been so excited and so moved by Drummond and Alfred's kiss last week,” Leo Suter, who plays Drummond, tells RadioTimes.com. “I think to have it snatched away from them will break some hearts.”
Who was Edward Drummond?
Edward Drummond was a British civil servant who served as Private Secretary to four Prime Ministers, including Robert Peel. He took on this important job in 1827 and remained in the post until his death 16 years later at the age of 51.
Did Drummond really get shot?
Yes – but in real life things went quite differently.
In ITV's Victoria we see Drummond heroically stopping a bullet that was destined for the Prime Minister Robert Peel, dying instantly. The killer is furious about the repeal of the Corn Laws in 1846 and wants to get his revenge.
But while the bare bones of the story are the same, Drummond actually died three years earlier – well before the repeal of the Corn Laws.
On 20th January 1843, Drummond stepped out of Peel's house in Whitehall Gardens around 4pm and set off towards his own home in Downing Street. A man called Daniel M'Naghten, possibly mistaking him for the Prime Minister, shot him in the back.
Drummond did NOT die instantly: in fact, he hung around for five more days. The bullet passed through his chest and diaphragm and lodged in his abdomen and he was able to walk away from the incident. It is thought that the doctors who removed the bullet later that day may have botched his medical treatment.
But when it comes to ITV's Victoria, the moment of death is much more dramatic.
“There's a suddenness to it which makes it quite shocking and all the more heartbreaking,” Suter says. “That bit afterwards when you see Alfred alone at dinner touching the petal – it's really moving. So I think it's important that he goes so quickly. It's more heartbreaking. It's more heart wrenching.”
The assassination itself was filmed in one take, with explosives and a kevlar suit and packs of fake blood packed into Drummond's waistcoat.
“It was exciting and there was a tension just through the fact that we had to get it done that day,” Suter tells us. “It is quite fun, it is quite am dram. Lots of blood spurting everywhere and people wailing and guns going off. It's dramatic.”
He adds: “We had one crack of the whip. But I think we pulled it off.”
M'Naghten was tried for murder, but found not guilty by reason of insanity and sent to the asylum at Bethlem Hospital (“Bedlam”). He seems to have been suffering from paranoid delusions about the Tory party, and it was never clear whether the bullet was intended for Peel or not. Aside from the statement that “the Tories in my native city have compelled me to do this. They follow, persecute me wherever I go,” M'Naghten never again discussed his crime.
Was Drummond really gay? And did he have a relationship with Lord Alfred Paget?
Given how secretive Victorians had to be about homosexuality, there's no way to be 100% sure about Edward Drummond's sexual orientation – but there's no evidence that he was attracted to men or had any same-sex relationships.
And what about his on-screen relationship with Lord Alfred Paget, played by Jordan Waller in Victoria?
This is even more unlikely. The real Lord Alfred was a British soldier, courtier and Liberal politician who was a couple of decades younger than Drummond. In fact, he only became Chief Equerry to the Queen in 1846 – three years after Drummond's assassination. The following year he married a wealthy heiress and had 14 children.
But even if the real-life Drummond was actually straight, there is a certain truth to the storyline, Suter tells us.
“The point that's important to make is that – if they were gay – we would never know,” he explains. “And of course there were gay people in that era, we just have much less record of that being the case and any evidence for it is highly coded and withheld.
Advertisement
“So there is a truth in it even if, for these particular characters, it's an extrapolation.”
Be prepared to sacrifice your summer – the smash hit ITV2 reality show is back
Love Island well and truly took over our summers last year, and it's now back to do the same again in 2018.
Advertisement
Here's everything we know about series four of the smash-hit ITV2 reality show:
What time is Love Island on TV on Wednesday 4th July?
Love Island continues on Wednesday 4th July on ITV2. The dating show is back in its regular slot of 9pm after it was postponed until 10pm last night owing to the England World Cup match overrunning.
You can also watch a live stream for free on ITV Hub, where the episode will be available on catch up immediately after the show airs.
Who are the Love Island cast for 2018?
The boys and girls heading into the villa have been CONFIRMED and include a doctor, Danny Dyer's daughter and a boyband star. There are currently 20 islanders in the villa (no wonder it's a tight squeeze in there…)
See a full list of current islanders below – you can click on each one for a full bio:
Laura Anderson
Dani Dyer
Ellie Brown
Sam Bird
Samira Mighty
Adam Collard
Jack Fincham
Dr Alex George
Wes Nelson
Georgia Steel
Megan Barton Hanson
Josh Denzel
Charlie Brake
Darylle Sargeant
Frankie Foster
Grace Wardle
Ellie Jones
Jack Fowler
Alex Miller
Kazimir Crossley
The islanders who have been dumped so far are: Kendall Rae-Knight, Hayley Hughes, Charlie Frederick, Rosie Williams, Eyal Booker, Zara McDermott, Dean Overson, Charlie Williams, Savanna Darnell and Jordan Adefeyisan.
See the full cast and all the latest names and rumours here
Meanwhile, on day 9, Niall Aslam had to leave the villa owing to “personal reasons”. Read more about his departure here.
There will, of course, be new faces added in as the series progresses – including the possibility of a 2017 islander.
Dani Dyer & Jack Fincham
Adam Collard & Darylle Sargeant
Samira Mighty & Frankie Foster
Alex George & Grace Wardle
Ellie Brown & Charlie Brake
Sam Bird & Ellie Jones
Laura Anderson & Jack Fowler
Megan Barton Hanson & Alex Miller
Josh Denzel & Kazimir Crossley
And who is currently single? Wes Nelson and Georgia Steel aren't currently coupled up, and are the villa's only singletons.
What does the villa look like?
Brand-new pictures of the Love Island villa have been released. Click here to see the full tour from inside, including what's new for 2018…
Is there a trailer for Love Island series 4?
There is. And it includes all the lingo – and is pretty flipping funny. Check it out here:
How long is Love Island on for?
RadioTimes.com understands that this series of Love Island will be the show's longest ever. Series one and two ran for a total of six weeks, and series three was extended to seven weeks. However, if rumours are to be believed, this series will be on ITV2 for a total of eight weeks – making it the longest ever series of Love Island!
Where is the Love Island villa?
It looks as though the islanders will again be enjoying the delights of the same villa we saw on screen last year. It's probably going to have a bit of a refurbish, but the bricks, mortar and villa layout are probably going to remain largely the same.
Click here to find out more about where Love Island is filmed.
Last year, seeing the islanders constantly lighting up caused more than a few complaints. So now, ITV have confirmed that this year, the only smoking we'll see on Love Island will be the sizzling chemistry between the islanders.
An ITV spokesperson said: “There will be no smoking within the Love Island villa or the villa garden this year.” Read more about how it will work here.
Who's still together from last year's Love Island?
Gabby and Marcel recently parted ways (noo!), and they're not the only ones to suffer a split since returning from the villa.
Here's the latest relationship status of the Love Island couples from 2017.
What channel is Love Island on?
Despite Love Island sometimes outperforming ITV in the 9pm slot, the show will be remaining on ITV2 and won't be switching to the main channel when it comes back in 2018.
Who's presenting Love Island?
Caroline Flack is returning as presenter of the ITV2 dating show, while Iain Stirling will again be back to narrate all the action.
How do I apply for Love Island 2018?
Applications are still open, and here's everything you need to know about applying for this series. So get grafting and you could be in the actual villa this summer. Producers have already seen over 1,000 hopefuls – but they've offered us some tips on what they're looking for.
Kind of. While they'll no doubt become famous in the coming weeks, Love Island's stars have to put their careers on hold or leave their jobs altogether for their stints in the villa. So show bosses do pay them a wage for taking part – reports have it at £200 a week, although this is unconfirmed.
What else is new for Love Island this year?
Love Island is SO huge, it's now launching its own podcast! Presented by former islander Kem Cetinay and TV presenter Arielle Free, The Morning After will be dropping six days a week and is set to feature “exclusive guests, superfans and interviews with the latest dumped islanders.”
Read more about the new podcast here.
Is Love Island: Aftersun back too?
It certainly is. The ITV2 spin-off was so popular that it's again returning this summer, with Caroline Flack hosting the Sunday night show live from Elstree. She's already excited about getting Danny Dyer on the show.
Here's everything we know so far about Aftersun – plus how you can apply for audience tickets!
Is there a Love Island live stream?
Nope. While there are plenty of ways to get your Love Island fill, show bosses have decided against a Big Brother-style live feed… for now. Read more about their reasoning here.
Advertisement
Love Island airs every day at 9pm on ITV2
Detectives have released the last of three men arrested in connection with a stabbing in Leeds city centre.
The 24-year-old man and two 21-year-olds had been arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent.
Police work at the scene of the stabbing in Albion Street, Leeds. Picture: Bruce Rollinson
Read more: Leeds city centre stabbing said to have involved ‘group of males'
It followed an assault in Albion Street which resulted in a 23-year-old man being stabbed at around 4am on Bank Holiday Monday.
The victim was taken to hospital with serious but not life-threatening injuries, West Yorkshire Police said.
Part of Albion Street, close to the junction with Boar Lane, was cordoned off for much of Monday as forensic teams gathered evidence at the scene.
Also in crime: Harrogate man admits causing death by dangerous driving over death of 18-year-old Leeds student on A660
A second police cordon was in place on a pedestrianised area just off Boar Lane, between Holy Trinity Church and Burger King.
Police said on Tuesday that the two 21-year-olds had been released under investigation.
In a further update issued yesterday, a spokeswoman said the 24-year-old had also been released under investigation as enquiries continued.
Also in crime: Inside the ‘evil' Leeds drug factory where gang started international trade
Any witnesses are asked to call Leeds CID on 101, quoting crime reference 13180256788.
“We recommend that everyone get the flu shot to prevent the flu,” said flu expert Dr. Daniel Jernigan of the Centers for Disease control and Prevention.
“Your best shot is the flu shot,” CDC says on its website.
“There's still going to be several weeks of influenza and if you're unvaccinated, we strongly recommend that you do get vaccinated,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, who directs the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
Flu vaccines John Brecher / msnbc.com
Public health officials have been struggling for decades to persuade Americans to get flu vaccines. It's a hard sell. Americans in general do not like getting shots, the vaccines on the market provide only mediocre protection, and many Americans still incorrectly believe flu shots can give them the flu.
Every year, the CDC says everyone 6 months old and older should get a flu vaccine — but every year, not even half of people do.
Related: Inside the multi-billion dollar effort to fight flu
In 2007, about 132 million doses were distributed. In 2017, more than 160 million doses were. Yet every year, many doses of vaccine go unused and get sent back to the makers.
In 2010, for instance, 162 million doses were produced but only 90 million people got vaccinated.
“We always have some return doses,” said Dr. Leonard Friedland, vice president for scientific affairs at GlaxoSmithKline Vaccines.
"Millions of doses have been discarded by manufacturers, including Sanofi Pasteur, every year since the pandemic in 2009," vaccine maker Sanofi Pasteur said in a statement.
"Health care providers annually return millions of doses they've purchased from manufacturers each year."
High demand for flu shots
This year may be different. While there is still a supply of vaccine across the country, the headlines about the epidemic mean more people are asking for vaccines.
“This year, demand has been extremely high,” Friedland said. “It has exceeded previous years and this is, of course, because it has been in the news.”
Flu comes every year, and every few seasons there is a bad one. Flu kills between 12,000 to 56,000 Americans every year, depending on how rough the season is, and it puts 140,000 to 710,000 people into the hospital.
"If we had a vaccine that was a very potent universal flu vaccine we probably wouldn't be talking about influenza right now." "If we had a vaccine that was a very potent universal flu vaccine we probably wouldn't be talking about influenza right now."
This year is shaping up to be on the severe end, and public health experts are taking advantage of the renewed interest.
“I would bet that there is going to be a better uptake this year, based on the news,” said John Shiver, senior vice president for global research and development at Sanofi Pasteur.
“Now all of a sudden everyone is, understandably, getting a bit exercised about how we are in the middle of flu season. They are starting to pay attention to the pediatric deaths that are associated with a bad season,” Fauci said.
Related: Flu shots build immunity
That focuses interest on vaccines.
“When we get a season like this, it highlights the importance,” Friedland said.
“There seems to be a resurgence of interest in developing a universal flu vaccine because we are paying a lot of attention to what happens when you don't have a good flu vaccine,” Fauci said.
A universal flu vaccine would protect people against multiple strains of flu, including mutant new strains, and would last for longer than a single flu season.
“We are having a very serious season and if we had a vaccine that was a very potent universal flu vaccine we probably wouldn't be talking about influenza right now,” Fauci added.
“Yet everyone is talking about influenza.”
Flu virus mutates constantly
Flu vaccines never provide 100 percent protection. Flu viruses mutate almost constantly, and several strains are circulating at any given time. The process used to make flu vaccines is clunky and old and the production process itself can mutate the virus that is the basis of the vaccine.
Related: Here's one reason flu vaccines are so lousy
That hurts demand.
“People are often more reluctant to take a vaccine if they hear it doesn't work well,” Shiver said.
Vaccine efficacy data for this season is not yet out, but CDC estimates the vaccines on the U.S. market right now only provide about 30 percent protection against the dominant strain, called H3N2. They are likely to work better against the other three common strains, and even 30 percent protection can translate to fewer deaths and hospitalizations, CDC says.
“Even in years when the vaccine is less effective against infections, it still quite effective in limiting severe disease and death,” Shiver said.
Fauci has seen many a flu season and he's not kidding himself that interest in flu vaccines will last long.
“When the season ends in March or April and people start forgetting about influenza, I am going to still be intensively interested in developing a universal influenza vaccine,” he said.
NIAID, one of the National Institutes of Health, both conducts and pays for research into better flu vaccines. NIH often gets the basic research done and then licenses the most promising approaches for new vaccines and treatments to companies for commercial development.
Related: Caterpillar-grown vaccine protects better
“Not everyone is going to jump on the wagon when you haven't solved the scientific issues. That's why you need government investment in this and that is the reason why NIAID is involved in it,” Fauci said.
A universal vaccine would mean people would have to be vaccinated less often, and a truly universal vaccine would protect people against pandemics of new influenza viruses, which break out regularly. It's the 100th anniversary of the 1918 pandemic that killed between 50 million and 100 million people, and there were flu pandemics in 1957, 1968 and 2009.
And no one has cracked the problem of vaccinating people against a mutation-prone virus like flu.
Until that happens, the experts say, the U.S. is stuck with older vaccines and limited production.
Alan Shearer was given negligent financial advice, the High Court in London has been told.
The 46-year-old former England and Newcastle star, now a Match of the Day pundit, is suing for £9m in damages.
He claims financial advisor Kevin Neal was “careless” and “dishonest”, while pension specialist Suffolk Life had breached its regulatory duties.
Both Suffolk Life and Mr Neal dispute the claims, with Mr Neal describing them as driven by “pure greed and ego”.
Mr Shearer is also suing two defunct companies – Kevin Neal Associates and Kevin Neal Associates Wealth Management.
‘Serious money'
The barrister leading Mr Shearer's legal team, Gerard McMeel, said the claims centred on pension investments.
In a written case outline, he said his client had “limited knowledge or experience” of making investments and he and his wife Lainya relied on professional advisers and “those with responsibility to look after their interests”.
Javan Herberg, representing Suffolk Life, said Mr Shearer and his advisers were responsible for their investment decisions.
He said Mr Shearer's claims that Mr Neal had “effectively swindled” the couple required some investigation.
Mr Neal, who is defending himself, said the Shearers had made “serious money” out of one investment fund.
‘Gung-ho'
He said it was for the judge, Mr Justice Leggatt, to decide whether the Shearers were “naive” or “sophisticated” investors.
Mr Neal said the Shearers had “pushed” him to put more money into one fund, and he had not been “gung-ho”, but had “acted in good faith at all times”.
He added: “This claim is just driven by pure greed and ego.”
In his 18-year playing career Shearer made more than 600 appearances for clubs including Newcastle, Southampton and Blackburn, and won more than 60 England caps.
The trial continues. BBC News
ORLANDO, Fla. — Rob Gray scored 20 points, Devin Davis had key points late and Houston held off UCF 69-65 on Saturday.
Davis split two UCF defenders and laid the ball in just before the shot clock ran out for a 65-61 lead with a minute to go and added two free throws with 34 seconds remaining for a six-point lead.
Grey was 7-of-15 shooting with five assists. Corey Davis Jr. had three 3-pointers and 15 points while Breaon Brady grabbed nine rebounds.
The Cougars (17-5, 7-3 American) led the whole way and were up 10 with 15:21 remaining before the Knights (14-8, 5-5) got within two, the final time at 63-61 on B.J. Taylor's bucket with 2:13 left.
A.J. Davis had 13 points and 10 rebounds with Taylor adding 15 points and Ceasar DeJesus and Davon Griffin 10 points each for UCF.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. — A federal judge has overturned a jury decision that found a former president of Bolivia and his defence minister responsible for government killings during 2003 unrest.
U.S. Senior District Judge James Cohn upheld a defence motion Wednesday that there was insufficient evidence to support an April verdict that included $10 million in damages in a lawsuit filed by Bolivians whose family members were among the dead.
The jury verdict had followed a nearly three-week trial of the civil suit in federal court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Jurors found against former Bolivian President Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada and his former defence minister, Jose Carlos Sanchez Berzain. Both live in the U.S.
The lawsuit was filed under the Torture Victim Protection Act, which authorizes suits in the U.S. for extrajudicial killings.
NEW YORK (AP) J.T. Miller and the New York Rangers don't want to hear about how their struggles on home ice. They're only focusing on playing better in Game 4 to try to even their first-round series against the Montreal Canadiens.
With their 3-1 loss in Game 3, the Rangers have now dropped six straight at home in the playoffs, dating to the 2015 Eastern Conference finals. New York, which had the league's best road record this season, finished with just 21 wins at home – the fewest among all the playoff teams.
The Rangers also lost eight straight (0-5-3) at Madison Square Garden down the stretch before winning the final two home games of the regular season.
”We don't really have time to get caught up in our past record at home,” Miller said Monday after the Rangers practiced in preparation for Tuesday night's Game 4. ”All we can focus on is a good start tomorrow.”
New York coach Alain Vigneault also stressed he isn't thinking about the previous postseason struggles at home, including three losses to Tampa Bay in the East finals two years ago, and two to Pittsburgh in the first round last year.
”In 2017 in the playoffs we've had one loss (at home),” Vigneault said. ”Different group, different year. Obviously we didn't pick a good time yesterday to have a very ordinary game, but tomorrow we've got an opportunity to make this series 2-2.”
The Rangers were on the verge of taking a 2-0 series lead Friday night before Tomas Plekanec tied it with 18 seconds left and Alexander Radulov won it midway through overtime. Now, after struggling to generate many chances in Game 3, the Rangers need a win Tuesday to avoid going back to Montreal in a 3-1 hole.
A year ago, New York trailed Pittsburgh 2-1 going into Game 4 at home and was shut out 5-0 before the Penguins closed the series in five games en route to winning the Stanley Cup.
”We're down 2-1 and they have to win two more games,” center Derek Stepan said. ”We're looking at it as we have to be better, no doubt about it, in all areas of the game. … This thing's far from over.”
Montreal captain Max Pacioretty expects the Rangers to play with more intensity Tuesday night and believes his team will be ready for that.
”We know their biggest adjustment will be their compete level,” he said. ”We know that they're going to come out and play their best game of the series. That's just the way it goes in the playoffs. It's up to us to try to limit that and also try to stick to our game plan.”
So far, that strategy has prevented the Rangers from using the up-tempo style they're best at, with the Canadiens clamping down defensively and forcing New York to dump and chase. The Rangers managed just 21 shots on goal in Game 3 and had 21 giveaways, including 10 in the first period.
”It was execution,” right wing Rick Nash said of the turnovers. ”You got to make your passes – can't be at guys' feet, can't be behind guys. It's gotta be on the tape in order not to turn the puck over.”
Nash also pointed to the poor forechecking as a problem, saying ”there's too many one-man, two-man forechecking. You need all five guys to get the puck back.”
When that didn't happen after a dump in, the Canadiens were able to quickly get the puck and move it back the other way. The Rangers also struggled on special teams, giving up two power-play goals and failing to score on their three chances to fall to 0 for 10 in the series.
While Vigneault acknowledged he needs to make some tweaks, he doesn't envision major changes to the focus on speed and transition that made his team successful this season.
”We've been playing a certain style this season that's permitted us to get into the playoffs,” he said. ”We've shown in this series in moments we play that way we're a hard team to play against.
”You make minor adjustments as far as making a read or a puck decision that could help your game, but as far as the overall way of (changing) how we've played or how we've had success, obviously that's not going to happen.”
Vigneault played defenseman Kevin Klein in place of Nick Holden in Game 3, and said he's contemplating more changes for Game 4.
—
Follow Vin Cherwoo at www.twitter.com/VinCherwooAP
—
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Atletico Madrid rolled to a 3-0 rout against Osasuna in La Liga on Saturday, as Leicester City saw a two-goal lead evaporate in a 2-2 EPL draw against Crystal Palace.
In the first leg between Atletico and Leicester, scoring was at a premium. The lone goal in the 1-0 win came from a penalty scored by Atletico ace Antoine Griezmann. With a 100 percent home record in the competition, Leicester will need to keep that streak going if they're to reach the semifinals.
Direct streaming link: Leicester City vs. Atletico Madrid
Copyright The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
SKOPJE, Macedonia — A Macedonian court has overturned the more than decade-old terrorism convictions of 10 ethnic Albanian men, many of whom served long prison terms over a mine attack on a NATO vehicle.
The Skopje criminal ruled that there was no evidence linking the men to the 2003 blast in northern Macedonia that killed two Polish soldiers and their Macedonian translator.
Earlier Monday, special prosecutor Katica Janeva had called for them to be cleared.
Four of the men evaded arrest and were convicted in absentia, but the others served between 3.5 and seven years in prison. Their lawyers said the men would now seek compensation.
NATO troops were deployed during ethnic conflict between government forces and ethnic Albanian rebels in 2001. Some stayed on to monitor implementation of the peace deal.
Everyone likes apps, but sometimes the best ones are a bit expensive. Now and then, developers make paid apps free for a limited time, but you have to snatch them up while you have the chance. Here are the latest and greatest apps on sale in the iOS App Store.
These apps normally cost money and this sale lasts for a limited time only. If you go to the App Store and it says the app costs money, that means the deal has expired and you will be charged.
More: 200 Awesome iPhone Apps | The best Android apps for almost any occasion
It is especially noteworthy, she added, that "Spectrosynthesis" is taking place in Taiwan, which in 2017 became the first Asian government to legalize same-sex marriage.
“Looking back on the history of the LGBTQ movement in Taiwan — since the pioneer of Taiwanese LGBTQ movement, Chi Chia-Wei, came out publicly (in 1986) and spoke up for Taiwanese LGBTQ community —Taiwan has witnessed the lifting of martial law, the shock of the first AIDS patient, the first gay and lesbian publication, the first LGBTQ radio show, the first LGBTQ bookstore, the first Taiwan LGBT Pride, the making of anti-discrimination laws, the first same-sex marriage of an openly gay couple, the first LGBT Civil Rights Movement organized by Taipei City Government and the establishment of the first national LGBTQ organization,” Chan said.
Patrick Sun, founder of Sunpride Foundation
“Throughout the past three decades, this path to equality and human rights is paved with the youth, sweat and blood of countless pioneers and predecessors as they have fought, resisted, communicated with conservative mainstream values and pushed for legislation," she added.
Patrick Sun, founder of the Sunpride Foundation, said he feels a great sense of achievement for having put together such a groundbreaking show.
“In the Western world it would be very common place to have a gay-themed show,” he said. “But in Asia, this is the first time a large-scale show of this theme has been presented in a government-run institution. It's very important to show how forward-thinking the Taiwan government is.”
Artwork by Ho Tam on display at the "Spectrosynthesis ─ Asian LGBTQ Issues and Art Now" exhibit at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei (MOCA). Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei (
Ho Tam, one of the 22 artists featured in the exhibition, created a series of periodicals called "Hotam," which examines different issues of daily life, pop culture, media and politics. He said he uses his work to give voice to the voiceless and neglected. "Hotam," he explained, is about creating his own media against the mainstream and finding an alternative way to express ideas.
“Putting something very private out to the public realm, I am interested in exploring the possibilities (of) how a personal voice and stories could make any effects to the large audience,” he added.
Since the start of the show, Sun has returned to witness and observe the visitors to the exhibition. He said he is especially touched by the mothers bringing in their young children and explaining parts of the show that they might not understand.
"Rainbow in the Darkness" by Chuang Chih-Wei on display at the "Spectrosynthesis ─ Asian LGBTQ Issues and Art Now" exhibit at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei (MOCA). Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei
“That to me is what represents the spirit of the show,” he said. “We're trying to open dialogue with the public, and I think it has achieved that purpose to a certain extent.”
For the LGBTQ community, Sun said he hopes the exhibition will help them feel more proud and confident in themselves and not feel so isolated. And he hopes the exhibition helps the general public have a better understanding and acceptance of the gay community.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
MINNEAPOLIS — Danny Salazar finished six innings strong after a shaky start, Michael Brantley homered and drove in two runs and the Cleveland Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 3-1 on Monday night.
Salazar (1-1) struck out seven and retired 15 of his last 18 batters after allowing five hits and one walk over a seven-batter stretch spanning the first two innings. Brantley's groundout tied it in the third, and Edwin Encarnacion's single gave the reigning AL champions the lead on their way to only their third win in 10 games.
Then Brantley took Kyle Gibson (0-2) deep in the fifth inning, raising his career average in 13 at-bats against the Twins right-hander to .385 with four RBIs.
Cody Allen loaded the bases in the ninth, but he completed his third save by getting Joe Mauer to fly out to center field.
Twelve games into the season, the Twins entered with the lowest team ERA (2.46) in the majors, and the Indians brought the highest (5.35).
Salazar had the bases loaded in the first inning and escaped with a groundout. Then Eddie Rosario's RBI single with none out in the second gave the Twins an early lead and put runners at second and third, but Salazar slithered out of the situation with two strikeouts and an infield popup.
Predictably for the Twins and their missed opportunities, the right-hander went on a roll from there. Salazar struck out the side in the sixth, despite a one-out walk. He sent Rosario back empty after missing an 87 mph breaking ball that zipped out of the strike zone to finish the frame.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cleveland: In the best-case scenario according to manager Terry Francona, 2B Jason Kipnis (sore right shoulder) would rejoin the team for his season debut on Friday in Chicago to face the White Sox. The two-time All-Star's rehab assignment was interrupted last week when he was hit on the left hand with a pitch.
Minnesota: CF Byron Buxton, off to an abysmal 4-for-43 start with a majors-most 23 strikeouts, was on the bench for just the second game. Max Kepler played CF, with Robbie Grossman in RF. Manager Paul Molitor said he thought Buxton made mild progress at the plate over the weekend.
UP NEXT
Cleveland: RHP Josh Tomlin (0-2, 18.47 ERA) will make his third start after two ugly turns. He allowed 18 of 36 batters to reach base.
Minnesota: RHP Phil Hughes (2-0, 3.86 ERA) will take the mound for the third time this year, seeking his first 3-0 start since going 5-0 in six turns in 2010.
TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters he hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “maybe when she stands trial” and went on to describe her as a “sitting premier, sitting in trial.”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne's lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying he would “ignore her baseless legal threat.” His lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne's legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown's statements harmed Wynne's reputation, they wrote.
“The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff's reputation,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“The defendant's egregious misconduct in publishing statements that he knew to be false, his ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and his high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff's complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant.”
Wynne's spokeswoman said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier's ability to continue with the legal case.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for his defamatory remarks,” Jenn Beaudry wrote. “It should be that simple. However, if he continues to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence.
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial. He apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne's lawyers.
“Mr. Walker's apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by (Brown) and his staff,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“As a result, the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false, and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology.”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted.
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader, Tim Hudak, and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said she oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants. Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge's decision.
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015, though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn.
Why it matters to you With its VR and AR pilot projects, NASA is set to make its space science and engineering programs even more immersive.
Believer it or not, NASA astronauts have already visited Mars — in virtual reality. And they have been training in VR for years. Now the agency is exploring new ways to apply virtual and augmented realities (VR and AR) for scientists and engineers, from designing next-gen spacecraft to interpreting cosmic data.
“Anyone who followed the popularity of Pokémon Go has seen how the public has embraced this technology,” Thomas Grubb, a NASA engineer, said in a statement. “Just as it's changing the gaming industry, it will change the way we do our jobs. Five years from now, it's going to be amazing.”
Grubb and his team are developing six pilot projects to study the potential of these technologies for near- and long-term applications for scientists, technicians, and engineers.
Last year was called the year VR goes from virtual to reality. The thing is, VR has been around for years. And although it became more prominent in 2016, VR seemed overshadowed by news about other emerging tech, like hobby drones, artificial intelligence, and 3D printing.
NASA
“For several years, commercial VR and AR technology has been showing promise, but without real tangible results,” said Ted Swanson, a senior technologist at NASA. “However, recently there have been substantial developments in VR/AR hardware and software that may allow us to use this technology for scientific and engineering applications.”
Among the AR pilot projects, the team will test an app designed for technicians controlling robotic arms, like the one found on the International Space Station. The augmented app provides users with a camera view and telemetry data in a single interface. In another app, users get a 3D simulation of Goddard Space Flight Center's thermal-vacuum chamber, so engineers can review whether spacecraft parts fit in the facility before undergoing testing.
On the VR side, Grubb and his team are creating an app that allows users to design and construct spacecraft using off-the-shelf components and virtual tools. With these systems, workers from various locations can work together on a single project.
“The collaborative capability is a major feature in VR,” Grubb said. “Even though they may work at locations hundreds of miles apart, engineers could work together to build and evaluate designs in real-time due to the shared virtual environment. Problems could be found earlier, which would save NASA time and money.”
The teams will also be experimenting with VR and AR for interpreting scientific data. These will include a 3D simulation of terrestrial lava flows, a visualization of CubeSats orbiting and studying the Sun, and a simulation of Earth's magnetosphere.
The global population is rapidly rising. The rate is slowing, sure, but experts predict that two billion more people will inhabit the Earth by 2050. That's equivalent to adding another India and a half, which will put the total global population at around 9.7 billion people. That's a lot of mouths to feed and one huge task — especially considering our failure to do so at present.
Experts predict that two billion more people will inhabit the Earth by 2050.
If we're going to feed all these extra people we won't just need big ideas. We'll need a bunch of microscopic microbes as well.
That's the bet being made by a biotech startup called Indigo Agriculture whose plan is to pump plants with a bunch of beneficial microbes to make the crops grow faster, stronger, and more productively. It's a long shot, but it could give farmers access to crops that not only grow better in current climates but are better prepared for the impacts of climate change around the world.
Microbes, Microbes Everywhere
At any given moment, you're sitting in a sea of trillions of microbes that live on, in, and all around you. Though they're invisible to the naked eye, they're far from inert. A growing body of research is showing that microbes affect a wide range of factors, including our mood, our health, and even our ability to handle stress and fend off disease.
But our microbiome is in danger of being destabilized. Ever since we began swallowing antibiotics, the bacterial environment in our bodies has changed. Antibiotics work great for eliminating harmful bacteria but their indiscriminate nature means that they wipe out a lot of beneficial bacteria as well.
Indigo Agriculture
“Our microbes have evolved with us, enhancing our ability to maintain optimal health and fend off disease,” Lauren Moores, Vice President of Data Strategy and Data Sciences at Indigo, tells Digital Trends. “The mass adoption of antibiotics affected these beneficial microbes. So we've taken to consuming live and active cultures – probiotics – to repopulate our intestines with good bacteria.”
Much the same goes for plants. The widespread use of agricultural chemicals and fungicides have disrupted a nuanced plant microbiome that developed over millions of years. These chemicals kill disease causing bacteria, but they also eliminate specialized microbes that may help the plant better withstand stresses like drought, or grow more productively by trapping vital nutrients like nitrogen.
Indigo's founders figured that if the human microbiome has such a massive effect on human health, shouldn't a plant's microbiome also be key to its survival? And, if so, how do we identify which microbes are beneficial and for what purpose? And how do we restore these thriving communities of bacteria in our crops?
Microscopes on the Microbiome
Most studies conducted on microbial life have centered on the ones most closely associated with humans — like those found on our skin and in our gut. And though there has been a fair amount of research into microbes found on other animals, plant microbes (and the roles they play) have been relatively neglected until recently.
“Our microbes have evolved with us, enhancing our ability to maintain optimal health and fend off disease.”
“A lot of papers have come out in the last five years, kind of as a follow up to what we've learned from the microbiome in other [biological] systems,” Harsh Bais, a plant and soil scientists at the University of Delaware, says. “But the whole functional significance of the microbiome association in plants is still not fully out in terms of the detailed mechanisms of why a plant needs them,”
For decades, researchers have known that bacteria on plants and in the soil help “fix” nitrogen, allowing the plants to better access this key nutrient. But in 2015, Sharon Doty, a plant microbiologist at the University of Washington, showed that entire communities of beneficial bacteria exist within plants and allow species like poplar and willow trees to grow tall and strong in rocky and otherwise nutrient-poor conditions. In her study, Doty was even able to transfer these nitrogen-fixing microbes to another plant — rice, in this case — which let the crop grow taller, with a fuller root system.
Indigo Agriculture
“Just as the human microbiome is important for our health, so too the plant microbiome is necessary for plant health, but perhaps more so,” Doty wrote in her book, Functional Importance of the Plant Endophytic Microbiome. “Since plants cannot move, they face more challenges in acquiring sufficient nutrients from a given site, defending against herbivores and pathogens, and tolerating abiotic stresses including drought, salinity, and pollutants. The plant microbiome may help plants overcome these challenges.”
Building on this knowledge, the folks at Indigo have sequenced the genes of tens of thousands of plant-based microbes: the largest database of plant microbe that exists today. With this data, they use machine learning algorithms to predict the microbial strains that have the greatest impact on important crops like cotton, corn, rice, and wheat. The hope is that Indigo can restore — and even boost — the microbial environment to help these crops perform better out in the field.
“The real impact will come from combining this tool with other technologies we have that are rapidly evolving in the plant breeding space.”
“All in all, with machine learning, we can precisely identify microbes, map their functional capabilities, understand the communities they live in, and unite this information with laboratory and field data to rapidly develop and target new microbial products,” Moores said.
Ultimately, Indigo provide a microbial coating that's applied to seeds before they are planted in the ground. And while there are other companies looking into beneficial bacteria for plants, they're primarily focused on those found in the soil, while Indigo investigates those inside plants.
Indigo's approach shows huge potential for agriculture and its funding rounds have reeled in over $400 million as a result. But there are plenty of question marks behind the company's research. Indigo may be able to identify what microbes are present in plants, and they may even be able to pick out which ones are beneficial, but determining their role and the most effective combinations will prove challenging. It's one thing to know which bacteria are present, and another thing entirely to know what they do and why.
For his part, Bais remains cautious but intrigued. “There are a lot of open-ended and unanswered questions that we have no clue about” he says. Not that these questions can't be answered, but that it will take a lot of trial and error to do so. As Bais explains, scientists will have to “take a bug, take a plant, and see what the bacteria are doing to that plant. Then take the same bug and take multiple plants and see whether that can be translated to multiple plants.”
But as the science behind the plant microbiome progresses, Indigo has positioned itself to be a top contender, if not ahead of the game.
“The scientific community is still early in its study of the plant microbiome, particularly as compared to fields such as plant pathology and soil science,” Moores says. “That being said, our emerging understanding of the role that microbes play in humans has sparked a revolution in healthcare. We believe that we're on the forefront of a similar revolution in agriculture. There is a tremendous opportunity here.”
Why it matters to you Facebook and Instagram users could soon be seeing some new video effects, thanks to software the company just bought.
Could Facebook Camera be getting augmented reality video effects? As part of Facebook's continued focus on video, the company recently acquired a startup called Fayteq, which produces a software that leverages computer vision to add (or remove) objects inside of video.
The acquisition was originally reported by a German publication, and then picked up by Variety. Few details have been made public, such as sales numbers and what, exactly, the plans are for the newly acquired software, but Facebook has confirmed that the company has indeed acquired Fayteq.
While we can only speculate on exactly how the software will be put to use — or whether users will see the effects first inside Facebook or the Facebook-owned Instagram — taking a look at what Fayteq's software does offers some ideas. Fayteq is a small startup based in Germany. A notice on its website says that its products and services are no longer for sale.
Fayteq's software tracks objects in videos, which then allows video editors to add or remove objects from video. For example, since the software understands where the objects are in the footage, users can add objects that stay fixed to that location while the camera moves through the scene. The software was used as a plug-in for popular video-editing programs, including Adobe After Effects.
Some are speculating that the features could be used to add effects using Facebook Live, while another possibility lies in expanding the augmented reality options inside Facebook Camera, which currently allows for photos, GIFs and soon, live video. Fayteq's video mapping that recognizes where objects are in the frame even as the camera moves could help the platform expand augmented reality video effects. The same possibilities could also extend to options like Instagram Stories.
While Facebook isn't offering any details outside of confirming the acquisition, the move suggests that the company is continuing to expand both its video and augmented reality options. Facebook Camera launched in April, giving users access to augmented reality camera effects with a quick swipe from the left. At the same time, the company launched an AR platform for developers, expanding the potential tools beyond just what Facebook can dream up.
MANCHESTER, England — Players and coaches of Manchester United and Manchester City were involved in a melee near the dressing rooms after a Premier League match, sparking an investigation by the Football Association on Monday.
The FA was seeking observations from both clubs about the incident, which took place immediately after City's 2-1 win at Old Trafford on Sunday. The governing body could also request CCTV footage.
The match referee, Michael Oliver, didn't include the incident in his post-game report.
A person with knowledge of the situation said about 15 people were involved in a melee around the doorway to the visitors' dressing room, where loud music was playing, and that City assistant coach Mikel Arteta sustained a cut on his forehead. The person didn't see any punches thrown.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss dressing-room incidents.
The incident took place in the tunnel at Old Trafford, where police officers and stewards are located.
It revived memories of an incident that took place in the tunnel at Old Trafford in October 2004 following United's 2-0 win over Arsenal, a result that ended Arsenal's 49-match unbeaten run in the league.
Cesc Fabregas, who played for Arsenal at the time, recently admitted to throwing pizza at then-United manager Alex Ferguson in a fracas that was later dubbed the “Battle of the Buffet.”
There will be no footage of Sunday's incident in City's behind-the-scenes documentary being produced by Amazon Prime, which is charting the team's second season under coach Pep Guardiola and is scheduled to be broadcast next autumn.
United rejected City's request to allow cameras in the dressing room for the documentary.
——
Steve Douglas is at http://www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Even in surrender, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is going out fighting.
When he steps down Friday, the former Navy SEAL officer will be conceding political defeat amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign violations while still defiantly asserting that he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
He's even hinted at a possible political comeback, declaring during his resignation announcement Tuesday that "this is not the end of our fight." But political analysts say the man who had aspirations of becoming president could find a political revival challenging, especially in a #MeToo environment where he would be vulnerable to attack for allegedly taking a compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
Greitens' resignation comes just two weeks after a speech in which he recalled his grueling SEAL training and asserted he would never stop fighting. But his departure was days in the making, as Greitens wrestled with mounting legal bills and the emotional pressures of defending against possible impeachment and a criminal trial.
On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner dismissed a felony charge accusing Greitens of tampering with computer data for providing his political fundraiser with the donor list of a veterans' charity he founded. The dropped charge was the result of a deal proposed Saturday by Greitens' defense attorneys offering his resignation in exchange, said Gardner spokeswoman Susan Ryan.
The governor on Saturday also called Republican consultant Jeff Roe, who headed Greitens' aggressive public relations campaign, to inform Roe that he had decided to resign. Greitens' legal bills had grown to a couple of million dollars, and his campaign staffers also were facing legal bills because of subpoenas from a House investigation.
Though Greitens had believed he could beat both a criminal charge and impeachment, "he couldn't see the end without an immense financial and personal price to pay," Roe told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
Even though he's quitting amid scandal, some Greitens voters said they still like him. Retiree Wilma Nelson said she would be open to voting for Greitens again if he sought to re-enter politics.
"I can't fault him for giving up. So much money, so much stress, such strain on his young family. You can't deal with such hate," said Nelson, of Platte City.
Political science professor Jeremy Walling, of Southeast Missouri State University, said Greitens' pledge to keep fighting seemed to be "some face-saving."
Walling said several factors would make a political revival tougher for Greitens than for other scandal-plagued politicians. He said Greitens lacks deep support among Missouri's Republican power brokers, and his acknowledged extramarital affair included claims of sexual misconduct. The allegations also extended to political fundraising violations.
"I think a comeback is going to be kind of difficult for this guy," Walling said.
Gardner, the St. Louis prosecutor, said her decision to drop the data-tampering charge against Greitens was no indication that she believed he was innocent.
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," said Gardner, a Democrat.
Had the governor been convicted, Gardner said, it was unlikely that he would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge he faced and the fact that he would be a first-time offender.
Jim Martin, an attorney for Greitens, acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue.
A St. Louis judge approved the agreement, which has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Gardner and everyone in her office from civil liability.
Former Missouri Supreme Court Chief Justice Michael Wolff said the agreement between Greitens' attorneys and Gardner's office is highly unusual because it protects Gardner and her staff from being sued for their actions and because Greitens did not have to plead guilty to any lesser charge.
"Here's a guy who gets to get out of a felony charge just by agreeing to quit his job," Wolff said. "Most people don't get this deal."
Jean Paul Bradshaw II, a former U.S. attorney for western Missouri, said the agreement to drop the case represents a "fair resolution" because Greitens' resignation accomplished "the greatest public benefit" possible.
The governor also was indicted on an invasion-of-privacy charge in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking the photo of the woman who had been his hairdresser during their affair in 2015, before he was elected. That charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
Martin said he expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but he offered no details.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let him and his family heal," Martin said.
Though Greitens had apparently decided to resign days earlier, he began the week as though he would continue his fight. On Monday, he spoke with attorney Catherine Hanaway about her legal defense of Greitens' campaign, which already had turned over thousands of documents to a House investigatory committee.
On Tuesday morning, a Cole County judge ordered the campaign and a pro-Greitens group called A New Missouri to comply with a House subpoena seeking more records about potential coordination between the nonprofit organization, Greitens and his campaign. The judge said the names of any donors to A New Missouri could be redacted.
House Speaker Todd Richardson said Wednesday that he didn't know whether the House still has the power or desire to enforce the subpoena now that Greitens is resigning.
Hanaway described the judicial ruling as "pretty innocuous," adding that she did not think the order "had any effect on the decision" to resign.
Roe said Greitens had been prepared for a two-stage fight. He was first focused on the invasion-of-privacy charge, which was dropped during jury selection. Greitens had hoped to be acquitted, which Roe said would have allowed him to mount a full defense against the potential House impeachment proceedings. But the specter of those charges being refiled hampered what Greitens could say and do on both fronts, Roe said.
Roe also said it appeared likely that the House would vote to impeach Greitens, a step that would have prolonged his fight for several more months until a trial could be held on whether to remove him from office.
"The human and financial toll was too great," Roe said. "And it was going to go on for too long."
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Blake Nelson in Jefferson City and John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, contributed to this report.
Century Aluminum officials say one of the three potlines at their Sebree smelter is closed.
They say there was an electrical failure. No one was hurt.
Officials say they expect to restore the potline to full production within the next three months.
They say about 18,000 tonnes of production will be lost.
A similar situation just happened at Alcoa in Warrick County.
It's not clear if the electrical failure will lead to any temporary layoffs. We are reaching out to Century Aluminum officials.
Copyright 2018 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Sean Spicer, the incoming White House communications director, suggested Sunday that President Obama's imposing Russian sanctions related to email hacking was politically motivated, considering China recently did far worse without punishment.
“Maybe it was; maybe it wasn't,” Spicer said on ABC's “This Week.” “China took over a million records. And a White House statement wasn't even issued. … So there is a question about whether there's a political retribution here versus a diplomatic response.”
Obama, a Democrat leaving office next month after two terms, has insisted the hacking probe is non-political, saying, “There is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections that we need to take action.”
But he also has made clear his belief that the Russian hacking “create(d) more problems for the Clinton campaign than it had for the Trump campaign.”
Obama's announcement Thursday of the sanctions follows the U.S. intelligence community making statements that connect Russia to the hacking and releasing of emails from the Democratic National Committee and John Podesta, the campaign chairman for 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
Clinton supporters argue that the emails contributed to Clinton's defeat by Republican nominee Donald Trump.
Spicer insisted several times Sunday that Trump will decide after meeting this week with U.S. intelligence officials about whether Russia and Russian President Vladimir Putin were indeed involved.
Meanwhile, he suggested that Americans, including the mainstream media, immediately and overwhelming accepted the assumption about Russia's involvement without all of the facts.
“Everyone in the media wants to jump forward and make a conclusion based off…anonymous sources that are coming out of the intelligence community,” Spicer said.
He also argued that the Obama administration's report on the sanctions was supposed to prove Russia's involvement but instead pointed out lapses in the DNC's Internet security.
“What this says are that the DNC had a problem with their IT security and people tried to hack it and that (the DNC) needs to do a better job of protecting it,” Spicer said.
He also seemed to suggest that Obama's punitive actions on Russia were politically motivated, considering their severity and because they'll be put in Trump's lap when he takes over the White House in three weeks.
“You haven't seen a response like that in modern history for any action,” Spicer said about Obama expelling 35 Russian diplomats and closing separate Russian compounds in Maryland and New York.
He argued that Obama took no known action two years ago when China took the million-plus records that included sensitive data on federal employees including him.
“They sent everyone who had worked in the government a letter saying that you'll get free monitoring of your credit,” Spicer said. “That's all they did.”
The water surrounding me provided little resistance to the powerful handheld propeller in my hands. Effortlessly gliding over the seabed, I reached the edge of a precipice. Stopping, I gazed down into the blackness. It was filled with mystery, and I felt dizzy staring down. Looking up, schools of tuna and black sea bass swam, creating dark shadows against the bright sunlight beyond the rippling surface. A voice urged me to continue my mission of cataloging sea life, and exploring the effect our environmental carelessness was having on them.
This wasn't real life, although I was in the coastal city of Brighton in the United Kingdom. I was wearing an HTC Vive headset and playing Operation Apex, a virtual reality game from startup Curiscope. It's close to living The Blue Planet as I'm going to get.
While we use the word “game” to describe Operation Apex, it's not quite correct. It's not a game in the traditional sense, and it's not a primarily educational experience like Curiscope's other main product, the quirky-but-awesome Virtuali-Tee. It bridges the space between the two, merging the exploratory aspect of games like No Man's Sky with the cinematic, engaging, and absorbing story-telling we adore in documentaries like The Blue Planet.
While we may be used to this format in TV, movies, or even some games, it's unusual in virtual reality. Curiscope considers it the way forward for VR, and has spent the last year on this ambitious project, creating an undersea educational experience with a strong conservationist message that is as compelling to play as any game, yet as visually interesting as our favorite documentaries.
The name of Operation Apex is inspired by apex predators, Curiscope CEO Ed Barton explained — which means sharks, in this case. “We're the shark startup,” he joked, referencing Curiscope's breakout shark-based 360 video experience, now an AR title for iOS, which has received tens of millions of views on YouTube.
You play the role of a researcher tasked with discovering the effect plastic is having on ocean life. Your exploration leads to understanding the food chain, and how pollutants are affecting all creatures under the sea, and therefore our lives on land. Sounds depressing, right?
Your exploration leads to understanding how pollutants are affecting creatures under the sea.
It's not, and all the better for it. The message is there, but it's not heavy-handed, and the experience doesn't come across as a lecture.
The Blue Planet's subtle format was a major influence for Barton, co-founder Ben Kidd, and the Curiscope team — but it wasn't the only one. He talked about Pixar movies, which weave their points into an entertaining storyline, and how the Discovery Channel presents stories about complex or challenging subjects.
For Curiscope, the tough part was taking the idea and bringing it into VR. Barton recalled Everest VR, which was visually awe-inspiring, but short on interaction. “We didn't want Operation Apex to be an on-rails virtual reality experience,” he told Digital Trends.
It's not. The HTC Vive's controllers are multi-tools, with a map of your surroundings showing objectives, a scanner for cataloging life, and a clever lure system to bring shy creatures close to you. After a brief period of adjustment, it's easy to use the control system, luring fish with one hand, and operating the scanner with the other. While the game has a clear mission structure, exploration is encouraged, often leading to hidden secrets that provide more information and background for the story.
The ocean is beautifully realized with waving kelp forests, open expanses of water, deep sea caves, and plenty of sea life. In the first stage I felt an overwhelming feeling of exposure, like I was somewhere I shouldn't be. It's very effective.
The best learning experiences are often those where you don't know you're learning, and Operation Apex's conservational message is sufficiently subtle to not be the sole reason for the game's existence, while at the same time provoking thought. It's a complex juggling act that Curiscope has managed well.
The VR industry is still young, and creating new content that not only works, but pushes the format forward, is still a challenge. With Operation Apex, Curiscope's meeting that challenge. It's also only the beginning. In the future, it's hoped this first version will be enhanced with new levels, each telling stories about life below the waves and our impact — good and bad —on it. This first edition of Operation Apex could be episode one of Curiscope's own VR documentary.
Operation Apex is available now for the HTC Vive through the VivePort store, and will come to Oculus Rift and Playstation VR in 2018.
CHICAGO (AP) — Futures trading on the Chicago Board of Trade Tuesday.:
Settle WHEAT (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Mar 457 1-4 May 470 3-4 Jul 483 1-2 Sep 496 3-4 Dec 515 3-4 Mar 531 1-4 May 536 1-2 Jul 536 1-2 Sep 545 Dec 558 1-2 Mar 569 May 566 1-2 Jul 555 CORN (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Mar 361 1-2 May 369 3-4 Jul 377 1-2 Sep 384 3-4 Dec 393 1-2 Mar 401 3-4 May 406 3-4 Jul 411 Sep 407 1-4 Dec 409 1-4 Mar 416 May 419 1-2 Jul 424 1-2 Sep 424 1-4 Dec 413 3-4 Jul 421 3-4 Dec 419 1-2 OATS (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Mar 270 May 264 1-2 Jul 267 1-2 Sep 269 1-2 Dec 267 1-4 Mar 267 1-4 May 267 1-4 Jul 267 1-4 Sep 268 1-2 Dec 268 1-2 Jul 267 Sep 267 SOYBEANS (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Mar 1000 1-4 May 1011 1-4 Jul 1021 Aug 1022 1-4 Sep 1015 1-2 Nov 1013 1-2 Jan 1019 3-4 Mar 1020 3-4 May 1024 1-4 Jul 1029 3-4 Aug 1024 3-4 Sep 1013 3-4 Nov 1001 3-4 Jan 1006 1-2 Mar 1007 May 1014 1-2 Jul 1018 3-4 Aug 1011 1-4 Sep 1009 1-4 Nov 992 Jul 992 Nov 992 SOYBEAN OIL (60,000 lbs; cents per lb) Mar 33.08 May 33.28 Jul 33.49 Aug 33.55 Sep 33.60 Oct 33.60 Dec 33.74 Jan 33.83 Mar 33.92 May 34.02 Jul 34.14 Aug 34.11 Sep 34.08 Oct 33.73 Dec 33.70 Jan 33.81 Mar 34.02 May 34.03 Jul 34.23 Aug 34.23 Sep 34.23 Oct 34.23 Dec 34.23 Jul 34.23 Oct 34.23 Dec 34.23 SOYBEAN MEAL (100 tons; dollars per ton) Mar 340.50 May 343.90 Jul 345.80 Aug 344.70 Sep 343.20 Oct 340.20 Dec 340.90 Jan 341.20 Mar 342.10 May 343.50 Jul 345.10 Aug 344.70 Sep 343.50 Oct 339.10 Dec 338.90 Jan 339.60 Mar 340.60 May 340.60 Jul 342.10 Aug 342.10 Sep 342.10 Oct 342.10 Dec 343.30 Jul 343.30 Oct 343.30 Dec 343.30
“Shindig: A Southern Celebration of Queer Cinema” comes to The Palace Picture House
There's nothing more encouraging right now than the Chattanooga Film Scene. Maybe it's just whistling in the dark, what with a mad Tweeter in charge of our armed forces and neo-Nazis marching across the country, but the advent of a new and exciting film festival in the Scenic City is something to celebrated.
That it's an LGBTQ film festival is just icing on the cake. It sends a certain message to the world—Chattanooga, a city in the heart of Trump country, has people ready and willing to celebrate our differences in the face of those trying to divide us.
From Friday through Sunday, The Palace Picture House will host “Shindig: A Southern Celebration of Queer Cinema”. Presented by The Chattanooga Film Festival and Tennessee Valley Pride, the festival will showcase queer cinema with narrative features, shorts, and documentaries from across the country and around the world.
“We are thrilled to be bringing an LGBTQ film festival to Chattanooga,” says festival director and curator Billy Ray Brewton. “It's not something a lot of people expect when they think of Chattanooga and we want to change minds one film at a time. It's also an amazing opportunity to partner with Tennessee Valley Pride, who are committed to raising awareness, educating and strengthening the community and improving the human condition.”
The festival will feature nine films over the course of three days. Here are just some of the films:
Princess Cyd
Written and directed by Stephen Cone
Eager to escape life with her depressive single father, 16-year-old athlete Cyd Loughlin visits her novelist aunt in Chicago over the summer. While there, she falls for a girl in the neighborhood, even as she and her aunt gently challenge each other in the realms of sex and spirit. Cone is best known for his features The Wise Kids and Henry Gamble's Birthday Party, both currently available to stream on Netflix.
Alaska Is A Drag
Written and directed by Shaz Bennett
Tough, but diva fabulous, Leo, an aspiring drag superstar, is stuck working in a fish cannery in Alaska. He and his twin sister are trapped in the monotony of fist fights and fish guts. Out of necessity, Leo learned to fight back, which catches the attention of the local boxing coach. When a new boy moves to town and wants to be his sparring partner, Leo has to face the real reason he's stuck in Alaska. Based on the hit short film and co-starring Matt Dallas (Kyle XY) and Margaret Cho. Shaz Bennett will be in attendance for a Q&A following the film
Thelma
Co-written and directed by Joachim Trier
In Trier's follow-up to the critically acclaimed Louder Than Bombs, shy college student Thelma moves away from her religious family to attend college in Oslo. After experiencing a violent seizure, she becomes powerfully attracted to Anja, another woman on campus. As her passion becomes all-consuming and her behavior increasingly reckless, her seizures—a manifestation of some inexplicable paranormal abilities—intensify. Soon, Thelma must confront the terrifying implications.
A Closer Walk With Thee
Directed by John Clark & Brie Williams
Like The Exorcist as directed by Gregg Araki, this queer erotic horror-comedy follows Jordan, a young Christian missionary who gets caught watching his handsome pastor Eli in the shower. The house church ostracizes him until Eli (who happens to be a fledgling exorcist) suggests it may be demonic possession that's giving Jordan his ungodly urges. What starts as an exorcism to save their friendship quickly descends into psychosexual madness. John Clark will be in attendance for a Q&A following the film
Why it matters to you David Tennant earned rave reviews as Kilgrave in Jessica Jones and it looks like he will be back.
With Netflix and Marvel's The Defenders mini-series just a few days away, Entertainment Weekly revealed that one actor from 2015's Jessica Jones will be making a surprise return for season 2: David Tennant (Doctor Who).
Tennant appeared in the first season as Kilgrave, Jones' mind-controlling archenemy, receiving widespread praise for his performance as the demented villain. The news comes as a surprise because — spoiler alert — the first season ends with Jones (Krysten Ritter) developing an immunity to Kilgrave's powers and subsequently killing him via a neck-snap.
It is unclear what role Kilgrave will play in the series' second season. Given his conspicuous lack of a pulse (or a functional spinal cord), we are putting our money on some sort of flashback sequences. With The Defenders inbound, the announcement's timing should come as no surprise, even if Tennant's involvement does. We would not be shocked if the Scottish actor's role in season 2 is limited — even to a few minutes in a single episode.
LINDA KÄLLÉRUS/NETFLIX
EW also shared a photo of Tennant and Ritter together on-set, clad in their characters' trademark purple suit and leather jacket, respectively. The second season of Jessica Jones will hit Netflix in early 2018.
The Defenders see Jones teaming up with fellow Marvel heroes (and fellow Netflix series stars) Iron Fist (Finn Jones), Luke Cage (Mike Colter), and Daredevil (Charlie Cox) to take on a villain known as Alexandra and played by Sigourney Weaver. These characters have not yet appeared in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) but references are made to the Avengers in the shows, so it is not out of the question, which would likely make for some very crowded casts.
To learn more about The Defenders, check out our roundup of all related news and rumors. If you do not mind minor spoilers, we have a review for the first four episodes as well. There are more Marvel-Netflix collabs on the way, too; Jon Bernthal (The Walking Dead) is set to star as Frank Castle in a new Punisher series that has not received an official release date, though it could be coming out in November.
It was a Valentines Day to remember last night as Tom Hardy (and Woodstock the dog) returned to CBeebies Bedtime Stories for another tale to settle kids to sleep. That was the plan, anyway.
As word soon spread the hard man of Taboo would be getting his hooks into Tom McLaughlin's The Cloudspotter, Hardy started trending on Twitter. And not because of the book.
See if you can spot who he was appealing to...
Tom hardy reading a bedtime story fixes everything😩😍 pic.twitter.com/I15RUfz080 — Faye🐝 (@Dracoslouis) February 14, 2017
@CBeebiesHQ Look at that grin at the end...Tom knows who his audience is going to be. 😉😍 pic.twitter.com/dbK7FYesyx — Married To A Geek (@MarriedtoaGeek1) February 14, 2017
Still not sure who the show was catering for?
Ok watched #cbeebies bedtime story with my 5yr old, she said "mummy do you like that man on tv, I was "oh yes baby I do" lol 😍 #TomHardy Cxx — Claire shepherd (@Claireshep13) February 14, 2017
Do you remember where you were when Elvis died? When the Berlin Wall came down? When Tom Hardy read the @CBeebiesHQ bedtime story? — Abi Gregory (@abigregory) February 14, 2017
Thanks CBeebies, for the best 5 minutes of my life.
Love, everybody. 💕 pic.twitter.com/0WKmmLW4XQ — Laverne (@IMAwlEarsTT) February 14, 2017
My son just now " DAD, why did mom just say 'oh yes, I'm all tucked in for a bed time story'?" #TomHardy #BedTimeStory 😳 — Holly84 (@fairnholly) February 15, 2017
It definitely wasn't Taboo audiences...
Whoa, the latest episode of Taboo on Cbeebies has really shaken things up. — MrSloth (@SlothBracelet) February 14, 2017
Or the kids...
Watched Tom Hardy read Bedtime Story on CBeebies tonight with 9 month old niece & my sister.Out of the 3 of us my niece was least interested — Becky Gorf (@beckstergorf) February 14, 2017
Just what kind of person could Tom Hardy make so happy?
Jewellery - £100
Flowers - £40
Efforts paling into insignificance because Tom Hardy is reading a bedtime story on CBeebies...
Priceless! — chris morgon (@c_morgon) February 14, 2017
Yes. That would be me watching CBeebies. A 40+ woman with no kids! #TomHardy 😍 pic.twitter.com/PjNQd4LBC0 — K (@YourRedHead69) February 14, 2017
Guess we'll never know...
You can watch Tom Hardy's CBeebies Bedtime Story on the iPlayer.
Unlike Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding, a day of pomp and circumstance at Westminster Abbey, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's nuptials will be a more intimate affair.
Don't get us wrong—this will still be a royal wedding, but the couple has chosen St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle as a venue, which indicates that Meghan and Harry will have a very different wedding than Will and Kate. St. George's has a capacity of 800 people is much smaller than the Abbey's 2,000, a fitting size for the future King and Queen of England.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"It's a signal to people that they're not going to be full-on attention seeking royals," royal biographer Andrew Morton told me earlier this year. "Because they could have had the option of Westminster Abbey, like his brother, but to do so would have been to say 'We are now fully minted public figures.'
"With St. George's Chapel, it's more like the wedding of Edward and Sophie Rhys-Jones. They're a more low-key couple," he said.
The chapel, which dates back to the 1300s, has hosted royal weddings for centuries including not only Prince Edward's marriage ceremony in 1999, but also the union of Prince Charles and Camilla in 2005 and Princess Ann's son Peter Phillip's wedding to Autumn Kelly in 2008.
The first wedding to take place in the space was in 1863, between the future King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra.
According to the Royal Collection Trust website, the space is "one of the finest examples of Gothic architecture in England and is particularly noted for its magnificent stone fan vaulting."
"As with all members of the Royal Family, Windsor is a very special place for Prince Harry and he and Ms. Markle have regularly spent time there over the last year and a half," reads a statement from Kensington Palace.
"They are grateful to the Queen for granting permission for the use of the Chapel. The Chapel itself has centuries of royal tradition and hosted the weddings of many members of the Royal Family. Prince Harry and Ms. Markle are delighted that the beautiful grounds of Windsor Castle will be where they begin their lives together as a married couple."
Take a tour of the space below:
A scene of the grounds outside St. George's Chapel on Prince Edward and Sophie Rhys-Jones's wedding day. Getty
Pictured here is the Quire in St. George's Chapel. Getty
The nave of St. George's Chapel. At the wedding of Prince Edward and Sophie Rhys-Jones, the Royal Family sat on the right-hand side. Getty
The exterior of St. George's Chapel. Getty
A photo of the 15th-century fan vaulting at St. George's Chapel. Getty
Drake is fuming after a recent stay at La Quinta, California's Madison Club.
“The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling #Coachella,” the rapper, 30, wrote in a since-deleted post on Instagram early Monday with a snapshot of the facility's logo.
JENNIFER DATING A-ROD AFTER DRAKE SPLIT?
Drake's fans are also voicing their concerns in the comments of the post — many tagging the club, whose account is private. “It should never take this level of a spotlight to assess your mandate and employee compliance,” one commenter said.
According to the Madison Club's website, it is located 100 miles south and east of Los Angeles and bills itself as an exclusive residential community for the rich and famous — including late A-listers Frank Sinatra, Liberace, Cary Grant and Bob Hope.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Drake performed at the annual music event during Future's Saturday night set.
Requests for comment from Drake and the Madison Club were not returned.
This article originally appeared on Page Six.
Diana Araque, Jules Atkinson, Simone Atkinson and Natalie Huffman made state qualifying time and will compete nest weekend in Knoxville.
Jules Atkinson was seventh in the 100 fly in 1:00.16 and 14th in the 50 free in :25.82. Simone Atkinson finished the 100 fly in :57.45, .12 out of 16th place, and 18th in the 100 back in 1:06.78. Huffman qualified for the 100 free with a 1:00.08 time and finished 19th in the 100 back in 1:06.82. Araque was 13th in the 100 breast in 1:11.92 and 15th in the 100 back in 1:04.37.
Jenny Howell finished the 50 free in :25.82 and the 100 free in 1:05.22, both personal bests. Ellie Bonner finished the 50 free in a personal-best :29.28 and the 100 free in 1:07.15. Shelby Hendry completed the 50 free in :29.61 and the 100 free in 1:04.89, both personal bests. Karina Lorenz finished the 100 breast in 1:26.58 and Nicolette Hoeg was 1:30.88 in the same event.
The girls' A medley relay was 14th in 1:59.64 while the B team turned in a unit-best 2:18.3. The 200 free relay turned in a personal-best 2:03.19. The 400 free relay was 10th in 3:58.65.
The boys' 200 medley relay finished in 2:09.69 while the 200 free relay completed its heat in 1:54.83.
Over 60,000 Candidates To Re-Write JAMB – Examination Board
The Joint Examination and Matriculation Board, JAMB, has delisted a total of 62,140 candidates and some computer-based centres, CBT, from board examination over organised examination malpractice and other offences. The examination board revealed that over 60,000 candidates of the examination will have the opportunity to retake the examniation come July 1. The board while speaking…
The post Over 60,000 Candidates To Re-Write JAMB – Examination Board appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OMNISPORT
Bayern Munich will have to be at their best for 180 minutes if they are to progress in the Champions League at Besiktas' expense, according to Jupp Heynckes.
The Bundesliga leaders were drawn to play Besiktas in Monday's last-16 draw in Nyon, with the first leg at home in February before they travel to Turkey on March 14.
Bayern have never lost a competitive match against a Turkish side in European competition, but their veteran head coach warned that maintaining that record will be no easy task.
"They are a very good team," he said. "We need to bring our best performances to both games in order to progress."
Since Heynckes returned for a fourth spell in charge of Bayern in September they have only lost once in all competitions, a run that has seen them return to the top of the table and progress in Europe.
And that upturn in form is something sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic believes gives them the edge against Besiktas.
"We know how strong Besiktas are," he told FCB.tv.
"We [have] followed their progress because they were in Leipzig's group. It's a difficult draw. We'll see what happens.
"There'll definitely be an exceptional atmosphere over there, but there will be here in Munich as well.
"We're looking forward to it. Obviously it's a disadvantage to play at home first, but we're good enough and accept it."
Poly Student Wins Free Trip To 2018 World Cup Courtesy Diamond Bank And Visa
Vwaire Favour Ajewen has emerged the winner of the first Diamond Bank/Visa ‘Activate and Spend' campaign draw held over the weekend.
The Ozoro Polytechnic, Warri, Delta State student would watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia on an all-expense paid trip courtesy of Visa.
Related: VISA Kicks Off Russia 2018 Campaign On Sports Planet With Fantastic Prizes
Commenting on the emergence of the winner, Head, Corporate Communications, Diamond Bank Plc, Chioma Afe, stated, “We are delighted to be rewarding a loyal customer with the prize, courtesy of Visa. This is truly exciting as it demonstrates the benefits of using our services. Not only are Diamond Bank services convenient and secure, customers stand a chance of winning by simply transacting with us”.
The Activate and Spend campaign is open to all Visa cardholders and it provides them an opportunity to watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup live in Russia. They stand a chance to win the grand prize in the draws, by simply paying for at least three transactions worth a minimum of N1,000 each with their Diamond Bank Visa debit or credit cards before 25 April 2018.
The post Poly Student Wins Free Trip To 2018 World Cup Courtesy Diamond Bank And Visa appeared first on Complete Sports Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Complete Sports Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By AMY TAXIN
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session.
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse the decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia.
The court denied the state's request to immediately block the ruling. But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law.
For now, there are many questions on the impact of the ruling. Here are some of them:
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live. To ensure they didn't have a change of heart, patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request.
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect.
Compassion & Choices, a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated, estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law's first year.
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July.
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE?
Ottolia's ruling, which was filed with the court last week, didn't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives. Rather, he found that the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015.
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics.
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia's order has not yet considered the state's request to reverse the ruling. Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate his decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general's office.
What does all this mean for now?
"We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect," said Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the law school at the University of California, Berkeley.
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications can't legally get them now, said Dr. Lonny Shavelson, whose practice was solely focused on those cases.
Shavelson said he still is meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions. And he said he can't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored.
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to. But with the law not in effect, it's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide, which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments.
"I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients," he said.
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION?
Shavelson said he and his colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge's ruling. Similarly, Kaiser Permanente halted the health network's end-of-life program.
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription? Experts said that's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction.
Matt Valliere, executive director of the Patients' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out, said he believes doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide, which is a felony under California law.
Kathryn Tucker, executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project, said she doubts prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients. But she said she doesn't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty.
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW?
It's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure, but it took years for the state's now-blocked law to be passed. A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature.
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push.
"What's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature," she said.
Becerra's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Tinubu: ‘APC leader may be poisoned, Atiku will be forced out of party,' Prophet reveals in 2017 predictions
Prophet Omale also said that the Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose will face impeachment in the new year.
A prophet, Emmanuel Omale, says God told that former Vice President Atiku Abubakar would be forced out of the Progressives Congress (APC) in 2017 while the party's national leader, Bola Tinubu may be poisoned.
Omale, who is the head of the Divine Hand of God Prophetic Ministries International, revealed these and more in a statement issued in Abuja on Sunday, January 1.
In his 2017 prophecies, Prophet Omale also said if "President Muhammadu Buhari chooses the Mandela option, (that is, not to contest again in 2019), a very powerful man will be anointed by him from North West to rule after him."
According to him, the Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose will face impeachment in the new year.
He said the proposed Mega Party will not come to reality in 2017, adding that aside two Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governors who would "cross carpet to APC," another "South-South strong man who rose out of the walls will join the ruling Party."
On corruption, Omale said three of Buhari's Ministers will be convicted.
On economy, the prophet said Dollar will move from last year prediction of $350 to $570, adding that "no oil in explorable quantity will be found in the North, NNPC should seek the Divine Hand of God to know where to find oil in the North."
"I see peace in Niger delta, but Federal Government should make peace with former President Jonathan and his family to sustain that peace," he said.
ALSO READ: Tinubu congratulates Buhari, Army over victory in Sambisa
He called on Nigerians to "pray against a plane crash in early 2017," and also warned that prayer should be said against Boko Haram efforts to attack Abuja – he said residents of Gwagwalada should be vigilant.
Omale further said: "January 27th keep ringing bells in my head, let us pray for ourselves, for our country, we deserve political stability to enable economic prosperity. Let us pray! There will be no shedding of blood.
"Let us pray for the health of a former President to avert bereavement.
"I see fire outbreak in Lagos and Abuja markets.
"I see changes in INEC Leadership.
"Taraba should pray to avert a very severe Ethno-religious crisis.
"A very important Emir should pray against bereavement.
"Nigeria should pray to avert deadly inter tribal clash in Lagos state
"A former Governor should pray against sudden death.
"I see massive oil spillage around Kogi that will lead to seven days fire.
"Three Banks will collapse.
"A Service Chief of one of the armed forces will be dropped."
On the international scene, the prophet said he "foresee a massive typhoon in Thailand that may be worse than the last tsunami."
"The new Ghana President-elect should pray against liver and internal organ sickness after inauguration.
"Yahaya Jammeh will hand over to President-Elect Barrow.
"Robert Mugabe may not survive 2017.
"Jacob Zuma may still be in trouble.
"Big tragedy will happen in China.
"The English Queen should pray against life threatening health challenges," he said.
On sports, he said a "famous Nigerian Athlete should pray against injury that may end his career."
Omale, however, called for fervent prayers to avert some of these dangers, which he said can be overturned.
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson says he cannot defend Christian Benteke over his decision to take the crucial penalty in injury time on Saturday against AFC Bournemouth.
The Belgian international persuaded designated penalty taker Luka Milivojevic that he should take the 92nd minute spot kick, after Wilfried Zaha had been felled in the box, only for the striker to see his weak effort saved by Asmir Begovic.
But Hodgson says that he and the players have drawn a line under the incident after the former Liverpool and Aston Villa man apologised to the rest of the team this morning (Monday).
And the Palace boss said Benteke was keen to make sure that his team-mate Milivojevic was absolved of any blame regarding the situation.
"The first thing that [Benteke] made very clear to me was that it was not Luka's fault at all, he said ‘this is totally my responsibility, it was me that persuaded Luka'," Hodgson revealed.
"He was anxious to make sure that Luka didn't in any way come in for any form of criticism."
However, Hodgson said that while he could not defend what Benteke did on Saturday, he could accept that mistakes can be made, adding that while he did not say much to the striker at the time, he has been happy with how he has responded to the incident.
"I can't really defend his decision to take it because we'd nominated a penalty taker and he'd scored the first one and we expected him to take the second one," he said.
"Had Luka [Milivojevic] not been able to take it, that's another subject altogether. So I can't justify that, I can't help him in that area.
"But I'm very happy with the way he's reacted to it; I'm happy with the way he's taken responsibility; I'm happy with the way he's explained that to the rest of the team, not just to myself.
"He's had the courage to talk in front of the team and explain his decision and basically apologise for not following the instructions he should have done.
"That's a strong and correct thing to do, and he makes it perfectly clear, 'I took this responsibility; I shouldn't have done because I'm breaking ranks, I'm not obeying team instructions, so I apologise for that, but now I'm going to get on with it', and I'm pretty sure he'll make it up to us.
"I'm happy with that, but I'm never happy when very clear instructions like that are given, and everyone knows they are there to be followed: when they're not followed I can't say I'm very happy about it."
Hodgson admits that Benteke, who was widely criticised, now finds himself as "a pantomime villain" in the eyes of the Palace supporters, but he says he was pleased with the Belgian's performance in general prior to the penalty debacle.
That's how you do it! Everton striker Wayne Rooney shows Crystal Palace's Christian Benteke how it's done
And he says he hopes that the striker will respond positively to win back the support of the fans, adding that he hopes that the Palace supporters will not hold it against him.
"At the moment Benteke, as far as everyone's concerned, is some sort of pantomime villain," he said.
"The major problem is, this incident occurred, and it has put him on the back foot, not with me, the coaching staff or the players, but with our fans, who have seen him miss penalties before and were not happy when he stepped up to take it. Then when he missed it they booed him off.
"And that will be a problem of course because in the next match Christian plays and maybe more he will unfortunately have to live with the fact there is a residue of resentment because he took a penalty which he perhaps shouldn't have taken and missed it.
"But that is part of football life and I have every confidence he will deal with it.
"I would like to think so, but it would be a bold statement from me to say, 'yeah, yeah he can deal with it', because I don't know.
"Let me make one more point about Benteke: he played very well on Saturday. That was a really good performance, so let's not forget that.
And Hodgson says he has no plans to drop the striker over the incident, adding that he hopes he will instead score goals to win over the fans.
"He [Benteke] has to play as well as he did on Saturday and he has got to score a goal or two," he said.
"He knows that and his desperation to do that might just be seen in the fact that after playing well in the game, he felt confident enough to take the penalty. So there's not much I can do to help him in that respect.
"I don't think he can do much more than he did at the weekend. When you play near the top of your game and you are playing well, that's all your manager can ask of you.
"But of course goals, they either come or they don't and I am certain he will be trying to get his goal."
Hodgson did, however, hint that Benteke is not likely to be scoring from the penalty spot anytime soon for the Eagles.
"People take penalties in different ways. Maybe that is the way he takes penalties. I might not be seeing that for a while."
How to see matches for free on the BBC – and via Eurosport and YouTube – plus details of tickets, seedings and injuries – including whether Andy Murray will be fit to play...
As the tennis season moves into summer, we come to the year's biggest tournament – Wimbledon. The most coveted of the four Grand Slams, the Championships – held at the England Tennis Club – attract the best of the world's tennis talent, from new French Open champions Simona Halep and Rafael Nadal to Roger Federer and Serena Williams.
Advertisement
But who will lift the trophy? And will fellow Brit hopefuls Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta make it to the latter stages of the competition? As usual, the BBC will be screening the Championships for the full two weeks. Here are all the details you need on how to watch live on TV and online, the Wimbledon draw and seedings and the daily court schedules…
When is Wimbledon 2018?
This year's Championships are held from Monday 2nd July – Sunday 15th July, with the women's final taking place on 14th July followed by the men's final on 15th July. Qualifying was held at the Bank of England Club from Monday 25th June – Thursday 28th June with Brit Dan Evans, who recently served a year-long drugs ban, missing out on a place in the main draw. (More details on the players who did make it through below).
The men's and women's (or gentlemen's and ladies', in Wimbledon speak) tournaments begin on 2nd July, with the doubles starting on 4th July and mixed doubles from 5th July. The juniors, wheelchair and invitational matches commence on Saturday 7th July.
How can I watch Wimbledon 2018 on TV and online?
Wimbledon 2018 will as usual be screened by the BBC who are showing the tournament in Ultra HD for the first time. Sue Barker is back, fronting a team presenting live matches during the day on BBC1 and BBC2 from 11:30am (11am on day one) with commentators including Andrew Castle and John Inverdale. There will also be insight from tennis legends including John McEnroe, Martina Navratilova, Boris Becker, Billie Jean King, Tracy Austin, Pat Cash, Kim Clijsters and Tim Henman (read more about Tim's top male players to watch).
The BBC will also broadcast an evening round-up – Today at Wimbledon – hosted by Clare Balding on BBC2, reflecting on the day's best action.
As for online, all Centre Court matches will be available in Ultra HD on BBC iPlayer, with up to 16 live HD streams also available on BBC Sport online, BBC iPlayer and via the Red Button.
But there will be one crucial difference this year. The cameras that capture all the action have been taken in-house, as of 2018, with the England Club, rather than the BBC, choosing the footage to be shown on our TV screens for the first time.
If you have Eurosport, you can also watch a highlights package, airing daily from 10-11:30pm, with the broadcaster owning exclusive rights to countries like Belgium, Russia, the Netherlands and Sweden.
If you don't have Eurosport, Amazon Prime subscribers can watch via Amazon Channels.
And finally, Wimbledon nuts can tune into YouTube where they will find a live stream throughout the fortnight on the Wimbledon YouTube channel, featuring interviews, live snippets of play, match analysis and behind-the-scenes action.
This is a tricky one. The vast majority of tickets for Centre Court, No.1 Court, No.2 Court and No.3 Court are distributed via a public ballot which is open from 1st September to 31st December. Prices range from £25 to £210. If you were successful in the ballot, you would have heard back before the end of February 2018. Click here for more information and details of how to apply for tickets next year.
There are two alternatives to ballot tickets: firstly, each day Ticketmaster sells several hundred tickets online for the following day's play – you'll need to register at MyWimbledon to be the first to get details. And secondly, there's the Queue. Here you can line up for a limited allocation of tickets for Centre Court, No.1 Court, No.2 Court and grounds passes. Access to Wimbledon via the Queue often involves an early start – and sometimes an overnight camp.
Who are the top seeds playing at Wimbledon?
Roger Federer may have relinquished his number one ranking to Rafael Nadal in the lead-up to Wimbledon, but the England Club have decided to award him the top seeding for the Championships, followed by Nadal at number two and Cilic third. Novak Djokovic is seeded in 12th, with British number one Kyle Edmund 21st, bumped up a place following Roberto Bautista-Agut's withdrawal.
Read more about the top male players here
The women's seedings are topped by French Open champion Simona Halep followed by Caroline Wozniacki in second and defending champion Garbine Muguruze in third. But – crucially – Wimbledon has chosen to seed Serena Williams at 25th. The seven-time champion is currently ranked 183rd after an absence from the tour to give birth to her first child but remains a formidable opponent on any surface, especially grass. Her sister Venus is seeded ninth with British number one Johanna Konta 22nd.
Read more about the top female players here
See the full Wimbledon seedings below:
Gentlemen's Singles:
FEDERER, Roger (SUI) NADAL, Rafael (ESP) CILIC, Marin (CRO) ZVEREV, Alexander (GER) DEL POTRO, Juan Martin (ARG) DIMITROV, Grigor (BUL) THIEM, Dominic (AUT) ANDERSON, Kevin (RSA) ISNER, John (USA) GOFFIN, David (BEL) QUERREY, Sam (USA) DJOKOVIC, Novak (SRB) RAONIC, Milos (CAN) SCHWARTZMAN, Diego (ARG) KYRGIOS, Nick (AUS) CORIC, Borna (CRO) POUILLE, Lucas (FRA) SOCK, Jack (USA) FOGNINI, Fabio (ITA) CARRENO BUSTA, Pablo (ESP) EDMUND, Kyle (GBR) MANNARINO, Adrian (FRA) GASQUET, Richard (FRA) NISHIKORI, Kei (JPN) CHUNG, Hyeon (KOR) KOHLSCHREIBER, Philipp (GER) SHAPOVALOV, Denis (CAN) DZUMHUR, Damir (BIH) KRAJINOVIC, Filip (SRB) CECCHINATO, Marco (ITA) VERDASCO, Fernando (ESP) MAYER, Leonardo (ARG)
Ladies' Singles:
HALEP, Simona (ROU) WOZNIACKI, Caroline (DEN) MUGURUZA, Garbiñe (ESP) STEPHENS, Sloane (USA) SVITOLINA, Elina (UKR) GARCIA, Caroline (FRA) PLISKOVA, Karolina (CZE) KVITOVA, Petra (CZE) WILLIAMS, Venus (USA) KEYS, Madison (USA) KERBER, Angelique (GER) OSTAPENKO, Jelena (LAT) GOERGES, Julia (GER) KASATKINA, Daria (RUS) MERTENS, Elise (BEL) VANDEWEGHE, Coco (USA) BARTY, Ashleigh (AUS) OSAKA, Naomi (JPN) RYBARIKOVA, Magdalena (SVK) BERTENS, Kiki (NED) SEVASTOVA, Anastasija (LAT) KONTA, Johanna (GBR) STRYCOVA, Barbora (CZE) SHARAPOVA, Maria (RUS) WILLIAMS, Serena (USA) GAVRILOVA, Daria (AUS) SUAREZ NAVARRO, Carla (ESP) KONTAVEIT, Anett (EST) BUZARNESCU, Mihaela (ROU) PAVLYUCHENKOVA, Anastasia (RUS) ZHANG, Shuai (CHN) RADWANSKA, Agnieszka (POL)
Sadly not. Andy Murray suffered a long lay-off since having an operation on his hip in January 2018. The former British – and world – number one sat out the clay court season and withdrew from a Wimbledon warm-up event in the Netherlands, before finally returning to the tour at Queen's Club, going down in style in a three-set thriller against Nick Kygrios.
It was an encouraging first match back, and Murray played at Eastbourne, losing to Kyle Edmund in the second round, but he decided on the eve of Wimbledon that the tournament was a step too far, explaining in a statement:
“I've made significant progress in practice and matches over the last ten days, but after lengthy discussions with my team, we've decided that playing best of five set matches might be a bit too soon in the recovery process. We did everything we could to try to be ready in time.”
Serena Williams has also been a lingering injury doubt, after pulling out of the French Open quarter-finals at the start of June with an injury to her right pectoral muscle – although all signs suggest she has recovered in time for the grass court Grand Slam.
Tomas Berdych, who reached the final in 2010, and Roberto Bautista Agut have already announced they will not play.
Which players made it through Wimbledon qualifying?
Each year, 128 players take part in both the men's and singles draws – 104 men and 108 women are given direct entry, with 8 wildcards joining each competition. The rest of the places are won through qualifying which takes place the week preceding Wimbledon. This year's successful qualifiers are listed below (NB none of them are Brits but wildcards have been awarded to Katie Boulter, Harriet Dart, Katy Dunne, Katie Swan, Gabriella Taylor, Liam Broady and Jay Clarke):
Men's Singles:
Grégoire Barrère (France), Stefano Travaglia (Italy), Bradley Klahn (USA), Stéphane Robert (France), Thomas Fabbiano (Italy), Jason Kubler (Australia), Norbert Gombos (Slovakia), Christian Garin (Chile), Christian Harrison (USA), Ruben Bemelmans (Belgium), Dennis Novak (Austria), John-Patrick Smith (Australia), Yannick Maden (Germany), Ernests Gulbis (Latvia), Alex Bolt (Australia), Benjamin Bonzi (France)
Women's Singles:
Viktoriya Tomova (Bulgaria), Vitalia Diatchenko (Russia), Mona Barthel (Germany), Evgeniya Rodina (Russia), Elena-Gabriela Ruse (Romania), Antonia Lottner (Germany), Eugenie Bouchard (Canada), Vera Zvonareva (Russia), Alexandra Dulgheru (Romania), Sara Sorribes Tormo (Spain), Barbora Štefková (Czech Republic), Claire Liu (USA)
What's the Wimbledon draw?
The Wimbledon draw is revealed several days before the tournament begins. See the full 2018 men's and women's singles draw here.
Wimbledon will spend a total of £34m on prize money in 2018, with the winners of the men's and women's singles earning equal pay – a whopping £2.25m. If players fall at the final hurdle, they can console themselves with the £1.125m that is awarded to runners-up. Even those who fall in the first round of the singles events take home a fee of £39,000.
The men's and women's winning doubles teams, meanwhile, earn £450,000 (per pair), with the mixed doubles champions landing £110,000 (also per pair).
Click here for further details on Wimbledon 2018 prize money
Which celebrities are going to Wimbledon in 2018?
Along with the tennis, the royal box remains a focal point of the tournament. As patron of Wimbledon, the Duchess of Cambridge is expected to attend with her husband, Prince William. Celebrity regulars also include David Beckham, Bradley Cooper and Pippa Middleton – with Beyoncé and Jay-Z even showing up to sit in Serena Williams' player's box during the 2016 final.
So far, 2018 has seen the likes of Natalie Dormer, Ellie Goulding and Sir Cliff Richard in attendance.
Advertisement
Who won Wimbledon in 2017?
The defending men's singles champion is Roger Federer who triumphed in straight sets over an injury-hit Marin Cilic. Garbine Muguruza is the incumbent ladies' champion after seeing off Venus Williams 7-5 6-0, with pregnant sister Serena sitting out the tournament. The doubles champions were Lukasz Kubot and Marcelo Melo (men's doubles), Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina (women's doubles) and Jamie Murray and Martina Hingis (mixed doubles).
firefighters of Spring Water Township's yearly Christmas Tree Sale. All proceeds to help with donations made throughout the year to Charities.
Selling Trees Thursday and Friday Evening 6 to 8 pm
Sat and Sunday 10 am to 2 pm
Location: Fire Hall in Hillsdale
MANCHESTER, England — Chants of “Ole!” rang out from a boisterous corner of Old Trafford as Manchester City saw out a record 14th straight Premier League win by keeping possession right in front of its jubilant fans.
Manchester United just couldn't get the ball off City near the corner flag in those painful last few minutes. One final humiliation on a day when City's players opened up a close-to-unassailable 11-point lead and again highlighted the gulf between them and the rest of the league.
All at the home of their biggest rival, too.
City won the Manchester derby 2-1 on Sunday to set an English record for consecutive top-flight victories in a single season and hand United its first loss at Old Trafford in any competition since September. City was the winner then, too.
With 16 games gone, City is unbeaten in the league — having dropped only two points against Everton — and looking unstoppable as it goes for its first league title under Pep Guardiola. Third-place Chelsea is 14 points off the pace, with its coach Antonio Conte having already given up on defending the trophy.
United manager Jose Mourinho, whose team remains City's closest challenger, said the title race was “probably” over, too, despite the season not having reached the halfway stage
“You cannot be champions in December,” Guardiola said, attempting to downplay expectations. “But it's important for our confidence to feel that we can compete on big stages with huge personality.”
Just like City did in beating Chelsea 1-0 at Stamford Bridge and thrashing Liverpool 5-0 at home.
City capitalized on two defensive mistakes by United striker Romelu Lukaku at set pieces to score its goals, with David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi applying close-range finishes in the 43rd and 54th minutes.
Marcus Rashford equalized for United, from another defensive mistake, but the meeting of the league's top two teams was one-sided. Guardiola said only once had any of his teams — Barcelona, Bayern Munich or City — played better than that against United down the years, picking out Barcelona's win in the Champions League final at Wembley Stadium in 2011.
Mourinho, who fell to a ninth loss in 20 head-to-heads with coaching rival Guardiola, pointed to two major incidents in the final 10 minutes of normal time: The failure to award United a penalty for Otamendi's challenge on Ander Herrera and then City goalkeeper Ederson Moraes's double save from Lukaku and Juan Mata.
“Manchester City are a very good team and they are protected by the luck,” Mourinho said. “The gods of football are behind them.”
The game kicked off in light snowfall and, until being caught cold by Rashford's equalizer, City overran United at times, just like in last season's 2-1 win at Old Trafford. Kevin De Bruyne and Silva, in particular, were given so much time in central midfield with opposite numbers Nemanja Matic and Herrera unsure whether to close down or retreat in front of their defence.
It meant City was getting quite easily to the edge of United's box before encountering a wall of red jerseys. The final pass was the only thing lacking and invariably the opening goal came from a source at which United was supposed to have the advantage: The set piece.
De Bruyne's outswinging corner hit Lukaku as the United striker challenged for the ball with Otamendi, and Silva was on hand to guide the loose ball past stranded goalkeeper David De Gea from just inside the six-yard box.
City's players switched off in the final moments of the half and United made them pay. De Bruyne had already wasted a three-on-two breakaway when Otamendi failed to deal with a routine long ball forward from United centre back Marcos Rojo, who was bandaged up after a clash of heads with Silva.
Otamendi misjudged the flight of the ball and succeeded only in glancing a header backward, behind his flat-footed left back Fabian Delph. Rashford was more alert, driving a first-time shot low past Ederson.
Both teams were forced into halftime substitutions in defence — Vincent Kompany off for City, Rojo for United — but the shape of the game didn't change.
Lukaku barely threatened up front for United but he again unintentionally made his presence felt at the other end of the field. He had time and space to deal with Silva's floated free kick in the 54th, yet managed to smash his attempted clearance into the back of teammate Chris Smalling. Just like with the first goal, the ball dropped kindly for a City player, with Otamendi this time powering home the finish.
“We won because we were better,” Guardiola said. “In all departments, we were better.”
——
Steve Douglas is at http://www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
JAKARTA, Indonesia — Indonesia and India agreed Wednesday to upgrade bilateral relations by signing more than a dozen agreements on a broad range of areas including defence, maritime affairs, trade and investment.
After meeting with visiting Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo said they agreed to make their economies open and hoped a comprehensive economic partnership can be completed this year.
The 15 agreements include co-operation in defence, exploration and use of outer space, science and technology, capacity building of public officials, dialogue and interaction between governments and think tanks as well as in health and railways.
Jokowi said that India is Indonesia's largest export trading partner in South and Central Asia with a value of nearly $15 billion while the number of Indian tourists also rose sharply, up 28 per cent to nearly 500,000 in 2017.
A joint statement said the two leaders agreed to hold annual summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
Indonesia was the first leg of Modi's three-nation visit that will also take him to Malaysia and Singapore.
Melaye did not jump out of vehicle, says aide
Special Adviser to Senator Dino Melaye, Gideon Ayodele on Tuesday faulted reports that his principal jumped out of a moving vehicle in an attempt to evade police move to take him to Lokoja, Kogi State capital.
Ayodele in a statement late Tuesday noted that it was not possible for Melaye to have jumped out of a moving police vehicle when he was sandwiched by armed policemen forcing him against his will to Lokoja.
Insisting that “nothing could be farther from the truth”, Ayodele said that the “insinuation is practically impossible for a man saddled between gun-wielding policemen.”
He added that the “incident was a last resort by Senator Dino Melaye in order foil attempt to kidnap him and kill him by agents of Kogi State governor in connivance with the Police.”
The statement entitled “Today's Incident Involving Senator Dino Melaye: A Last Resort” said:
“Sequel to the avalanche of calls by well-meaning Nigerians and supporters of Senator Dino Melaye for enquiries about the well-being and safety of the Senator and against the backdrop of baseless rumours being spread on the social media, we are constrained to make the record straight as follows:
“Earlier in the morning, Senator Dino Melaye as a law-abiding citizen voluntarily submitted himself to the operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) who had laid siege to his private residence since around 3.35pm of Monday, April 23, 2018.
“He, along with his lawyers and personal aides, was driven in his private car to the SARS office in Guzape district of Abuja, sandwiched among the numerous police vehicles earlier deployed to his house.
“For the avoidance of doubt, he had never evaded police invitation before now because there was none extended to him in the first place. Rather, what the Police FPRO, Mr. Jimoh Moshood, had been doing was to summon the Senator through media briefings, a practice which is unconventional.
“But given the media hype the whole saga had generated especially his unwarranted travails in the hands of Immigration officials at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja on Monday, April 23 and the attendant but dramatic police siege to his private residence thereafter, where family members and political associates were subjected to traumatic experience for hours, it became necessary for Senator Dino Melaye to end the drama, hence his choice of appearing before the police today.
“Later on they moved to take him to Lokoja, Kogi State. The public will vividly recall that this same case involving Senator Dino Melaye had already been transferred to Abuja by the Chief Justice of the Federal High Court after Senator Melaye expressed worry about his safety in Lokoja. Now, the question is why will they want to forcefully take him to Lokoja? The Senator believes they are doing the Kogi Governor's bidding in order to assassinate him.
“Contrary to online reports about jumping out of a moving police vehicle; Nothing could be farther from the truth as such insinuation is practically impossible for a man saddled between gun-wielding policemen. Today's incident was a last resort by Senator Dino Melaye in order foil attempt to kidnap him and kill him by agents of Kogi State governor in connivance with the Police.”
The post Melaye did not jump out of vehicle, says aide appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
KINGSPORT, TN (WJHL) – On most days, Sullivan County's Emergency Medical Service deals with life or death situations. But Monday morning the EMS crew stepped up to help out in a different way, partnering with the Salvation Army to collect toys for children in need this holiday season.
It's called Fill the Box – a campaign started by Sullivan County EMS three years ago as a way to give back, collecting toys and money to help make Christmas brighter for the families that the EMS crew serves.
“We're hoping to help the other families that are not as fortunate this year and make Christmas great for all the kids,” said Brittini Newton, a Sullivan County EMS paramedic.
Crews collect new, unwrapped toys and pile them up in the back of two ambulances to help fill any gaps in the Salvation Army's Angel Tree Program.
“We've found that through the years some angels get adopted, but they just don't seem to make it back to us, so we use toy drives like this to collect toys for those forgotten angels,” said Major Joseph May with the Kingsport Salvation Army.
That means more children in the area can wake up to a gift Christmas morning.
“To have the Sullivan County EMS helping us with this effort, it's valuable, it's extremely valuable,” Major May said. “They will ensure that children have a joyful Christmas that might otherwise not have anything.”
Almost all angels in Kingsport have been adopted, Major May says, but for the few left, he said, “The deadline to get angels back is December 19th, that's next Tuesday, so you can still pick up an angel through Saturday and you have until Tuesday to get it back to us.”
It is an effort so close to the hearts of many of the Sullivan County EMS crew members.
“It's very humbling just knowing we're able to help the other families and help the kids,” Newton said.
Sullivan County EMS set up at the Walmart on Fort Henry Drive in Kingsport. They will collect toys until 8 p.m. Monday.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
There was a mass outpouring from fans when Home Fires was cancelled by ITV after two series back in May 2016 – the drama had ended on a dramatic cliffhanger and viewers were distraught not to find out who had (and hadn't) survived that plane crash.
Advertisement
But while the series remains firmly off air, the drama's patient fan base is finally about to get some answers.
Home Fires creator Simon Block is to continue the story of Great Paxford's Women's Institute with three new novels, picking up precisely from that jaw-dropping series two finale.
Set in 1940, the books will chart the villagers as their lives are changed forever by the fighter plane which barrelled into the home of Bryn Brindsley. The first novel in the series – Keep the Home Fires Burning – will be published as a four-part ebook serial with a new instalment released each month from July 2017, and then available as a complete paperback and ebook from autumn.
“When ITV chose not to re-commission the series I was all set to take my characters through the next few months of their lives on the homefront,” said Simon Block. “Their stories were all planned, yet I was left with little choice but to accept the channel's decision.
“But suddenly I saw the remarkable and totally unexpected reaction of fans of the show on social media. It was as extraordinary as it was moving. They began tweeting furiously. Within a few days 20,000 people had signed a petition asking for the decision to be reversed. It rose by thousands every day, despite the fact that the news wasn't widely known.”
Home Fires fans flocked to RadioTimes.com in the wake of the news of the show's cancellation, with 98% of fans voting against the decision in our poll. Just last week, the drama won a second poll of axed shows the deserved to be brought back, pulling in an impressive 5,000 votes.
Speaking of his upcoming novels, Block said: “If it couldn't continue on television, why not in book form? Novels are adapted for the screen all the time, why not the other way round? The stories I'd been ready to write leant themselves perfectly.
“The aim is that those familiar with the TV show will be able to seamlessly continue with the books; while those new to the world of Home Fires will swiftly find themselves brought up to speed and immersed in the stories of the women of Great Paxford.
“Without the incredible support and desire of the show's fans to have the story continue this would not have happened. I can't thank them enough for their passion, humour, and determination to see Home Fires continue. I can't wait for them to embark on the next part of the story with the characters they have so brilliantly taken to their hearts, and kept alive in their imaginations. It's extremely exciting to be going forward together in this way.”
The books will be published by Bonnier Zaffre. The company's publishing director, Eleanor Dryden, hailed the “extraordinary, inspiring, flawed and courageous female characters of Great Paxford's Women's Institute” , adding, “I feel very lucky to be publishing these books in such an exciting way.”
Advertisement
Read more: The creators of Home Fires on what would have happened after THAT plane crash
So far, no store locations have been released but Blue Bell said customers can expect to find their ice cream at most major supermarkets and drug stores. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Ice cream fans rejoice! Blue Bell Creameries has announced that Blue Bell ice cream will be once again sold in WAVE Country next year.
Beginning March 12, 2018, ice cream lovers across Kentucky and Southern Indiana will be able to buy the beloved treat.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Holiday shipping 2017: Important deadlines you need to know
+ Extras needed for movie being filmed in WAVE Country
+ Organization works to end homelessness in Louisville
"It has always been our goal to return to the Louisville and Lexington areas," Wayne Hugo, Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Blue Bell, said. "Our fans ask us all the time when our ice cream will be back in stores. We can't thank them enough for their patience."
Blue Bell is expected to reopen its distribution facility in La Grange. "We have started hiring personnel and will continue to do so over the next few months," Hugo said.
So far, no store locations have been released but Blue Bell said customers can expect to find their ice cream at most major supermarkets and drug stores.
The list of cities that will be served by Blue Bell is as follows:
Kentucky Corbin Elizabethtown Frankfort Henderson La Grange Leitchfield Lexington London Louisville Morehead Mt. Sterling Owensboro Princeton Richmond Shelbyville Somerset
Indiana Evansville Jasper Jeffersonville New Albany Vincennes
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The Columbia school board approved Monday afternoon hiring Perry Central High School football coach Chip Bilderback to lead the Wildcats football program.
Superintendent Jason Harris said in a news release that Bilderback is "one of the top young coaches" in Mississippi.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The COLUMBIAN-PROGRESS.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://columbianprogress.com/user/login
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://columbianprogress.com/existing-subscribers
One of Saudi Arabia's most conservative provinces has demolished a towering concrete sculpture in response to complaints by residents that it resembled a Christian cross.
State-linked local news sites, including NewsQassim.com, say the municipal office for the landlocked, central province of Qassim took down the sculpture on Friday.
Videos and photos posted on social media and local news sites showed the sculpture in ruins after its demolition by bulldozers.
Saudi commentator Akal Al-Akal criticized the demolition in an op-ed in Tuesday's al-Hayat newspaper, saying the sculpture had been there for 25 years and its destruction embarrasses state institutions.
Municipal officials could not be immediately reached for comment.
Mosques are the only legally permissible places of worship in Saudi Arabia, though Christian residents have conducted worship services discreetly without interference.
Kentucky senior left tackle Cole Mosier has sustained a torn right anterior cruciate ligament that ends his Wildcats career.
The 6-foot-6, 335-pound Mosier will undergo surgery on Thursday after injuring the knee during Saturday's scrimmage. He started 13 of 32 career games for Kentucky, including 10 in 2016. Mosier was among four returning starters on a Wildcats offensive line that blocked for a pair of 1,000-yard rushers last season.
Mosier, who walked on and earned a scholarship as a redshirt freshman, is not eligible for a sixth season. The Walton, Kentucky, native called the injury "a big blow" in a release on Monday but thanked Kentucky coaches for everything they did and providing a scholarship that he called "a dream come true."
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
QUESNEL, B.C. — The SPCA says 16 dogs that were kept in crates too small for their size have been seized from a couple in Quesnel, B.C., who had already been banned from owning animals for 20 years.
The organization's chief prevention and enforcement officer Marcie Moriarty says Karin and Catherine Adams were convicted of animal cruelty two years ago but were recently found to have kept dogs in a poorly ventilated area, with little or no access to water and with feces and urine-soaked matting.
She says the dogs, including German shepherds, bull terriers, standard poodles and corgi-border collie crosses, are in SPCA shelters and new charges of animal cruelty will be recommended against the Adams.
Moriarty has also announced two charges of animal cruelty against a man who allegedly neglected 46 dogs and puppies that were seized in February from his rural property north of Williams Lake.
She says Terry Baker kept dogs including American Eskimo, border collie, husky and Samoyed breeds, all of which were highly unsocialized and lacked shelter.
Moriarty says several of the dogs were pregnant and gave birth shortly after coming into SPCA care but were too afraid to let staff near them or their puppies though most of them have now been adopted into new homes.
Kyle Craig | For lehighvalleylive.com
Life under the radar suits Liberty High School football coach John Truby just fine.
The graduation of two Division I players, Jaohne Duggan (Rutgers) and Darian Street (Pitt), combined with the Hurricanes' four-game slide to the finish in 2016 have tempered outside expectations.
All that is fine by Truby, who is entering his fifth season as head coach and is upbeat about his team's chances this fall.
“I really like this group,” he said. “They love each other. They really seem to feed off of each other. If we can just get a couple of the question marks sorted out, I think we'll be a tough out.”
For their part, the players are motivated to break into the conversation in the Eastern Pennsylvania Conference South Division.
“The whole team knows that we're not being looked at as one of the best teams in the Valley,” senior linebacker/H-back Will Kandianis said. “I think we're using that as motivation to make us work harder every day.”
Arturo Vidal has demanded that "11 warriors" take to the field when Bayern Munich host Arsenal in the Champions League last-16 first leg on Wednesday.
Bayern has much cause for optimism having opened up a seven-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga, while they defeated Arsenal at the same stage of the competition in the 2012-13 and 2013-14 seasons.
However, the Bavarians have faced criticism over their performances under Carlo Ancelotti at times this season and Bayern failed to top their group in the pool stages.
Chile midfielder Vidal has earned the nickname "The Warrior" for his full-blooded performances during a distinguished career, but says every player must be willing to make sacrifices to progress to the quarter-finals.
"It is not just me who needs to be a warrior, we need 11 warriors," he told Bild.
"I want that trophy in my hands. This is the dream of every player, but it is probably also the title in club football that is most difficult to win."
Vidal says Bayern also have extra motivation to send captain Philipp Lahm out on a high note after the Germany World Cup winner announced this month that he will retire at the end of the season.
"He's a really great player," he added. "He's won everything, but if he could take his place on the big stage in the final it would be a great thing and we'll give it our all to make Philipp's last game in Cardiff."
When you have a health problem, your first stop is probably to your primary care doctor. If you've found it harder to see your doctor in recent years, you could be tempted to blame the Affordable Care Act. As the health law sought to solve one problem, access to affordable health insurance, it risked creating another: too few primary care doctors to meet the surge in appointment requests from the newly insured.
Studies published just before the 2014 coverage expansion predicted a demand for millions more annual primary care appointments, requiring thousands of new primary care providers just to keep up. But a more recent study suggests primary care appointment availability may not have suffered as much as expected.
The study, published in April in JAMA Internal Medicine, found that across 10 states, primary care appointment availability for Medicaid enrollees increased since the Affordable Care Act's coverage expansions went into effect. For privately insured patients, appointment availability held steady. All of the gains in access to care for Medicaid enrollees were concentrated in states that expanded Medicaid coverage. For instance, in Illinois 20 percent more primary care physicians accepted Medicaid after expansion than before it. Gains in Iowa and Pennsylvania were lower, but still substantial: 8 percent and 7 percent.
Though these findings are consistent with other research, including a study of Medicaid expansion in Michigan, they are contrary to intuition. In places where coverage gains were larger — in Medicaid expansion states — primary care appointment availability grew more.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Given the duration of medical education, it's not likely that thousands of new primary care practitioners entered the field in a few years to meet surging demand,” said the Penn health economist Daniel Polsky, the lead author on the study. There are other ways doctor's offices can accommodate more patients, he added.
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White is reminding motorists to avoid impaired or distracted driving during the July 4th holiday.
The Democrat says those who plan to drink alcohol during Independence Day celebrations should take public transportation, a cab or designate a sober driver.
White cited Illinois Department of Transportation statistics from the last two Fourth of July holidays. Combined, 17 per cent of the traffic deaths during the holiday — six out of 35 — were alcohol-related.
And those driving sober should drive defensively. White says that the rate of alcohol impairment among motorists involved in fatal crashes is 3 1/2 times greater at night than during that day. That's according to the National Highway Transportation Administration.
Texting while driving is illegal and White says such distractions can be deadly.
The first thing I do when I wake up each morning is checked my phone. Most days, I scroll through the usual memes on Twitter and open snaps from friends who unfortunately have to wake up much earlier than I do. However, waking up this Monday, I opened up one snap that sent a chill down my spine. “Holy shit, did you see what happened in Vegas?”
I didn't even respond, as I switched right over to Twitter. I didn't even have to start scrolling through my feed to see tweets about it – #prayforvegas was already all over my timeline. I went to the moments page and started scrolling through the information reporters had tweeted and as I was watching the videos live from the scene, I was shocked that this was the largest mass shooting in the United States.
Then, like every college student, I grabbed my pop tarts and ran to class. Right before our lecture, my friend turned to me and asked if I heard about Vegas, as we compared what information both of us had trying to make sense of the whole situation. Then, she said something that honestly shocked me. She declared, “I bet you that [the professor] won't talk about it in the beginning of class today.”
At first I questioned why she found the need to make that comment, but then she explained her stance. The fact that we are in college to learn, but never seem to cover or discuss current events confused her. Even in an accounting lecture, where we learned about T-charts and crunching numbers, shouldn't the teacher open a conversation about events that affect us all?
There, I realized her truth. If we are experiencing a liberal education, why would it be inappropriate to talk about domestic terrorism in accounting? At that point, I wanted my professor to say something. I felt the urge to want to talk about it. Yet, when the time came, our lecture started, and we moved on.
As the day continued and my Twitter feed kept filling up, the #prayforvegas turned into argument. There were calls to action, and then calls of shame because how dare they politicize this event. Then, there were people trying to call attention to Puerto Rico and other tragedies around the world. It seemed as if everyone had already made their opinion, and the conversation was just getting more heated.
My next class came around, which has a very different environment than the accounting lecture. At the beginning of each class my professor asks, “What's on your mind?” Here, for five to 10 minutes, we crack jokes, talk about issues, or just ask questions regarding past concepts learned in class. Luckily, the first hand raised brought up the events that transpired last night.
We then talked about it. Opinions weren't being shoved down people's throats, people weren't getting mad about what others had to say and it was entirely facilitated by our professor, who doesn't teach about politics, legislation or even current events.
Yet, a discussion about domestic terrorism was exactly what I wanted to have. It not only allowed us to express our thoughts, but quench that uncomfortable nagging we had because something big was on our minds. After our conversation ended and we were content about what we discussed, we could move onto the lesson and fully immersed ourselves in the material.
Having that five-minute talk about an issue we all knew about not only helped get our worries out, but created an environment of support within our class. While many would argue it's unprofessional and unnecessary to talk about current events in classes where they don't relate to the course content, maybe that is exactly what we need to do. Bringing together students and faculty through discussion doesn't just foster a truly liberal learning environment, but helps us relate to each other and exemplify the motto of Love and Honor.
stemmlmf@miamioh.edu
Comments
YouTube
Just a quick update to let you know things are going great with the former Alberto Del Rio, and things are SUPER GREAT with the former Impact Wrestling. Have a great summer, keep in touch, 2good 2be 4gotten.
If you're just joining us, Alberto El Patron and his significant other, Paige, were involved in an altercation at the Orlando airport, which Orlando police began investigating as a potential domestic violence case. No arrests were made, but GFW indefinitely suspended El Patron (their current world titleholder) while they conducted their own investigation. This didn't actually make any sort of difference for their television product, as the pre-taped episodes continued to air with El Patron as world champ.
El Patron also stepped away from his role as president of MMA promotion Combate Americas while all this was going on. Meanwhile, Paige shared her side of the story, and admitted that she was the aggressor in this situation. Orlando P.D. agreed with her, and Patron was cleared of any wrongdoing, but he remained suspended by GFW as they continued their internal investigation.
US, Kenya, Singapore: AIG Completes Multinational Blockchain Insurance Test
American insurance giant AIG has made what appears to be its first foray into blockchain, completing a trial with Standard Chartered today.
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Helios and Matheson Analytics, the parent company of movie ticket subscription service MoviePass, is trying to vertically integrate its business with a new acquisition. It has an "exclusive option" to acquire the library and production slate of Emmett Furla Oasis Films (EFO Films), and the two are launching a new nameplate called MoviePass Films. Despite MoviePass' precarious financial situation (it loses money once subscribers pick up a single ticket in cities like New York and LA) it has expressed interest in making movies to own both sides of the pipeline, with a belief that its service will help pump up marketing.
Tom Brady and the New England Patriots are about to run roughshod through the playoffs.
At least that's the message Brady seems to be giving on Facebook a day after trouncing the Miami Dolphins in the regular-season finale.
Brady went with a “Game of Thrones” theme in the latest issue of TB Times, casting himself in the role of the Night King — which would make the rest of the Patriots his White Walkers. And the headline — “Winter is Here” — will resonate with fans of the series also.
As if the guy wasn't terrifying enough.
Stand up to shutdown
Regarding the article Car-free campus may mean car-free bridge (March 17).
It's a little rich to call the use of University Drive a shortcut when a city the size of London has no east-west route between Richmond Street and Wonderland Road in a five-kilometre stretch from Oxford Street to Fanshawe Park Road.
As someone who pays taxes at three levels of government to support Western University, I don't see how it can arbitrarily decide it's no longer going to allow vehicle traffic.
Perhaps it's time for the grown-ups at city hall to either stand up to the university or, better still, extend Windermere Road to Gainsborough Road.
Sue Gavin
London
Hike the river?
Regarding the article Full steam ahead on city riverfront redo (March 15).
Isn't it comforting to see London will proceed with the forks of the Thames River project? Realizing there will be no Springbank Dam, completing the Thames project will allow summer visitors to gaze out upon the large boulders, general debris and stark riverbanks in the absence of much flowing water. Activity will be reduced to a kayak ride in a trickle of water while navigating creek-bed obstacles. Even the Blackburn Memorial Fountain can't operate consistently due to limited water.
Maybe a hiking path in the river basin might be an activity option.
John Peake
London
Blocked view at Bud
My husband and I recently went to a concert at Budweiser Gardens. This was my husband's first concert and my first concert attending in a wheelchair.
Our tickets were on the first row of the floor. We understand we were attending a rock concert and that people want to stand up when their favourite band comes on. However, when you're in a wheelchair and these people stand up you can't see anything. My husband tried to speak with the people blocking my view. Some cared, others didn't. Nor did the attendants working at the event.
People with accessibility issues are entitled to enjoy a concert as much as the next guy.
Budweiser Gardens needs to find a better solution so that everyone can enjoy a concert, and be able to see the stage properly.
Sarah Benevides
Courtland
The star of the Victoria Christmas special is an eight-year-old girl called Sarah who is rescued from slavery and given to the Queen
In the Victoria Christmas special, we meet Sarah – a little girl with an extraordinary history. Rescued from slavery in West Africa by Captain Forbes, she is given to the Queen as a “gift” and spends the festive period with the royal family.
Advertisement
The girl we see on screen is Sarah Forbes Bonetta, played by Zaris-Angel Hator – and yes, she did really exist. Here is what happened to her:
Who was Sarah, the slave girl given to Queen Victoria as a “gift”?
Sarah Forbes Bonetta (born “Aina”) was a child of Yoruba royalty and a princess of the Egbado clan in West Africa. When she was only four or five years old, the brutal army of Dahomey attacked her village, decapitating her parents and slaughtering her siblings.
The orphaned princess was kept as a slave in the court of King Ghezo, whose army had killed her family. He was a notorious slave trader, but Aina was apparently destined to become a human sacrifice.
It was during a visit to King Ghezo that Captain Frederick E Forbes of the Royal Navy was able to rescue her. He was on a mission to convince the King to abandon slavery, and managed to bargain for the girl's life by convincing Ghezo to give her to Queen Victoria. He later wrote in his journal: “She would be a present from the King of the Blacks to the Queen of the Whites.”
Forbes took her back to England, re-naming her after himself and his ship the HMS Bonetta: she became Sarah Forbes Bonetta, also nicknamed “Sally”. Forbes was very fond of his charge and impressed by her quick learning and talent for music, writing that she was a “perfect genius” was amazing strength of mind and affection.
Was Sarah sent to live with Queen Victoria at Christmas?
In ITV's Victoria, we see Captain Forbes reluctantly presenting Sarah at the Palace as a “gift”. The eight-year-old spends the festive period living with the royal family and playing in the royal nursery, but she is desperately unhappy and misses her surrogate mother Mrs Forbes.
This is close to what happened in real life – but there has been some dramatic license.
The Queen first met Sarah at Windsor Castle on 9th November 1850. The monarch (who felt herself opposed to racism) recognised her royal blood by calling her a princess, and was extremely impressed by her intellect. Queen Victoria became Sarah's godmother and invited her to make regular visits to Windsor.
But Sarah never actually moved in as part of the royal household: instead, the Queen found guardians to look after her, and paid for her education and upbringing.
Did Sarah carry on living with Captain Forbes and his family?
Unfortunately, early in 1851, disaster struck when Captain Forbes died.
Around this time, Sarah developed a chronic cough. This was attributed to the climate of Great Britain, so the Queen had her sent to Sierra Leone where it was hoped that warmer temperatures might improve her health. From the ages of eight until 12 she lived unhappily in Sierra Leone, attending the Church Missionary Society school where she excelled academically.
Queen Victoria arranged for her return in 1855, and sent her to live with the middle-class Schoen family in Gillingham. Sarah remained in touch with her godmother the Queen, even attending her daughter Princess Vicky's wedding in 1862.
What happened to Sarah when she grew up?
When she was 19, Sarah received a marriage proposal from Captain James Pinson Labulo Davies – a wealthy businessman and also a Yoruba. He was more than a decade older than her and already widowed. She initially turned him down, but the Queen approved the match and Sarah had no financial independence if she refused.
The marriage went ahead, with a huge wedding in Brighton with guests both white and black. Luckily it proved happier than Sarah had initially expected, and the newlyweds moved to Africa where they had three children: Victoria, Arthur and Stella.
Sarah's first-born daughter Victoria Davies was, of course, named after Queen Victoria herself. Together they made a trip back to England in 1867 and the Queen fell in love with the five-year-old girl, becoming godmother to little Victoria as well and paying for her education.
This was Sarah's last trip to see the Queen. She had been unwell for many years, and in 1880 died of tuberculosis on the Portuguese island of Madeira at the age of only 37.
When she died, the Queen wrote: “Saw poor Victoria Davies, my black godchild, who learnt this morning of the death of her dear mother.”
Advertisement
Victoria will return to ITV in 2018
Iowa State quarterback Jacob Park will not play against No. 3 Oklahoma on Saturday for undisclosed medical reasons.
The school announced Friday that Park is taking a leave from the team to work through personal health issues. He remains a member of the squad.
Iowa State coach Matt Campbell is not certain of a timeline for Park's return, and said he cannot discuss issue. Campbell said Iowa State is focused on “supporting one another in difficult times.”
Park has completed 62 per cent of his passes and has nine touchdown passes and five interceptions this season.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
Humankind is eager to step out into the cosmos and wander across the deserted plains of the Red Planet. According to most reports, Elon Musk is leading the way with SpaceX; however, a number of other organizations — NASA, China's Space Agency, The Mars Society — are training, deploying prototypes, and working on the plethora of questions and challenges that we will face when attempting to bring the first human beings to Mars.
But, as much as it might seem natural to get entrenched in the details of how we will actually get humans off of planet Earth (and keep them mentally and physically healthy throughout the duration), it is critical that we remember why we're going in the first place.
In a recent interview, Buzz Aldrin — the renowned astronaut, engineer, and (of course) the second human to ever step foot on the Moon — explained why exploration and discovery are so important, touching upon why we should (and why we will) have humans on Mars in 20 years…
We've now surveyed and scrutinized almost every inch of this planet, but there is so much we have yet to learn. We've now surveyed and scrutinized almost every inch of this planet, but there is so much we have yet to learn.
Aldrin begins by stating that, from both a scientific and technological perspective, we are at the perfect juncture to push the boundaries of exploration. He asserts that, thanks to recent advancements, for the first time in human history, voyaging to other worlds is truly within our reach: “Now is the time to start thinking seriously about what life on Mars might look like. We have never been closer to knowing and exploring another planet.”
When asked just how close we really are to achieving this feat, Aldrin was quick to respond with his timeline, saying that we could “have the first Human Martians at Mars by 2040."
Aldrin continued by segueing into a discussion of why venturing to other worlds is important, noting that, in many ways, our planet is ancient and familiar and the other bodies in our solar system are, for all intents and purposes, virgin territory: “Space travel and exploration represents the final frontier – we've now surveyed and scrutinized almost every inch of this planet, but there is so much we have yet to learn.”
However, Aldrin states that the most notable aspects of this quest are about far more than just acquiring knowledge for the sake of knowledge or conquering new worlds. The journey to Mars will bring with it reignited excitement for science and innovation, creating a generation of young people who have ingrained within them a thirst for understanding and exploration.
This interior view of the Apollo 11 Lunar Module shows Astronaut Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr., lunar module pilot, during the lunar landing mission. NASA
Remembering A Race
When Buzz stepped onto the Moon in 1969, countless youth were captivated by the story and went on to pursue careers in STEM fields, hoping to achieve monumental feats of similar proportions.
Indeed, Aldrin is very aware of the impact that action in science has on the youth, stressing that, “we can only get there [to Mars] if we start investing in future generations.” Ultimately, as previously noted, he says that this investment is the key to long-term success: “In 1903, man learned to fly airplanes. Only 66 years later, we walked on the Moon. In order to help the next generation to make giant leaps like these, we must educate, enable and inspire them to be passionate about subjects like science, technology, engineering, art, and math.”
Aldrin notes that he has devoted himself to helping foster such a desire in young people, saying, “That's the mission of the SpaceShare Foundation, and it's one I wholeheartedly support.”
Aldrin's Space Share Foundation is a nonprofit organization that is dedicated to inspiring children's passions for science and technology by providing educational tools to educators across the country at no cost. The goal of this work is to ensure that all young people are given the resources that they need to live up to their potential. After all, one never knows who the next Carl Sagan could be.
As Former President Barack Obama noted in a speech at the Frontiers Conference, “America is about Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers—but we're also the place you can grow up to be a Grace Hopper, or George Washington Carver, or a Katherine Johnson, or an Ida B. Wells. We don't want somebody with a brilliant idea not in the room because they're a woman. We don't want some budding genius unavailable to cure cancer or come up with a new energy source because they were languishing in a sub-standard school as a child. Because we're going to be a better team if we got the whole team.”
Aldrin echoes these ideas, noting that, while reaching Mars in the next 20 years is extremely likely, it will only happen if we ensure that young people are given every opportunity to be the best that they can be: “Sometimes I can't believe this lucky kid from New Jersey got to land and walk on the Moon…work hard and keep reaching for the stars.”
Related Stories:
This article was originally published on Futurism.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Apollo Astronauts Reunite to Celebrate 50th Anniversary 00:01:03
UEFA Champions League: Salah shines as Liverpool beat Roma
Liverpool took a big step towards the UEFA Champions League final with a 5-2 win over AS Roma in their semifinal, first leg at Anfield on Tuesday. Two late Roma goals, however, will give the Italians, who came back from 4-1 down to beat Barcelona in the previous round, some hope of an upset in the return game next Wednesday. Two superbly taken goals from Mohamed Salah gave Jurgen Klopp's side a 2-0 lead at halftime and Liverpool ripped Roma apart after the break.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today." Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today." Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks told of alleged...
NPR host Tom Ashbrook, right, shown in 2014 with then-Democratic candidate for governor of Massachusetts Don Berwick, is accused of sexual misconduct. (Source: Gretchen Ertl/AP Images for Massachusetts School of Professional Psychology)
BOSTON (AP) - The host of one of National Public Radio's most successful programs has been placed on leave while he's investigated for allegations of wrongdoing including engaging in "creepy" sex talks and unwanted contact with 11 mostly young women and men.
The allegations against "On Point" host Tom Ashbrook include unwanted hugs and neck and back rubs to other people associated with the show. They were contained in a document and confirmed in multiple interviews by WBUR-FM, the Boston station that produces the show.
The station and station owner Boston University have hired an outside firm to investigate.
Ashbrook was put on leave last week. He says "once the facts come out" people will see him for who he is - "flawed but caring and decent" in his dealings with others.
"On Point" is carried by more than 290 NPR stations.
___
This story has been corrected to show Ashbrook has been placed on leave, not suspended; the station is not calling the allegations sexual misconduct; and the station and ownership, not the network, are investigating.
___
Information from: WBUR-FM, http://www.wbur.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BECKLEY, W.Va. (AP) - Police say a West Virginia woman allegedly set on fire by her boyfriend has died.
Beckley police Sgt. Morgan Bragg says 48-year-old Belinda Cox died at a Pittsburgh hospital on Wednesday night. Media outlets report that 47-year-old Dwayne Michael Lane was arraigned Thursday on a murder charge in Raleigh County Magistrate Court.
According to a criminal complaint, witnesses told police Cox was doused in gasoline and a paper towel and lighter were used to ignite the fluid on Sept. 17. She was found unresponsive in a neighbor's yard. Authorities later learned that Cox and Lane had argued.
Lane also faces charges of arson, child neglect, kidnapping and domestic battery. He was being held without bond in the Southern Regional Jail. It wasn't immediately known whether Lane has an attorney.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — New York Jets running back Matt Forte and defensive lineman Kony Ealy will miss Sunday's game against the Cleveland Browns because of injuries.
Forte will be sidelined for the second straight game while recovering from turf toe. Bilal Powell is expected to get the start a week after he rushed for a career-high 163 yards against Jacksonville.
Ealy has a shoulder injury and is coming off a big game in which he had an interception and four passes defenced.
Coach Todd Bowles on Friday also ruled out cornerback Darryl Roberts (hamstring) and linebacker Josh Martin (ankle). Defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson (shoulder) and cornerback Juston Burris (foot) are questionable.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Week of 1/2/17
ON AIR:
Listen to Jill to win:
Tues-Fri @ 11a: "Monster" Resolution/ A pair of tickets to check out the Monster Jam on Sunday, January 22nd, at the Alamodome. PLUS- you are qualified for the GRAND PRIZE: to be a judge at Monster Jam! -Tickets are on sale now/ KISSRocks.com for details
Listen to Randy to win:
Tues-Fri @ 4p: "Monster" Resolution/ A pair of tickets to check out the Monster Jam on Sunday, January 22nd, at the Alamodome. PLUS- you are qualified for the GRAND PRIZE: to be a judge at Monster Jam! -Tickets are on sale now/ KISSRocks.com for details
________________________________________________________________________________________
ONLINE CONTESTS:
Every week throughout football season: Win a $25 McDonald's Arch card in the KISS Pigskin Picks...
1/2-1/8: Register to win a $100 Visa card and a run of engagement for Underworld: Blood Wars starring Kate Beckinsale in theatres January 6, 2017.
On the KISSrocks App:
“Monster Jam Monday” 1/2 only: Make sure your app alerts are turned on and you'll be the first to know when it's your chance to enter to win a pair of tickets to check out the Monster Jam on Sunday January 22nd, at the Alamodome. -Tickets are on sale now
Some 107,000 women applied for 140 positions at Saudi Arabia's passport office within a week of the jobs being posted online, local media reported.
Women gather outside an immigration office in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Fayez Nureldine / AFP/Getty Images file
The General Directorate of Passports announced via Twitter on Jan. 18 that it was looking for female applicants for roles at airports and the country's land borders.
The overwhelming level of interest "amazed" officials who subsequently closed the online application process, the Arab News newspaper reported.
Applicants were required to have a high school degree or the equivalent and be aged between 25 and 35.
This latest sign of women's pent-up desire to work comes amid huge social changes sweeping the Saudi Arabia as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman seeks to turn around the oil-dependent economy and return it to more "moderate" Islam.
Other signs of change include September's royal decree allowing women to drive this summer and letting women and girls attend sports events.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM DEC. 7: First all-female music concert in Saudi capital sells out 0:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Female unemployment in the kingdom stands at around 33 percent — compared to an overall rate of 12 percent.
Strict gender segregation long inhibited women's working outside the home, although rules and customs around male and female mixing has relaxed in recent years.
We don't want to milk it - but this year's pantomime at Sunderland Empire looks udderly great.
The cast of Jack and the Beanstalk - including Daisy the Cow - are well in the swing of rehearsals ahead of opening night on Friday.
Jack and the Beanstalk rehearsals at Kathleen Davis Stage School Janine Duvitski as The Vegetable Fairy
We had a sneak peek of what to expect as the cast went through their scenes with young dancers from Kathleen Davis Stage School, Shameem Karim
School of Performing Arts and The Worx - Dance Theatre Arts.
Donning her crown as Princess Jill is Jade Natalie from TV channel Nick Jr's Go!Go!Go! programme.
She said: “We started rehearsals last week and we had our first full run through today and it's going really, really well. People can expect a lot of fun and surprises and some great musical numbers.
Jack and the Beanstalk rehearsals at Kathleen Davis Stage School David Barratt as Jack
“It's fantastic to perform for kids, they are the best audience you can get because they're so honest and the kids in the show are brilliant too, they're super talented.”
Speaking about her character, she said: “She's very feisty, she knows what she wants and is a nice, strong female character.”
Jade will be joined on stage by Janine Duvitski from Benidorm as the Vegetable Fairy, Bill Ward from Emmerdale and Coronation Street as Fleshcreep, Philip Meeks as Dame Trott and Legally Blonde the Musical's David Barrett as fairy tale hero Jack.
Kathleen Davis, principal at the Kathleen Davis Stage School in High Street West said appearing in pantomime was a great stepping stone into the world of theatre for young Sunderland dancers.
Jack and the Beanstalk rehearsals at Kathleen Davis Stage School From left David Barratt as Jack and Bill Ward as Fleshcreep
She said: “This is such a wonderful opportunity for them to take part in a professional production. They practice all year and work really hard so to win a place in the panto is the icing on the cake and gives them something to aspire to.
“Working with professional performers like this really inspires them and gives them the chance to see a production from the beginning to the end, from the audition stage, through to rehearsals, to opening night and then in front of an audience.
“The cast are great with them, a lot of them have gone through stage school themselves so they know what it's like.”
The eight dancers from Kathleen Davis Stage School will rotate the dance roles with the other two schools when the show opens for a three week run from Friday.
Jack and the Beanstalk rehearsals at Kathleen Davis Stage School From left David Barratt as Jack and Bill Ward as Fleshcreep
The 24 local dancers won the roles after auditions held at the Empire earlier this year.
Performances will include a relaxed performance at 5pm on Wednesday, December 27 which is autism-friendly.
•Jack and the Beanstalk is at Sunderland Empire from December 15 until January 7. Tickets are available from the ticket centre on Tel. 0844 871 3022* or www.ATGtickets.com/Sunderland
Jack and the Beanstalk rehearsals at Kathleen Davis Stage School
Jack and the Beanstalk rehearsals at Kathleen Davis Stage School Janine Duvitski as The Vegetable Fairy
Nick Grimshaw has shocked listeners by announcing he will leave the Radio 1 breakfast show
The popular DJ announced on his show this morning that he would be stepping down at the end of the summer.
The announcement comes two weeks after new data revealed that Grimshaw's show had recorded its second lowest audience figures since current records began.
His programme shed 600,000 listeners in the first quarter of this year, pulling in 5.1 million listeners a week in the first three months of 2018, compared with 5.7 million a week in the last quarter of 2017, according to audience research body Rajar.
Grimshaw, who took over the early morning radio programme in 2012 from Chris Moyles, said he's "really tired" and had the position for much longer than he first thought he would.
The DJ told his listeners on Thursday morning: "Come September it will be six years... I've decided it's time for a change, time for a new show and, most importantly, it's going to be time for a new wake-up time... preferably about 11.30."
He said he will remain on BBC Radio 1 on the drivetime show in a job swap with James.
Grimshaw joked that he "ain't had a good night's sleep since God knows when" and that he has had "jet lag for six years".
James appeared on the programme and admitted to feeling nervous about announcing his new role as the Breakfast Show presenter.
He told Grimshaw: "I did not sleep one hour last night just thinking about it... it's too much."
James added that it's a "big challenge" and he's "ready to give this a go".
Grimshaw said in a statement: "I had the time of my life. I've decided it's time for a change and a new show.
"I love Radio 1 and can't wait to get on with the new time slot and the removal of all alarms from my house.
"I'm so happy to be swapping shows with my friend and yours Greg James, and can't wait to wake up to him each morning. Not literally. Just on the radio. Unless he's up for it."
In a statement, James said: "I am completely beside myself that I've been given the chance to present the most famous radio show in the world.
"It really doesn't get any bigger than this and I really want to build on the great work Grimmy has done.
"The listeners have become like mates during the 10 years I've been on air, so to be there when they wake up is a real honour.
"They're always front and centre and this will of course be the case on the new breakfast show. It's going to be the most enjoyable challenge I've ever undertaken and I can't wait to get started."
Apple Watch Series 3 is on track to launch this fall, with shipments expected to begin in the fourth quarter of this year. Apple partner Quanta Computer will enjoy a successful end to 2017 as a result, with revenues already up as a result of increased demand for notebooks and servers. Apple Watch Series 3 []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
By Tim Stannard
1) Barça press cry disaster after Valentine's Day dumping
Think of Barcelona as the faithful family dog that has given 10 years of loyal, joyful service but now has the odd 'accident' on the carpet. It's a good way to assess Tuesday's Champions League implosion against PSG.
Did football's Fido eat something dodgy found under the sofa? Are its back legs wobbling with unpredictable bowels but it is still good for a few more years? Does Fido need a new owner to take care of it properly? Or is time for a visit to the 'farm' in the country?
Haven't seen Messi and Neymar look that confused since they were presented with a Tax return form. pic.twitter.com/20NuOXWcjQ — Paddy Power (@paddypower) February 15, 2017
Those will be the discussions both in the freaked-out Barcelona media over the next few days and also on beIN SPORTS as the tea-leaves of That Night in Paris are sifted through. The reaction in Wednesday's press was stunned panic with 'Mundo Deportivo' yelling a Trump-esque ‘Disaster!' and 'Sport' crying ‘This is not Barça.
Portadas europeas de la debacle del Barça en París https://t.co/WrvO9oAVJM — Mundo Deportivo (@mundodeportivo) February 15, 2017
Tune into the XTRA at 7PM ET / 4PM PT followed by the Locker Room as the channel's vet techs give the owners some good or bad news that could see the tissues being brought out.
2) Madrid face madness of Maradona and Napoli
The one set of fans who will be privately enjoying Barcelona troubled evening but too wary to jump for joy in public are Real Madrid's. That's because something similar could be in store against a flamboyant Napoli with Maradona in tow in the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday night in the team's own Champions League clash.
With opposition coach, Maurizio Sarri, promising to play the same all-attack, gung-ho way – “madness” says the manager himself - the match could end up either a masterstroke of Serie A sizzling football or a naïve disaster that a solid Madrid will lap up.
Either way, Coach Zizou warns that his team are going to suffer every minute. The Frenchman will be hoping that is not the case with Cristiano Ronaldo who has not scored in the Champions League for a whopping 433 minutes. Chances a set to be a plenty in Madrid, and the good people can catch that game live on beIN SPORTS from 2:45PM ET / 11:45AM PT.
3) Arsenal look to avoid history repeating. Again.
Now Sports Burst loves the obvious, lazy joke and Arsenal tend to fit that bill every time the side plays in the Champions League.
In theory, a double-header against Bayern Munich in the Champions League looks like the same old story for the Gunners with the English outfit having fallen at the same last-16 hurdle six years in a row. Twice against Bayern, as it happens.
But maybe a sluggish, aging Bayern is going to run aground in the Allianz Arena against a bounding Arsenal team that might actually be prepared for a game for once? "We want to perform well, take responsibility and secure a positive result," boomed goalkeeper, David Ospina. Those highlights and reaction will also be on the XTRA from 7PM ET / 4PM PT.
4) Griezmann put off by wet weather from EPL move
Antoine Griezmann's move to Manchester United looked all but inevitable this summer, but images of the likes of Chelsea playing Burnley in sideways sleet from last weekend appears to have cooled the Frenchman's sun-loving heels.
“There is rain, bad weather... I need to be happy outside," mused Atletico's mighty man up front when quizzed on what the footballer's next move could be.
5) Tom Brady's big ambitions
It seems that Tom Brady is going to be around for a few more years to come. In a chat with SI the ever-popular, but ever-successful quarterback revealed that he'd “like to play until my mid-forties,” largely based on cunning concepts as eating healthily, exercising and practicing on a regular basis. This could catch on.
"I'm not going to give away my power." Here's why Tom Brady doesn't hold a grudge over Deflategate: https://t.co/Gqg1u7uINf pic.twitter.com/HAwa5vMFK4 — SI NFL (@si_nfl) February 15, 2017
WHAT IS SPORTS BURST?
The life philosophy of Sports Burst is that if you are not upsetting someone, then you are not trying hard enough. SB is a daily trawl and troll through the morning's sports news to bring you fact-nuggets to make you both smile and swear. Hopefully at the same time.
Gorgutsa's shirts aren't the only health-monitoring garments in development. Researchers from different backgrounds are converging on new ways to diagnose or monitor people with clothing, even in remote places. Eventually, clothes like this may help emergency first responders, people in sleep clinics trying to monitor restrictions in sleep and, of course, newborns.
Newborn babies were also the inspiration for Sona Shah, an entrepreneur based in Chicago who in 2015 was a graduate student in a program that combined health care, engineering and international development. She read about neonatal infant mortality, and was surprised to discover one reason it was so much higher in low-resource settings:
“There are so many critically ill babies, and not enough people to watch them,” she said. Nearly 3 million babies die in their first month of life every year, and 98 percent of these deaths occur in the developing world.
Related: Watch This Jet-Powered Exosuit Turn Inventor into Real Life Iron Man
Shah and her co-founder created a baby hat that doubles as a wearable vital signs-monitor to quickly identify when newborns are in distress. The hat keeps tabs on a baby's pulse rate, oxygen saturation and temperature -- data that are typically monitored in a modern hospital setting, but hard to collect in more resource-challenged facilities.
The information is then sent to a tablet, where one nurse can see the vitals of each patient in the room. “Ultimately we hope to extend what we are doing to rural settings, including a mobile app so a doctor who is not even in the room can monitor patients,” said Shah.
There are a few things that set Neopenda — the company Shah started — apart from other baby-monitoring systems. Shah said the device is clinical-grade, and its power lasts 5-7 days. Each hat only costs around US$75; the company is planning to sell them in packages and include a tablet with each batch. They are launching the product first in Uganda, and they hope to expand to other settings where resources are scarce.
Related: Godlike 'Homo Deus' Could Replace Humans as Tech Evolves
Clothing is by far the most interesting way to get information from the human body, said Jesse Jur, a textile researcher at North Carolina State University in Raleigh. “Sure, we already have patches and wristbands,” he said. “But what is different about a garment is you have access to a much larger surface area against your skin. In addition, you can make your electronics invisible.”
Jur's lab has created iron-on electronics for garments. They created a tight shirt that monitored heart performance and sent the data wirelessly to a smartphone. Other research is going into creating new types of sensors to gather information on things like stress, or environmental factors like air quality.
“Cardiovascular disease is one of the leading causes of death for firefighters,” he said. “And monitoring stress levels and efficiencies for police officers or soldiers could be really useful.” Those applications could be an interesting stepping stone to broader applications for everyone, he said.
Related: These Smart Contacts Could Transform Diabetes Care
His lab is also working on ways that clothes can actually harvest the energy from the body to support the electronics. “The idea is that you don't need to plug in your wearable; it just charges as you put it on,” Jur said.
He points out that around 10 watts of power are available from a person's body heat and everyday motion. That could be more than enough power for medical devices to operate without batteries.
Eventually, everyone could be a walking environmental sensor and health data gatherer. Those data could even transform clinical trials, experts hope. And as health-monitoring clothes trickle down from first responders to athletes and students, more possibilities will open up.
“Wearable sensors are such an exciting and new space, in every setting,” said Neopenda's Shah. “They're getting cheaper, smaller and easier to use.”
This story was originally published on June 6, 2017.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
JACKSON, Miss. — Mississippi lawmakers pushed ahead Friday with a bill to ban most abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy, which would be the earliest ban nationwide and create a possible court challenge.
Mississippi already bans most abortions after 20 weeks. It's tied with North Carolina for the nation's earliest ban.
Members of the Republican-controlled House on Friday passed House Bill 1510 by a vote of 79-31, with Republicans and some Democrats supporting it. The measure would allow exceptions if a woman's life is endangered or a fetus has a severe abnormality. The bill goes to the state Senate for more debate.
House Judiciary B Committee chairman Andy Gipson, R-Braxton, in House chambers at the Capitol in Jackson, Miss. on Feb. 2, 2018. Rogelio V. Solis / AP
House Judiciary B Committee Chairman Andy Gipson, a Braxton Republican, said Mississippi wants to prevent women from being adversely affected by abortion.
"Women deserve real health care, not some fake health care that involves the destruction of human life and a woman's health," said Gipson, a lawyer and Baptist minister.
Felicia Brown-Williams, state director for Planned Parenthood Advocates Southeast, has called the proposal unconstitutional, saying the U.S. Supreme Court won't allow bans before a fetus can live outside the womb.
"This is just another fancy way of telling a woman what to do with her body and when to do it," said Rep. Sonya Williams-Barnes, a Gulfport Democrat. She and other opponents said they found it hypocritical that anti-abortion advocates were focused on child and female health in this bill, saying the state neglects those issues later in life.
Related: Satanic Temple challenges Missouri's abortion law on religious grounds
"Do you feel the state of Mississippi really cares for our children, given the way they treat the born children in this state?" asked Oscar Denton, a Vicksburg Democrat.
Mississippi already bans most abortions after 20 weeks after a woman's last menstrual period, which is tied with North Carolina for the nation's earliest ban according to the Guttmacher Institute, a group which opposes abortion restrictions. Other states with 20-week bans start counting pregnancy two weeks later.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump becomes first sitting president to address 'March for Life' rally 1:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The move comes as abortion opponents nationwide are probing whether the U.S. Supreme Court will approve laws that limit abortion before a fetus is viable outside the womb, the dividing line that the high court set in its 1973 ruling saying that women have the right to terminate pregnancies.
Randy Beck, a law professor at the University of Georgia, said a 2007 Supreme Court ruling that allowed certain abortion procedures to be banned opened the possibility of moving away from viability. But 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned efforts by Arkansas and North Dakota to impose earlier bans in 2015, and the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear those states' appeals in 2016.
From left, Terri Herring, a long time Mississippi abortion foe, speaks with House Judiciary B Committee chairman Andy Gipson, R-Braxton, from left, and Rep. Chris Brown, R-Nettleton, outside chambers at the Capitol in Jackson, Miss., following the passage of House Bill 1510, which could make the state the first to ban most abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy, on Feb. 2, 2018. Rogelio V. Solis / AP
The Mississippi bill would allow exceptions if a fetus wouldn't survive outside the womb, or when the woman is threatened with death or permanent impairment of a "major bodily function." Those are the same exceptions in the current 20-week ban.
Rep. Becky Currie, the bill's sponsor and a Brookhaven Republican, said it was appropriate for Mississippi to impose an earlier threshold to cut off abortion, saying most women have known for months that they're pregnant.
"At that time, it's time to decide whether you're going to carry this child or not," Currie said.
Related: Trump blasts Roe v. Wade in satellite address to anti-abortion rally
No one has legally challenged Mississippi's 20-week ban, but Diane Derzis, who owns the state's only abortion clinic in Jackson, has said she passed on a challenge because her Jackson Women's Health Organization didn't perform abortions after 20 weeks. However, she said Tuesday that her clinic does perform abortions for about three weeks past the new proposed ban. Gipson said state records show about 200 abortions a year are performed on women who are between 15 and 20 weeks pregnant.
The U.S. Senate on Monday rejected legislation designed to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy. The vote was 51-46, shy of the 60-vote threshold to advance the legislation.
(AP Photo/Nick Wass). Washington Nationals starting pitcher Erick Fedde (23) leaves the game due to an apparent injury in the second inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox, Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Washington.
(AP Photo/Nick Wass). Boston Red Sox' Rafael Devers, right, slides home to score past Washington Nationals catcher Pedro Severino on a sacrifice fly by Jackie Bradley Jr., during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Washing...
(AP Photo/Nick Wass). Boston Red Sox' Eduardo Nunez, right, runs towards home to score on a wild pitch by Washington Nationals relief pitcher Ryan Madson (44) during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Washington.
(AP Photo/Nick Wass). Boston Red Sox' Rafael Devers, left, slides home past Washington Nationals catcher Pedro Severino to score on a sacrifice fly by Jackie Bradley Jr., during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Washingt...
By STEPHEN WHYNO
AP Sports Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - Struggling outfielder Jackie Bradley Jr. drove in two runs, Eduardo Rodriguez struck out six in six scoreless innings and the Boston Red Sox shut out the Washington Nationals 3-0 on Wednesday to complete a three-game sweep and send the preseason NL East favorites below .500.
The Nationals (42-43) have lost five in a row to fall below .500 this late in the season for the first time since being 60-61 on Aug. 21, 2015.
A throwing error by Adam Eaton on Bradley's sacrifice fly caught in foul territory and a wild pitch by Ryan Madson (2-4) in the seventh inning contributed to Washington's 17th loss in 22 games.
Bradley scored Eduardo Nunez twice, first on a sacrifice fly and then a double in the ninth. It's just the second time all season Bradley had multiple RBIs in a game without hitting a home run.
Rodriguez (10-3) allowed just three hits and one walk to make the Red Sox the first team in the majors with a pair of 10-game winners, joining Rick Porcello. He surrendered two singles to Trea Turner and a bunt single to catcher Pedro Severino while striking out Bryce Harper and not allowing a runner past second base.
Getting to Madson in the seventh and getting some insurance off Kelvin Herrera in the ninth allowed Boston to improve to 22-6 this season in series finales.
Madson was the Nationals' fourth pitcher after starter Erick Fedde left with an undisclosed injury one batter into the second inning and gave way to left-hander Matt Grace, who allowed just one hit and struck out four in four innings of relief. It was Grace's longest major league relief appearance.
Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel picked up his 26th save in 28 chances.
JUAN OFF
Impressive Nationals rookie Juan Soto got most of the day off after starting 19 games in a row and playing in the completion of a suspended game. He lined out to second as a pinch-hitter in the eighth and stayed in to play left field.
"I had to get him off his feet for a little bit," manager Davey Martinez said. "If we had 365 games, I'd love for him to play 365 games. But I understand the game and I've been around a long time to know that guys need a break."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: Manager Alex Cora said LHP Drew Pomeranz (biceps tendinitis) would most likely make a second rehab start early next week. ... RHP Tyler Thornburg was activated from the disabled list after rehabbing from shoulder surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome last June.
Nationals: 1B Matt Adams was activated after missing 16 games with a broken left index finger. To clear room, LHP Tim Collins was designated for assignment. ... C Matt Wieters (left hamstring strain) is doing some catching, but still hasn't done enough running to be ready to return.
UP NEXT
Red Sox: After a day off, LHP Chris Sale (8-4, 2.41 ERA) brings a 15-inning scoreless streak into his Friday start at Kansas City, which is expected to start Jason Hammel (2-10, 5.56).
Nationals: RHP Jeremy Hellickson (2-1, 2.63) will look to last at least six innings to spare a heavily used bullpen when Washington faces RHP Pablo Lopez (1-0, 3.00) to open a four-game series against the Miami Marlins.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Even though Gary Kubiak is stepping down as the Broncos head coach here are five teams who should hire him as their offensive coordinator.
For the second time in his career, Gary Kubiak's health has forced him to relinquish a head coaching job. It's sad because he's truly a great coach. However, with his health creating issues, Kubiak has probably coached his last NFL game.
That doesn't mean he's completely done on the sidelines. Kubiak is a brilliant offensive mind and could elect to serve as an offensive coordinator somewhere. Teams will definitely be interested because of his track record. He last served as the offensive coordinator for the Baltimore Ravens, helping the franchise set several records during the 2014 NFL season.
While Kubiak likely can't handle the stress of being a head coach, he was able to handle being the Ravens offensive coordinator. With several teams having offensive coordinator vacancies, he likely won't have to wait long to be hired again. Here are five NFL teams who should hire Gary Kubiak.
5. New England Patriots
The New England Patriots could be looking for a new offensive coordinator. Currently, Josh McDaniels holds the role. However, multiple teams have expressed a desire to interview him for a head coaching job. Knowing McDaniels, it would surprise no one if he decides to take another shot at coaching.
Kubiak could be an excellent fit in New England if they lose their offensive coordinator. With Tom Brady nearing 40 years old, Bill Belichick might be exploring ways to make the offense more balanced. Kubiak can do so better than anyone else.
It would admittedly be a bit of a weird dynamic between the two. But a Kubiak and Belichick tandem could take the Patriots to another Super Bowl. At the same time, it's worth noting New England likes to stay in house when they have to replace coaches. But someone like Kubiak might be an exception.
4. Washington Redskins
Much like the Patriots, the Washington Redskins might need to find a new offensive coordinator. Their current one, Sean McVay, is reportedly being pursued by the Los Angeles Rams.
Redskins offensive coordinator Sean McVay tenatively set to interview for the Rams job on Thursday. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) January 2, 2017
Granted, this is a bit of a longshot. But nothing can be ruled out. If the Redskins lose McVay, they lose the architect of one of the NFL's top offenses. Washington will have to replace a very efficient coordinator. So why not go to Gary Kubiak?
The Redskins would be an interesting fit for him. Certainly, having a quarterback as proficient as Kirk Cousins has to be tempting for Kubiak. He was able to accomplish a lot with Joe Flacco in 2014. Imagine what he could do with an even better quarterback in Cousins.
At times this season, the Redskins got away from their running game. Kubiak could help them get back to it while still keeping their passing game fresh. He would also have a lot of great weapons at his disposal, arguably the best he has ever had.
This obviously isn't a fit if McVay doesn't leave. There's no reason to fire him. But if the Redskins have to replace McVay, Kubiak is by far the best candidate to replace him.
3. New York Jets
Perhaps no team in the NFL needs an offensive makeover more than the New York Jets. The best way for them to do so would be to hire Gary Kubiak. However, would he want to get involved with such a messy team?
If Kubiak decides to go to the Jets, he'd at least give their offense some stability. He has experience working with a variety of quarterbacks, so no matter who's under center for New York in 2017, he could have success. Of course, Kubiak will have a number of teams to pick from, so he might not want to go to the Jets. Especially not with his former team the Baltimore Ravens needing an offensive coordinator.
It would take some impressive selling by the Jets to get Kubiak to buy in. However, it's worth noting owner Woody Johnson is willing to pay the big bucks to get talent. Maybe he can offer Kubiak enough money to make the Jets job more tempting.
If New York's going to win over Kubiak, they'll have to do a few things. First, he'd probably want to know who the 2017 quarterback for the Jets will be. That determines a lot. Secondly, they'd have to convince him they're heading in the right path. If the Jets can do that, they might have a productive offense in 2017.
2. Atlanta Falcons
Under Kyle Shanahan's tutelage, the Atlanta Falcons had the league's highest scoring offense in 2016. They averaged over 30 points per game and ranked second in total yards per game. However, the Falcons' success could be the biggest reason why the Jacksonville Jaguars have expressed interest in Shanahan. If they lose him, Gary Kubiak would be a perfect fit for Atlanta.
Since Shanahan and Kubiak are very close, their two offenses aren't much different. They both revolve around zone blocking. Both offenses rely on an offensive line and skilled player to produce points consistently.
Not only that, the Falcons could be very tempting for Kubiak as well. He'd get to work with Matt Ryan, who might be the 2016 NFL MVP. Julio Jones would be the best receiver Kubiak has ever worked with. He'd also have the league's fifth most productive rushing attack in the NFL to work with.
Should Shanahan leave for the Jaguars or another team, Kubiak would ensure the Falcons don't lose much from their 2016 offense. Consistency is important. Ryan just had his most productive year. So why change anything? Losing Shanahan could be fatal for the Falcons, but not if they replace with Gary Kubiak, the only guy who could replace him effectively.
1. Baltimore Ravens
Gary Kubiak is very familiar with the Baltimore Ravens. He has been vocal about how much he loved his one season as their offensive coordinator. In 2014, Kubiak nearly led the Ravens to their third Super Bowl. They challenged the New England Patriots, nearly upsetting them in the second round.
Entering the offseason, the Ravens need a new offensive coordinator. They likely won't keep Marty Mornhinweg, their interim offensive coordinator. With the clock ticking on their contention and their Super Bowl window closing, the Ravens must go back to Kubiak.
Under him, quarterback Joe Flacco has one of his best seasons. They also had a stellar running game. 2016 was a rough year for Baltimore's offense. It's hard to remember they were quite good as recently as 2014. Conveniently, that's when Kubiak was their offensive coordinator.
In 2016, the Ravens offense ranked 21st in scoring, 17th in total yards, 12th in passing yards, and 28th in rushing yards. Compare that to 2014, when they were eighth in scoring, 12th in total yards, 13th in passing yards, and eighth in rushing yards. Baltimore got lucky by finding Kubiak in the first place. Who says luck can't strike twice?
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
Condolences, sympathy and offerings of support poured in over the weekend after the Heap family endured an unthinkable tragedy when former Ravens tight end Todd Heap accidentally hit and killed his 3-year-old daughter with his truck.
Heap is widely known as a genuine NFL figure who has lived life with his wife, Ashley, and five children at the center. The football community has posted countless messages of prayer and love for the Heap family:
Peter Boulware, long-time Ravens teammate, per The Baltimore Sun: “This is very sad. Todd is an incredible family man, and family has always been extremely important to him. His kids are very important, plus he is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. This breaks my heart. He knows that our prayers and the prayers of the Ravens extended family go out to him. If there is anything we can do, he knows we will reach out. I have five kids myself, so I can't imagine anything like this.”
Jonathan Ogden, another long-time Ravens teammate, per The Baltimore Sun: “This is so disturbing. I can't imagine the pain he is going through right now,” Ogden said. “He has got to carry this the rest of his life, and he is going to think about it quite often. Man, there are no words. There is nothing I can say to tell you how I feel right now. Our thoughts and prayers are with him and his family. He has to keep the faith, got to keep moving and somehow get on with his life. This is just terrible and I just wish there was something I could do. I'm at a loss for words. I feel for him.”
Statement from the Baltimore Ravens organization: pic.twitter.com/P6arCBU7mP — Baltimore Ravens (@Ravens) April 15, 2017
Team statement on the Heap tragedy. pic.twitter.com/cRx3nVFvOc — Arizona Cardinals (@AZCardinals) April 15, 2017
Our thoughts and prayers go out to #SunDevil4Life Todd Heap and his family. pic.twitter.com/VzC3QYxFb0 — Sun Devil Athletics (@TheSunDevils) April 15, 2017
Prayers and thoughts surround the Todd Heap family today, and always.  https://t.co/D0HMLFohqk — Ray Lewis (@raylewis) April 15, 2017
Heavenly Father please be with the Heap family………. — Eric Weddle (@weddlesbeard) April 15, 2017
Absolutely gutted for Todd Heap and his family. Thoughts are with them in this incredibly tough time. — JJ Watt (@JJWatt) April 15, 2017
So heartbroken for the Heap family. I pray for God's comfort during this excruciating loss of life. https://t.co/G6NM9hpL6w — O.J. Brigance (@OJBrigance) April 15, 2017
Feel absolutely gutted for the Heap family. Praying for God's hand on them and friends who speak truth! — danny woodhead (@danny__woodhead) April 15, 2017
Prayers going up this morning for Todd Heap and his family — Tavon Young (@Tyoung_NL) April 15, 2017
A grandmother is enjoying a double celebration after she was named the UK's best nurse just weeks after marking her 50th birthday.
Julie Noble, who is a carer at Jack Dormand Care Home in Horden, was given the honour as part of the prestigious National Care Awards 2017.
National Care Award Nurse of the year Julie Noble with residents Margaret and Ted Beadle. Picture by FRANK REID
The award was given to Julie in recognition of her “outstanding clinical and managerial qualities”, while demonstrating “a high level of dedication” to residents at Jack Dormand, which is in Fourth Street.
To celebrate her incredible achievement, the HC-One-run home held a party with staff and residents, with the company's chief executive officer Justin Hutchens attending to congratulate Julie.
Julie, who lives in Easington Lane and has three children and seven grandchildren, has been a nurse at the home for four-and-a-half years.
She credits her traditional upbringing, as the youngest of nine children, for instilling in her a love of people and a desire to make a difference for the people she supports.
Julie said: “The whole thing has been just lovely.
“I'm not an attention-seeking person really. I like to just come in and get on with my job, so to be recognised like this is something a bit different.”
After a portfolio was sent down to judges, Julie had to journey to London to answer questions before a panel.
“I couldn't believe it when they told me I'd won,” added Julie, who used to work at Sunderland Royal Hospital before moving into the private care sector when she wanted a different challenge.
“Things like this don't happen to people like me, but I'm delighted.
“We have great residents and amazing staff at the home, and HC-One is a brilliant company to work.
“I worked for Four Seasons before and they were great as well.
“They really do believe in caring for people.”
As well as a surprise party where Mr Hutchens congratulated Julie, kind messages and presents have flooded in for her.
“I've even come into work to be told that a gentleman has offered me to use his caravan for a week's holiday.
“How nice is that? It's been overwhelming.”
The National Care Awards are the UK care sector's leading annual national awards ceremony.
The awards are highly coveted by social care professionals, and winners are recognised as being at the very pinnacle of their profession.
Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin signed the "Leeper Act" on Wednesday, June 14.
Bevin was the Paducah Area Chamber of Commerce in Paducah, Kentucky where he joined state and local officials to sign the recently enacted Senate Bill 11.
The legislation, known as the "Leeper Act," lifts Kentucky's 33-year-old moratorium on nuclear power plant construction.
McCracken County is home to the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant, which produced enriched uranium from 1954 until 2013 and employed more than 1,000 residents at its peak.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer has pretty notorious foot-in-mouth syndrome. Recently, he's gotten some heat for saying Hitler never never used chemical weapons on his own people, and then immediately referred to concentration camps as "Holocaust centers." He is, at this point, a sentient facepalm.
SEE ALSO: Read the White House Easter Bunny's resignation letter
Well, Spicer's talking woes only continued today when he was tasked with reading books to some children during the White House's Easter Egg Roll and he would like to make the following clarifications:
1. Peter Rabbit does not necessarily “embody the spirit of Josef Stalin.”
View photos WASHINGTON, DC - APRIL 17: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer reads the childrens' book 'How To Catch The Easter Bunny' during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people are expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) More
Image: Getty Images
2. In See Spot Run, Spot is not “running from the Assad regime.”
View photos WASHINGTON, DC - APRIL 17: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer reads the childrens' book 'How To Catch The Easter Bunny' during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people are expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) More
Image: Getty Images
3. They do not say goodnight to “the benevolent President Trump” in Goodnight Moon.
View photos WASHINGTON, DC - APRIL 17: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer gives a high-five to a boy who sat next to him while he read the childrens' book 'How To Catch The Easter Bunny' during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people are expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) More
Image: Getty Images
4. The Giving Tree does not represent “what's wrong with socialism.”
View photos WASHINGTON, DC - APRIL 17: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer reads the childrens' book 'How To Catch The Easter Bunny' during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people are expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) More
DVD/ Blue-Ray/ Video
The Complete Toy Story Collection
Goon
Audiobook on CD
Cell One by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
Psychopolis: From the Collection In Between the Sheets by Ian McEwan
Unwirer: From the Collection Wireless by Charles Stross
Books
Accident by Andra Tsurumi
All the Wind in the World by Samantha Mabry
AN Arizona Christmas by William W. Johnstone
ASVAB Core Review
The Bad Mood and the Stick by Lemony Snicket
Badlands by Melissa Lenhardt
Ben Franklin's in my Bathroom! By Cadance Fleming
The Bogus Bondsman by Paul Colt
Cucumber Quest 1: The Doughnut Kingdom by D.G. Gigi
The Dollhouse: A Novel by Fiona Davis
Draw the Line by Kathryn Otoshi
E-Waste by David M. Barker
Eugenia Lincoln and the Unexpected Package #4 by Kate DiCamillo
Far From the Madding Crowd by Thomas Hardy
The Half has Never Been Told: Slavery and the Making of American Capitalism by Edward E. Baptist
The Last Chance by Mike Blakely
The Littlest Train by Chris Gall
Look! What Do You See?: An Art Puzzle Book of American and Chinese Songs by Bing Xu
Murder Wears Mittens: A Seaside Knitters Mystery by Sally Goldenbaum
Pashmina by Nidhi Chanani
The People vs Alex Cross by James Patterson
The Player King by Avi
Promise Not to Tell by Jayne Ann Krentz
Ranger Games: A Story of Soldiers, Family, and an Inexplicable Crime by Ben Blum
Red Rain by R.L. Stine
The Rooster Bar by John GrishamSeriously Hexed by Tina Connolly
Somewhere Else by Gus Gordon
The Soviet Night Witches: Brave Women Bomber Pilots of World War II by Pamela Dell
The Mortal Coil by Emily Suvada
Tool of War by Paolo Bacigalupi
Unbound: A Stone Barrington Novel by Stuart Woods
Unstoppable: True Stories of Amazing Bionic Animals by Nancy Furstinger
The War I Finally Won by Kimberly Brukaber Bradley
The Whispering Room: A Jane Hawl Novel by Dean R. Koontzz
The Whiz Mob and the Grenadine Kid by Colin Meloy
William Jefferson Clinton by Ann Heinrichs
Paperback
61 Hours, a Reacher Novel by Lee Child
American Assassin: A Thriller by Vince Flynn
Bendigo Shafter by Louis L'Amour
Bliss by Lynsay Sands
Cold-Hearted Rake by Lisa Kleypas
Cross the Line by James Patterson
Curtain of Death: A Clandestine Operations Novel by W.E.B. Griffin
Dash of Peril by Lori Foster
Dreamer's Pool: A Blackthorn & Grim Novel by Juliet Marillier
Echoes in Death by J.D. Robb
Filthy Rich: A Powerful Billionaire, The Sex Scandal that Undid Him, and ALl the Justice that Money can Buy: The Shocking True Story of Jeffery Epstein by James Patterson
The First Mountain Man: Preacher's Kill by William W. Johnstone
The Footprints of God by Greg Iles
Foreign Affairs by Stuart Woods
Frontier Destiny: Preacher the Epic Continues by William W. Johnstone
Indigo Lake by Jodi Thomas
The Jenses Brand by William W. JohnstoneJust a Little Christmas by Janet Dailey
A Killing in the Hills by Julia Keller
Late Bridget's Diary by Maya Rodale
Last One Home: A Novel by Debbie Macomber
Law of the Gun by Elmer Kelton
Long, Tall Cowboy Christmas by Carolyn Brown
A Lowcountry Wedding by Mary Alice Monroe
Night Visitor by Melanie Jackson
No Middle Name: The Complete Collected Jack Reacher Short Stories by Lee Child
Only Enchanting Survivor's Club Novel by Mary Balogh
Power Play by Joseph Finder
Ring of Fire by Brad Taylor
The Scot Beds his Wife by Kerrigan Byrne
Scotsman of my Dreams by Karen Ranney
The Scotsman Who Saved Me by Hannah Howell
Six Degrees of Scandal by Caroline Linden
Someone to Love by Mary Balogh
The Trouble with Christmas by Debbie Mason
Third Degree by Greg Iles
Tom Clancy: True Faith and Allegiance by Ton Clancy
A Town Called Fury by William W. Johnstone
The Trouble with Mistletoe by Jennifer Snow
Venom of the Mountain Man by William W. Johnstone
Wolf at the Door by Christine Warren
FULLERTON, Calif. — Tommy Rutherford scored 17 points on 7-of-9 shooting and Evan Leonard had 14 points, six rebounds, seven assists and two steals on Saturday night to help UC Irvine beat Cal State Fullerton 63-58.
Eyassu Worku added 12 points for UC Irvine (11-14, 6-3 Big West). The Anteaters have won three in a row and five of their last six.
Kyle Allman made a layup, a jumper and hit 1-of-2 free throws and, after Worku made two foul shots, Austen Awosika converted a 3-point play to pull Fullerton (12-8, 5-3) within five points with 54 seconds to play. Worku hit two more free throws to make it 57-50, but Awosika and Allman sandwiched 3-pointers around a pair of free throws by Leonard to trim the deficit to 59-56 with 29 seconds left. UCI made 4 of 6 free throws, and the Titans missed 3 of 4 from the field, from there to seal it.
Allman led CS Fullerton with 20 points and Awosika added 16.
Several N.F.L. teams determined cheerleading programs had a scarcity problem on game days. If cheerleaders were on the sideline dancing, none were available to serve as scantily clad hostesses who could mingle with fans high up in the cheap seats or in the luxury suites, where teams catered to big-money customers.
To address that shortcoming, some teams created a different kind of cheerleading team — one whose members did not do any cheering or require any dance training. They were hired mainly for their appearance. Their visits with male fans, the teams believed, produced a better game-day experience, akin to the approach of the Hooters restaurant chain.
In interviews with a dozen women who have worked for N.F.L. teams as noncheering cheerleaders and six others who had direct knowledge of the noncheering squads, they described minimum-wage jobs in which harassment and groping were common, particularly because the women were required to be on the front lines of partying fans. The fans had no reason to believe these women were not actual cheerleaders because the women often dressed exactly like the cheerleaders dancing on the field or nearly the same.
“It's a really big secret, and now you know about it,” said Jackie Chambers, 33, a model with more than a decade of experience who worked as a Houston Texans noncheering cheerleader last season. “But teams don't want fans to know about it. All of the cheerleaders are supposed to blend in with each other.”
WASHINGTON — One man could get Congress to ban bump stocks: President Donald Trump.
And it could take the power of the presidency to overcome the power of gun-rights activists at a time when the National Rifle Association and its allies on Capitol Hill are trying to kick the debate out of the legislative arena and to a federal agency that has ruled it won't regulate devices that allow guns to fire rapidly.
If Trump weighs in — for or against new restrictions on bump-stock regulations — he could be decisive, Republicans say.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Republicans Open Door to 'Bump Stop' Regulation 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Nobody gives me more cover in my district than Donald Trump," said Rep. Tom Rooney, R-Fla., a former Army prosecutor whose central-Florida constituents favored Trump 62 percent to 35 percent over Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election.
"They believe in Donald Trump and they believe that if he thinks they should be illegal, they should be illegal," he said, referring to bump stocks.
GOP officials are clearly torn between the instinct to defend gun rights and the political risk of doing nothing in the face of the deadliest shooting rampage in modern U.S. history. And while top Republicans have signaled an openness to discussing bump stock legislation — Speaker Paul Ryan told MSNBC's Hugh Hewitt that he wanted to "look into" the issue — they have stopped far short of calling for action.
At the same time, the NRA and supportive lawmakers are pushing to move the discussion from Congress to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
That would spare the gun-rights advocates from the kind of free-wheeling gun-control debate that might ensue if a bump stock ban makes it to the floor of the Senate. It would also ensure the decision is made by an agency that has essentially ruled — during the Obama administration — that bump stocks are legal.
The NRA's Wayne LaPierre and Chris Cox on Thursday called on the ATF to "review whether these devices comply with federal law."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House 'Certainly Open' to Gun Bump Stock Legislation 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations," they said in a joint statement.
Rep. Adam Kinzinger, R-Ill., who said he wants to ban bump stocks, sent a similar request to the ATF along with several fellow lawmakers. He told reporters Thursday that he thinks Congress isn't equipped to outlaw them effectively.
"Let's be honest about what would happen with a legislative solution," Kinzinger said. "Once that has the force of law, somebody could create a new device not named in that law which would technically be legal."
Either way, the path to prohibiting bump stocks runs through Trump.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said after the NRA's announcement Thursday that the president is open to a discussion of new gun-control measures in the wake of the Las Vegas massacre.
"We would look at taking any step we could to prevent something like this from happening again," she said. "We want to be a part of the conversation moving forward." She also reiterated that the president supports the Second Amendment right to bear arms.
Brian Darling, a Republican strategist who supports gun rights and has worked on the issue, said Trump could influence the way gun-backing GOP lawmakers look at bump stocks.
"If Trump were to weigh in on this issue, it would move numbers of votes in the House and the Senate," he said.
Darling believes that a bump stock ban is likely to happen and that gun-rights groups should be focused on how to stop further action.
"The fight is making sure that a ban on bump stocks doesn't become a vehicle for other initiatives pushed by Democrats," he said.
Every pregnant woman's sex life is different, but often, levels of desire follow the course a roller coaster as much as the pregnancy itself does.
During the first trimester, physical and hormonal changes may deter you from getting busy, while increased vaginal lubrication and blood flow to the pelvis in the second trimester usually boosts the libido. Yet in the third trimester, the body tends to go into nesting phase, often reducing sex drive. In fact, 92 percent of pregnant women had problems with arousal, orgasm and satisfaction after 36 weeks of pregnancy, an April 2017 study in the Alexandria Journal of Medicine found.
WHAT EVERY MAN SHOULD KNOW ABOUT SEX AFTER PREGNANCY
Regardless of the course you and your partner take, here's what to know before jumping into the sack with a baby on board.
1. Don't: Have sex if you have a high-risk pregnancy.
A number of conditions may make sex inadvisable for you during pregnancy, Dr. Hilda Hutcherson, a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Columbia University Medical Center in New York City, told Fox News. Those conditions include a placenta previa, a shortened cervix or a cervical cerclage (stitch) for an incompetent cervix, and preeclampsia.
2. Do: Make sex a priority if you can have it.
Thanks to the hormone oxytocin, which is released during orgasm, sex can reduce stress and anxiety.
Sex can also help you strengthen the bonds with your partner before your baby is born, as studies show that the years after the birth of a baby are not only stressful, but they can cause your sex life to decline.
If you and your partner are up for it, having sex can help you stay connected, strengthen your relationship, and help you ease into your new life after your baby is born, Dr. Erica Marchand, a licensed psychologist in Los Angeles who specializes in sexual and relationship issues, told Fox News.
6 ED RISK FACTORS THAT HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH AGE
3. Do: Try different positions.
In the first trimester when your belly is still small, any sex position will do. After about 16 weeks as your uterus gets bigger, however, missionary position or any position where you're lying flat on your back isn't a good idea.
“It can compress the big blood vessel behind the uterus called the inferior vena cava and restrict blood flow return to the heart and women will feel a little lightheaded or like their blood pressure is going down,” Dr. Alyssa Dweck, a board-certified OB/GYN in Mt. Kisco, New York, and author of “The Complete A to Z for Your V,” told Fox News.
Instead, try positions that take all pressure off the uterus: on top, side by side or from behind.
4. Do: Choose the right lube.
Thanks to pregnancy hormones, you'll notice an increase in vaginal discharge, also known as leucorrhea, which can make the need for a sexual lubricant unnecessary.
If you do use a lube, however, stick with a water-based type and avoid petroleum-based lubrications, mineral oil or cooking oils, which can cause a change in the pH of the vagina or small nicks that promote infection, Dweck said.
10 BENEFITS OF HAVING SEX EVERY COUPLE SHOULD KNOW
5. Do: Try other forms of intimacy.
If you can't have sex or aren't feeling up for it, find other ways to keep the intimacy going strong in your relationship, like by kissing, cuddling, having oral sex, and engaging in mutual masturbation.
If you have oral sex, your partner should never blow air into your vagina because, although rare, it could cause a venous air embolism (VAE), a blocked blood vessel, which can be life-threatening for you and your baby, Dweck said.
6. Don't: Have sex after your water breaks.
Sex won't start your labor if you're full term or past your due date, but the prostaglandins in semen may help to ripen the cervix and orgasm can cause uterine contractions. So if you're in the mood, there's no reason not to do it.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
7. Do: Talk about it.
Just as your desire for sex can change throughout your pregnancy, your partner's can as well. In fact, men's testosterone levels can decline as pregnancy progresses, a December 2014 study in the American Journal of Human Biology found.
Pregnancy and the birth of a baby can change your sexual relationship, but if you keep the lines of communication open and work together, your sex life can be even better than it was before.
Julie Revelant is a health journalist and a consultant who provides content marketing and copywriting services for the healthcare industry. She's also a mom of two. Learn more about Julie at revelantwriting.com.
(AP Photo/Charles Zoeller). Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York.
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway (all times local):
1:10 p.m.
Law enforcement is stepping up patrols at Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority train stations after a pipe bomb went off in a crowded subway corridor in New York City.
Boston police say that while there doesn't appear to be a specific threat to the area at this time, police are increasing their presence at major MBTA train stations.
MBTA Transit Police Superintendent Richard Sullivan says he contacted the Joint Terrorism Task Force and state and local law enforcement agencies in the wake of the Monday explosion.
Sullivan says additional EDU teams- bomb detecting dogs and their handlers -will be deployed through the system.
The crude pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Massachusetts State Police are monitoring the investigation
___
12:40 p.m.
Law enforcement officials say the 27-year-old man who set off a pipe bomb in the New York City subway came to the U.S. from Bangladesh seven years ago with a type of preferential visa for people with relatives who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
The officials say Akayed Ullah was living in Brooklyn. They say he told investigators Monday he was inspired by the Islamic State group to carry out an attack, but had no direct contact with the terror group. They say he is speaking with investigators from his hospital bed. The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands
Officials say he assembled the crude device in his apartment. Investigators are talking to witnesses and his family.
The people spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Bangladesh has been expanding its anti-terror operations after grisly attacks killed dozens of people.
Three others suffered minor injuries in the blast.
-By Colleen Long and Michael Balsamo.
___
Noon
The mayor of Paris is expressing support for New York City and those wounded in a pipe bomb explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area.
Mayor Anne Hidalgo said Monday that "New York has been by our side each time we have been hit by attacks and threats, and Paris is also by the side of New York."
Hidalgo, whose city has been hit by multiple attacks in recent years, said she was thinking of New York Mayor Bill De Blasio after Monday's blast.
Speaking ahead of an international climate summit, she said "when something like that happens in one of our cities, we are all on alert."
A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State Group went off in a crowded subway corridor, injuring the man and three others.
___
11:55 a.m.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he has ordered extra security at mass transit hubs in his state following the pipe bomb explosion in a passageway near Times Square in Manhattan.
New Jersey Transit buses have resumed normal service Monday into New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal.
New York City also has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
___
10:20 a.m.
New York City has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota (LOH'-tuh) says trains on the Seventh and Eighth avenue lines were still bypassing the Times Square corridor as the investigation proceeded Monday morning. But he says overall service is back to normal.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
Police say he attached the device to his body with Velcro and zip ties.
- By Colleen Long
___
10 a.m.
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system.
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb, but it's not clear if he meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour.
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody. Officials say he sustained burns to his abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded.
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
- By Colleen Long
___
9:55 a.m.
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to his body in the New York City subway.
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say he is in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb.
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:45 a.m.
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident.
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to him and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square.
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries. The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody.
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack. He says it's lucky the suspect didn't achieve his ultimate goals.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:40 a.m.
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man's hands behind his back.
Soot covers the man's bare midriff.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday.
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
- Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Asians are least likely to be promoted to managerial or executive positions in the San Francisco Bay Area's technology sector, even as they are the largest minority group of professionals and are most likely to be hired, according to one study.
The findings come from a report entitled “The Illusion of Asian Success,” released in October by the Ascend Foundation, a nonprofit that advocates for Asians in business.
The group analyzed publicly available data from the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) as well as several companies' self-published EEOC diversity reports. The data set ranged from 2007 to 2015 and includes hundreds of companies in the San Francisco Bay Area, among them Apple, Facebook, and Google.
The study found that diversity in technology leadership roles had generally stagnated over the last decade, despite the Bay Area being home to what the Ascend Foundation calls “one of the most heterogenous populations” in the country.
In 2007, 1 percent of tech executives were black, according to data analyzed by the Ascend Foundation, while 3.5 were Hispanic. In 2015, 1.1 percent were black and 3.4 Hispanic.
“If you look at the diversity programs put together as a sector, as a region, as a whole, as a collective, the industry has failed,” Buck Gee, coauthor of the report and Ascend executive advisor, told NBC News.
Among the key findings:
Asian women were the least represented group as executives when compared to their representation in the tech industry's professional workforce, even as white women were more successful in reaching the executive level than all minority men or women.
Black and Hispanic representation in the professional workforce had declined, despite efforts to hire more underrepresented minorities, and they were much less likely than whites to become executives. In 2007, 2.5 percent of the tech industry's professional workforce was Black while 5.2 percent was Hispanic, according to data analyzed by Ascend. In 2015, 1.9 percent was Black and 4.8 percent Hispanic.
The data did show that the overall number of minority executives increased 27 percent from 2007 to 2015, with data showing that Asians had the largest jump of 59 percent, from 2,041 executives in 2007 to 3,238 in 2015.
But while that number may seem significant, the study maintains that Asians were actually not as successfully promoted to the executive level as they were recruited into the technology sector.
The claim comes from the fact that Asians accounted for just 1 in 4 executives in 2015, according to the report. Yet they made up 47 percent of the Bay Area tech sector's professional workforce — the largest among all racial groups, according to the report.
Whites, while accounting for a similar chunk of the workforce, represented nearly 69 percent of executives, the study said.
“The common perception is that there are plenty of Asians in high level positions, executive positions in tech,” Gee said. “The fact is, there are. The thing that's misunderstood about it is that on a relative basis, we're underrepresented relative to our numbers in the workforce.”
The study also found there was very little change between 2007 and 2015 for any race in the percentage of managers over the percentage of professionals, a quotient it calls the “management parity index.”
That finding counters the belief that millennials — a group said to be more comfortable in diverse and inclusive workplaces — will bridge the executive gap for Asians, blacks, and Hispanics, according to the report.
“You would expect more millennials, as they come into the workforce, as they grow in the workforce in their companies, that they'd be promoted,” Denise Peck, coauthor of the report and an Ascend executive advisor, said. “But really, things haven't changed.”
The study concluded that Asians in the Bay Area tech sector were not only least likely to be executives in 2015 — they were, in fact, the only minority group underrepresented in middle management — but also least likely to become executives in the near future.
"For Asians, there's no issue with attracting them and getting them into the companies,” Peck said. “But the focus is really on developing the talent and promoting them into leadership positions."
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
U.S. stocks fell sharply Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropping by more than 650 points.
The decline sent the Dow below the psychologically important level of 26,000, which it had just broken through for the first time two-and-a-half weeks ago. The Dow's decline of 2.5 percent was mirrored in other major indices. The S&P 500 fell 2.2 percent, and the Nasdaq Composite declined 2 percent.
Friday capped an already tough stretch for the markets, with the Dow logging its worst week in two years.
The market has surged in the "Trump rally" as analysts priced in projected higher earnings from the prospect of corporation-friendly tax cuts, regulatory rollbacks and infrastructure investment under the new administration.
But investors sold off Friday on fears that a stronger-than-expected jobs report would spur the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates more than expected. Higher interest rates for debt can spur investors to pull money out of the stock market to put into bonds.
"For months I've been saying the market is underestimating what the Fed will do in raising interest rates," Jurrien Timmer, director of global macroeconomics for Fidelity Investments, told NBC News. "In December, traders thought there would be two to three more hikes. Now it looks like three to four more hikes."
And nothing kills a bull market like rising rates. The "good news, bad news" can feel like a whipsaw for investors and shows the delicate balance of keeping the economy's fire humming — one that analysts say Trump is dumping gasoline on by adding tax cuts to an economy already on the upswing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Dow drops more than 650 points: Should we be concerned? 2:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But, said Timmer, it was overall healthier for the market to take notice of interest rates now rather than ignore them and have a big crash. Sort of like "eating your vegetables," he said.
The stock market decline might not do much to bolster optimism, but economic data continues to bolster the case that the U.S. is doing just fine. The U.S. added 200,000 jobs during January versus the 190,000 expected, the U.S. Labor Department reported Friday. The fastest accelerating wage growth of the recovery, 2.9 percent, heightened the prospect of tighter monetary policy and a higher interest rate increase, analysts said.
President Donald Trump has repeatedly taken to Twitter to tout the stock market gains as a sign of his administration's success, and cited the Dow's gains in speeches and appearances.
On Jan. 14, he quoted in two tweets a Fox Business Network contributor who said the "most explosive Stock Market rally that we've seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election" had "reversed our economic decline" and was "all Trump."
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we've seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2018
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney. @foxandfriends — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2018
Trump's Twitter feed was silent Friday on the market downturn. The tweets instead highlighted the positive jobs report numbers, took jabs at the FBI and Democrats as the White House approved the release of a controversial House GOP memo alleging an FBI cover-up, and retweeted a positive story about his State of the Union address performance this week.
While some pundits questioned whether the incendiary memo was dousing the stock market blaze, experts said the market downswing was all about the numbers.
"Sometimes we get something from out of the blue from other areas, but it really comes back to basic fundamentals of economics," Timmer said. "It comes down to the nuts and bolts of earnings, interest rates, liquidity and value."
DUBAI – Amid intense competition for the anticipated listing of Saudi Aramco – the world's largest oil company, owned by the Saudi state – stock exchanges and financial-market regulators are under pressure to provide incentives for the company to dual-list its shares abroad. The United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) seems to be bowing to that pressure.
Last month, the FCA issued a proposal to relax listing conditions for state-owned issuers wishing to qualify for the London Stock Exchange (LSE) Premium Listing Segment – the exchange's “gold standard” segment, governed by stringent regulations. The proposal is presented as a mere technicality, but it is significant for reasons that extend beyond Saudi Aramco. In fact, it implies that regulators now believe that state-owned enterprises (SOEs) deserve special regulatory treatment.
In its consultation paper, the FCA states that “sovereign owners tend to be different from private-sector individuals or entities both in their motivations and in their nature.” It is a valid assumption – and precisely the reason why SOEs should notbe given preferential regulatory treatment.
Yet the FCA's proposal would exempt SOEs accepted to the Premium Listing Segment from rules on related party transactions, if more than 30% of ownership is sovereign. In practice, this would mean that transactions between a listed SOE and the state would not be subject to the approval of minority shareholders. A listed SOE could therefore continue to perform social obligations unrelated to its core business, with shareholders unable to interfere.
The debate over the FCA proposal reflects a broader struggle that has been going on in capital markets since 1993, when the Stockholm Stock Exchange was converted into a privately held firm. After that, developed-country stock exchanges increasingly functioned as profit-oriented utility companies, rather than as sources of national pride, like airlines or sport teams.
As this shift has taken place, some powers were removed from stock exchanges, in order to safeguard against potential conflicts of interests, including the temptation to dilute regulatory standards to secure profitable listings. These powers were transferred to financial regulators, who were assumed to be sufficiently independent and therefore insulated from political pressure.
The FCA proposal suggests that this assumption may no longer be credible, at least not in a United Kingdom hurtling toward Brexit, which has put the City of London's reputation as a leading global financial center at risk. The question is whether this proposal is indicative of a new regulatory race to the bottom – and, if so, what consequences investors might face.
To put matters into context, emerging-market companies account for a majority of the capital raised globally – 63% in 2008-2011, according to OECD estimates. SOEs account for 23% of total emerging-market capitalization, compared to a global average of 13%.
International stock exchanges remain of interest to large emerging-market companies, including SOEs, which may be unable to attract sufficient foreign institutional investors at home. Already, a number of blue chip Middle Eastern corporates are listed on the LSE, though none complies with the Premium Listing Segment requirements.
Moreover, governments in a growing number of emerging-market economies in the Middle East and elsewhere are considering privatizing energy and industrial SOEs. For example, Abu Dhabi's national oil company, ADNOC, has announced plans to list its own retail business. That is why the FCA is looking to introduce a structural exemption, instead of simply making an exception for Saudi Aramco.
Yet SOEs carry particular governance risks, exemplified in the corruption investigation into Brazil's Petrobras, which is listed domestically and on the New York Stock Exchange. The retreat of government-linked companies from Russia and Central Asia from the LSE in recent years reflects similar risks.
The FCA proposal assumes that “investors and the market are sufficiently able to assess the additional risks arising from sovereign ownership.” But this is questionable. Leading international marketplaces are dominated by institutional investors, a growing share of which are passive index followers that lack incentives to invest in governance oversight. Last year alone, passive funds grew 4.5 times faster than actively managed funds, narrowing the gap between the $23.9 trillion in actively managed assets and $6.7 trillion in passively managed assets.
The rise of passive investors, such as Vanguard Asset Management, is facilitated by the same regulators who are encouraging the relaxation of listing standards for SOEs, as they seek to ensure lower management fees in the asset-management industry. With the expansion of passive investing set to continue, it is plausible that international institutional investors will have even less incentive to monitor governance in the long term.
But active institutional investors may also be unable to play a stewardship role. For example, Norwegian Government Pension Fund Global, the world's largest sovereign-wealth fund, has complained about Snapchat's inclusion in the FTSE, which prevents it from voting its shares, even as it is forced to invest, since it tracks the index. While the inclusion of SOEs in the LSE's Premium Listing Segment does not guarantee their inclusion in the FTSE – the latter requires 50% free float for non-UK issuers – one derogation could pave the way for another. And, in fact, without inclusion in the FTSE, the motivation for listing SOEs in the LSE's Premium Listing Segment is unclear.
In any case, if listed SOEs are included in global indexes, investors would be exposed to companies that can transact with their government owners, without consulting other shareholders. While it may seem excessive to require the Saudi government, which owns 95% of Aramco, to consult with the remaining shareholders, an LSE Premium Listing usually requires just 25% equity.
The FCA proposal to give preferential treatment to SOEs clearly puts institutional investors at risk. This is the case for developed-economy investors, who may follow indexes or lack the resources to engage in stewardship with politically powerful SOEs. And it may be the case for emerging-market investors, if local regulators or exchanges also exempt SOEs from corporate-governance requirements.
The political economy of capital markets today does not reward those who resist a regulatory race to the bottom. The ball is in the regulators' court.
SALT LAKE CITY — Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said he died in Salt Lake City but she declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which he founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at his home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairman of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. He was also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
Jon Huntsman, Sr. looks on during a book signing at Deseret Books Friday, Oct. 3, 2014, in Salt Lake City. Rick Bowmer / AP file
The elder Huntsman and his family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears his name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in his 2014 autobiography. He said he would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. He formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated his companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from his role in December and his son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. His father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairman emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as his greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
Very sad to hear about the death of Jon Huntsman, Sr. Our family has been blessed by him, his love and his support. #utpol pic.twitter.com/XuyyQVAfUz — Rep. Mia Love (@RepMiaLove) February 2, 2018
After amassing his fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both his parents to cancer and fought his own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
He also wielded his power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after her firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
Words fail to describe the impact of Jon Huntsman Sr. Though his legacy of service, charitable causes and commitment to cancer research will live on his loss is heartbreaking. #utpol pic.twitter.com/MhQmu2JDqy — Rep. John Curtis (@RepJohnCurtis) February 2, 2018
The billionaire and his family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
He also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran his own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairman for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for his son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 million to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
With Jon Huntsman's passing, we lose a Lion of Utah. Ann and I will profoundly miss our good friend's broad smile, his hearty handshake and his example of faith, honor, and integrity. See my full statement on Facebook: https://t.co/vhSpbQ6EN2 — Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) February 2, 2018
Following his son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
His son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named his father chairman emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. He met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in his autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that his "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Saddened to learn Jon Huntsman Sr. has passed. His impact on Utah and the fight against cancer shall never be forgotten. He cared deeply about his family and the greater good of our community. God bless the Huntsman family. — Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) February 2, 2018
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when his then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from his driveway. The teenager was forced to call his father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. He was later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where he met his wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by his wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
CORRECTION (Feb. 3, 5:40 p.m.): In a previous version of this article, the Associated Press misstated the amount of money Huntsman gave to a super PAC supporting his son's presidential campaign. He gave more than $1.8 million, not $1.8 billion.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Authorities in South Carolina say four people were found dead in a home in what appears to be a murder-suicide.
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher said in a news release that the dead — a man, a woman and their two children — were found Sunday around 8 p.m. Fisher says it's believed all four died of gunshot wounds.
In a tweet from a verified Twitter account, the Lexington County Sheriff's Department said the deaths appear to be a murder-suicide and the investigation is ongoing.
Fisher identified the dead as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of her children, 4-year-old Elijah Chavez and 1-year-old Ezra Chavez. Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez, who's believed to be the father of the two children.
Fisher says an older child of Reynoso wasn't at the home at the time.
Scott Legato/Getty Images
DETROIT, MI - JULY 08: Willie Nelson performs during The 2017 Outlaw Festival at Joe Louis Arena on July 8, 2017 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Scott Legato/Getty Images)
By Michelle Ewing, Cox Media Group National Content Desk
Country music icon Willie Nelson blamed the altitude after he left the stage early with "breathing problems" during a concert Sunday night near Salt Lake City, Billboard reports.
Nelson, 84, apologized to fans in a statement provided to Variety.
>> Read more trending news
"This is Willie. I am very sorry to have to cut the Salt Lake City performance short tonight," the statement read. "The altitude just got to me. I am feeling a lot better now and headed for lower ground."
Early Monday, the singer tweeted a similar message from his verified account.
>> See the tweet here
This is Willie I am sorry to have to cut the SLC show short tonight The altitude got to me I am feeling better now & headed for lower ground — Willie Nelson (@WillieNelson) August 14, 2017
The venue, USANA Amphitheatre, is in West Valley City, Utah, which is more than 4,300 feet above sea level, Variety reported.
Read more here or here.
UBTH lost 5months to strike – CMD
The Chief Medical Director (CMD),University of Benin Teaching Hospital, Prof. Michael Ibadin, on Monday said industrial actions disrupted medical activities in the hospital for a cumulative period of five months in 2016. Ibadin disclosed this during interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Benin.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — Retired Navy Adm. Mike Mullen, the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said he is "extremely concerned" about heightened tensions between North Korea and the United States and expressed concern that disproportional responses and unintended consequences from any military strike could "really get out of control fast."
"I don't know where this goes in terms of a peaceful resolution," Mullen said on NBC's "Meet The Press" this weekend. "It's an incredibly difficult, complex problem, and we have rhetoric, some very strong rhetoric, coming from both North Korea, and from the United States. And that rhetoric, it seems to me, has taken away options, or it's reduced maneuver space, if you will, for leaders to make decisions."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mullen: Kim Jong-un Is Not a Rational Actor autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A war of words escalated between the two countries last week after reports revealed an intelligence assessment that North Korea had gained the capability to fit a nuclear weapon on a missile, a move that signaled a major advancement in its military weapons program.
President Donald Trump then proclaimed that North Korea "will be met with fire, fury and, frankly, power the likes of which this world has never seen before" if it threatened the United States, and North Korea subsequently threatened to take aim at the U.S. territory of Guam.
Trump didn't back down from his words on Thursday, saying he may not have gone far enough, and he said Friday that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un "will truly regret it, and he will regret it fast," if any U.S. territory or ally were attacked.
Mullen said language like that from the president "eliminates maneuver space for him."
"It looks like brinkmanship to me," he said. "And it looks like clearly he is at least verbally focused very specifically on the military options with the rhetoric that's out there. It's almost a fire and brimstone 'don't make another move or else.'"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Full McMaster Interview: 'The President Doesn't Draw Red Lines' 9:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said on Sunday, however, that "the president doesn't draw red lines."
"What he does is he asks us to make sure that we have viable options for him," McMaster said on "Meet The Press." "Options that combine diplomatic, economic and military capabilities. And so that's what we've done."
Mullen repeated that the situation should be resolved peacefully.
"I think it's got to be resolved politically, diplomatically, through negotiations to ensure that we don't have a military conflict that could just get out of control," he said.
Mullen also said it's "guaranteed" that if Kim ever made the decision to use nuclear weapons, it would basically be "an act of suicide from him, because we would eliminate him and his regime immediately."
Mullen broke with former National Intelligence Director James Clapper, who has said the world will have to accept that North Korea will be a nuclear state.
"I don't accept that yet," Mullen said. "I recognize that as an option or an outcome, and certainly one option is to accept that and then contain him. Obviously, the concern you would have with that is somehow he has this weapon. And he's still somewhat of an unknown to us."
Mullen served under both Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, leading the nation's armed forces from 2007 through 2011.
"There are hundreds of thousands, if not more, lives at stake here, which just absolutely mandates a peaceful settlement through the negotiations that we talked about earlier," Mullen said. "That's what has to happen."
TEL AVIV, Israel — Thousands of Israelis have poured into the streets of Tel Aviv for an anti-corruption rally calling on Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to resign.
Local media estimated that more than 10,000 turned out Saturday for the weekly demonstration. Smaller demonstrations were taking place in other Israeli cities as well. Turnout has been growing dramatically in recent weeks as increasing corruption charges have been linked to Netanyahu and his political allies. Organizers hope the grassroots movement will pressure authorities to press charges that eventually force Netanyahu from office.
Netanyahu has been questioned in two cases and police say they suspect him of being involved in bribery, fraud and breach of trust. The prime minister has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing and calls the accusations a witch hunt orchestrated by a hostile media.
LONDON (AP) — The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together for the first time in six years, though details of the projects remain undisclosed.
Photos released Friday showed a meeting of Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner.
Publicist Jo Milloy later released a statement saying “the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.”
It said new projects would “embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.”
The Sun newspaper says projects could include a TV talent show, though it said Saturday a live tour isn't planned.
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon, and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester FC captain Luke George says the Blues can ill afford to dwell on their poor run of form ahead of this weekend's trip to National League strugglers Maidstone United (3pm).
The Blues were not at the races on Saturday as they were beaten 2-1 at home to Gateshead in front of the BT Sport cameras, a defeat that was their third on the spin.
But, with a trip to Kent this weekend offering the opportunity to snap that losing streak, George is adamant that they will be ready for the test.
He said: “We can't dwell on it. It's gone and there's nothing we can do about it. All we can do is set ourselves up for Maidstone and go and get the three points. Football's quick, you don't have your highs too high and your lows too low.”
“We dust ourselves off and see where we can be better. On paper, outside looking in, people will be seeing we are not getting results but from the inside looking out there is not a lot more confidence we need to be putting in the lads, results will come. But it is a results business and you don't get anything for playing well.
“You have to learn to win games and play badly sometimes, have a bit more nous about you.”
Maidstone play on an articificial 3G pitch at their Gallagher Stadium home, something that can play in to the hands of the team used to the surface.
But with Chester training on a synthetic at the University of Chester three times a week, George, who picked up a knock early on in the defeat to Gateshead on Saturday, doesn't think it will be too much of a factor.
“I think they will be more used to it but we train on three times a week so we know what it's like,” said the midfielder. “The ball moves a little bit different but I don't think you can use the pitch as an excuse.
“It will be the same for both teams and it shouldn't be too much different for us. I don't think you can have any excuses on the day.”
It will be a lot easier to stop lying to your dentist about how often you're brushing your teeth when you have a toothbrush that can better help you take care of your mouth. Meet Burst, a distinctively modern looking sonic toothbrush whose black charcoal coated bristles promise to leave you with shining pearly whites. Founded just last year by Hamish Khayat, the Burst has already made its mark on the dental hygiene community. In fact, part of the company's success can be attributed to its distribution model — as Forbes notes, Burst leverages dental hygienists to serve as brand ambassadors. Thus far, 1,000 dentists and hygienists are actively recommending the electric toothbrush, and 10,000 folks have subscribed to the monthly service.
The professional-grade sonic toothbrush bears some resemblance to more familiar names like Quip, which also has folks sign up online to buy an electric toothbrush, and sends subscribers replacement heads on a monthly basis. This ends up being cheaper than buying a toothbrush from more established brands like Philips Sonicare or Oral B, which can run you up to $200. Burst, on the other hand, can either be bought online for $70 or through a dental professional for $40. And then, you'll receive new brush heads every three months for an additional $6.
But while Burst may share a similar business model to Quip, the technology behind the brush is quite different. Sure, they're both electric, but Burst has three different speeds (whitening, sensitive, and gum massage), the fastest of which gives you 33,000 sonic vibrations per minute. Quip, on the other hand, maxes out at 15,000 vibrations per minute. This, at least theoretically, should allow for a deeper clean with Burst. But the most notable difference comes in the bristles. All are coated in binchō-tan charcoal sourced from Wakayama, Japan. Supposedly, the charcoal helps absorb germs, bacteria, and remove plaque. Ultimately, however, it's the softness of the bristles that makes the brush work.
“We have a very powerful motor … but if I had hard bristles I would [have to] make my motor softer,” Khayat told Forbes. “But we've got such soft bristles which this charcoal allows us to have, [and] is a great benefit for us.”
The brush also comes with a two-minute timer, which alerts you every 30 seconds as to how much time you have left. And thanks to a convenient USB charger, you can easily take the Burst on the road (though a single charge will last you up to four weeks, so you shouldn't have to bring your charger with you).
Most recently, Burst entered the teeth whitening strips game. You can either buy a seven-day supply of these strips, which claim to “remove years of intrinsic stains in just a few days,” for a one-time purchase of $20, or in a subscription model for $15.
A Somali police officer says a suicide car bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the car bomber detonated the bomb Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, few hundred yards from the main base of the African Union mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could also be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. However, the al-Qaida linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab often carries out such attacks.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the group continues to wage deadly attack across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson are already back to work!
The first behind-the-scenes pictures of Poldark series four have landed!
Advertisement
Aidan Turner, Eleanor Tomlinson and co are gathering for the first read-through of the new series and production company Mammoth Screen is very kindly giving fans a sneak peek.
A post shared by Mammoth Screen (@mammothscreen) on Aug 15, 2017 at 1:49am PDT
Filming on series four is due to begin in September and BBC sources suggest that executives were so pleased with its performance for series three – where ratings averaged around 5m viewers in the overnights – that they plan to repeat the summer scheduling experiment next year.
Scriptwriter Debbie Horsfield told RadioTimes.com: “I think it has held its own over the summer and so I am guessing that – and it is a guess – that there's no reason to change that.”
As for what's set to happen in the next series? Well, we know it'll take us right up to the end of Winston Graham's seventh book, The Angry Tide, and see Ross heading for London.
But what else might happen? Join us on the Radio Times Poldark Podcast as we ask the all-important questions.
Advertisement
This article was originally published in August 2017
Looks Like Zara Stole Their Latest Sock Design From A Local Brand [Images]
It's never a good look when musicians are accused of nicking their beats (Lana del Rey and Radiohead comes to mind), and the same goes with sock designs.
Well, any designs really, but this time around it's Zara under fire and it's to do with their new sock range.
They stand accused of ripped off a MaXhosa by Laduma design, and fans of the local brand are causing a ruckus.
It started with Instagram user Thebe Ikalafeng, who shared this post comparing a few images.
First up, the caption from said post:
Appropriation or appreciation? I'd say this is just daylight @maxhosa intellectual property theft by @zara. There's a big difference between taking inspiration and illegal expropriation. #Maxhosa designed and launched this #Khanyisa cardigan and sox (slide left) range globally 2014. In 2018 @zarashamelessly copied the design as is and put in retail in earlier this month. As a global #African I understand that inspiration is global and no one has universal rights, but theft on the other hand should be universally condemned. We appreciate that Africa's rich culture is now ‘en vogue' but not at all costs. But our protected intellectual property rights should be respected as much as we respect that of other global brands. #Maxhosa and all Africans should not take this lying down. If they can do this to a relatively well known brand like @maxhosa you can imagine what they've been doing to lesser known designers with little resources or recourse. Everybody in Design and retail knows it's the foundation of Zara to replicate and sell quickly – and perhaps apologize. Fast fashion straight from the (others') runway is how there're fashioned. But it does not mean we all have to accept it. We should all stand up and reject such blatant intellectual property expropriation and theft. #ThebeOnBrands.
Well, you decide for yourself:
The jersey on the left is the MaXhosa by Laduma design, and here's the image Ikalafeng shared showing it in full:
Pretty, pretty similar, right?
Via Business Insider SA, here's Laduma Ngxokolo, designer for and founder of the local label, in another spiffy jumper:
He doesn't look impressed, and he isn't when it comes to those socks:
Ngxokolo's company told Business Insider SA that it will issue a statement later on Tuesday on the issue.
As we mentioned earlier, there's plenty of buzz on social media, with some big names wading in to side with MaXhosa by Laduma.
It doesn't help that Zara have a history of rubbing people the wrong way:
Zara, a Spanish firm which is part of the world's biggest apparel retailer Inditex, has been under fire for allegedly ripping off designs for a number of years. Fortune magazine reported that the company stood accused of stealing the designs of twelve artists. Zara has also been accused of cultural appropriation and offensive designs. It has used a white supremacist symbol on one of its items in the past.
Given that history, they may find sympathy hard to come by.
Given that Zara's owner, Amancio Ortega, has an estimated net worth of around $67 billion (R824 billion), I'm not sure he'll care.
[source:businsidersa]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAUREL COUNTY, KY (WAVE) - Officials in eastern Kentucky have identified a body found in a lake over the weekend.
Andre Ku, 21, was pulled from Lake Laurel in Laurel County on Sunday. He was from New York City.
People fishing in the area spotted Ku's body at about 12;30 p.m.
It's not yet clear how Ku died.
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Woman charged with murdering husband
+ 2 women charged with murder in double shooting
+ Homicide victim dropped off at hospital identified
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
As tensions between the United States and North Korea continue to escalate, officials in Pyongyang snubbed their Chinese counterparts in a sign of what experts say is a deteriorating relationship between the regime of Kim Jong-un and one of its few international allies.
Following Chinese President Xi Jinping's meeting with President Trump in Florida earlier this month, North Korea denied a request by China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Wu Dawei, the country's top representative for North Korean nuclear affairs, for a meeting.
“North Korea denying China a meeting is illustrative of the difficulty that China faces because they need a communication channel that works,” Scott Snyder, a senior fellow for Korea Studies and the director of the program on U.S.-Korea policy at the Council of Foreign Relations, told Fox News.
China has long been considered North Korea's closest ally in Asia, but the relationship has been on a rocky path the last few years. Tensions have escalated the past few months as North Korea has become more provocative and a growing international threat.
Following the 2013 execution of Kim's uncle, Jang Song thaek – a major facilitator of talks between Pyongyang and Beijing – the two countries backed down from high-level dialogue. More recently, in February, China banned coal imports from North Korea following the murder in Malaysia of Kim Jong Nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un who was under Chinese protection. China also banned coal imports following the recent meeting between Xi and Trump.
While the Trump administration has praised the efforts by Beijing on the actions toward North Korea – Trump said last week that he believes Xi “means well and I think he wants to help” – experts say that China is caught in the middle of a difficult situation as tensions mount between Washington and Pyongyang.
“The U.S. wants China to pressure North Korea to the brink of collapse,” Snyder said. “But that could lead to a unified Korean peninsula, which puts a major U.S. ally right on China's border.”
The Trump administration has ratcheted up pressure on North Korea in recent weeks to dismantle its nascent nuclear program – igniting an escalating war of words between the U.S. leader and officials in Pyongyang and widespread worries from nearby Asian nations of a major armed conflict between the two countries.
North Korea's mounting nuclear ambitions has cast a pall over much of East Asia with its recent missile tests and prompted the militaries of Japan and South Korea to go on high alert. The mounting threat from North Korea forced Trump to send the USS Carl Vinson Carrier Strike Group to the Korean peninsula – a maneuver that drew a warning of “catastrophic consequences” from Pyongyang but widespread praise from Tokyo and Seoul.
For its part, North Korea has long insisted that the goal of its military build-up is peace — and survival — with the growing arsenal a way to ensure that the government in Pyongyang is not easily overthrown. North Korea saw the toppling of Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar Gadhafi in Libya — neither of whom had nuclear weapons — as proof of the power of a nuclear arsenal.
More on this…
“The problem here is that if you put North Korea's interests and the U.S.'s interests on a Venn diagram, there will not be any overlap,” Snyder said.
While on a visit Monday to the Panmunjom military base in the demilitarized zone (DMZ) – and a day after a North Korean missile exploded during launch – Vice President Mike Pence said that the U.S. commitment to South Korea is “iron-clad and immutable” in the face of North Korea's work to advance its nuclear and ballistic missile program.
In a statement made alongside South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn, Pence said that “North Korea would do well not to test his resolve.”
The vice president reiterated Monday that “all options are on the table” to deal with the threat posed by North Korea. He says any use of nuclear weapons by North Korea will be met with “an overwhelming and effective response.”
Following Pence's statement, China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said Monday that tensions need to be eased on the Korean peninsula to bring the escalating dispute there to a peaceful resolution.
Lu said China wants to resume multi-party negotiations that ended in stalemate in 2009. He said plans to deploy a U.S. missile defense system in South Korea were damaging its relations with China.
At the moment, China must perform a delicate balancing act as it tries to end the intensifying situation without any weapons being fired. The big question, however, is how China will respond if either the U.S. or North Korea fires that first shot.
“China is sworn to defend North Korea from attack but if North Korea initiates the hostilities, China has said it cannot depend on its support,” Snyder said. “China, however, has made no indication whether or not that support would be there if the U.S. attacked first.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Why it matters to you The older Meizu M5 wasn't the phone for international buyers looking for a bargain, but the updated M5s fits the bill
Meizu, the popular Chinese smartphone manufacturer, has announced its first smartphone of 2017: The Meizu M5s. If the name sounds familiar, that's because Meizu announced the M5 in October this year, making the M5s a slightly — and we really do mean slightly — updated version of that phone. However, one feature in particular makes this the more desirable version for potential international buyers.
The design is typically Meizu, a firm that really does stick to a theme with its hardware. It's no bad thing. The M5s is attractive, and comes wrapped in an aluminum body, with a 2.5D curved glass panel over the 5.2-inch screen. The screen only has a 1280 x 720 pixel resolution though, which is a shame, but does help keep the price low.
More: Xiaomi's Redmi Note 4x is a slight update over the Note 4, with one very cute difference
Meizu's being coy about the processor inside the M5s, claiming it's a 64-bit, octa-core chip, but stopping short at telling is which one it is in the press release. Exploring the official M5s page reveals it's the MediaTek MT6753, a small step up over the MT6570 used in the M5. It's supported by 3GB of RAM, and there's a MicroSD card slot to boost the internal storage space.
There's a Sony 13-megapixel camera with an f/2.2 aperture and phase detection auto-focus on the back of the M5s, and a 5-megapixel selfie cam with a lower f/2.0 aperture above the screen. Also on the front of the phone is Meizu's mTouch fingerprint scanner, which has always been a strong performer, and promises to unlock the phone in just 0.2 seconds. Power comes from a 3,000mAh battery, and with it the first major difference between the M5s and the older M5: Fast charging. The 18w system takes the M5s's battery from flat to 56 percent capacity in 30 minutes, almost matching phones like the OnePlus 3T.
Finally, and the reason anyone wanting a cheap Meizu phone would be advised to check the M5s over the older version, is the presence of Android. The M5 used Yun OS, which is developed for China by Chinese ecommerce giant Alibaba, as its operating system. Both phones have Meizu's Flyme user interface over the top.
Meizu will release a 16GB and 32GB version of the M5s, in a choice of four colors, with prices converting over to a very reasonable $115 or $145.
The Best of West Virginia, the state's premier art and craft facility, will host a jury session in Morgantown.
This will be held at the West Virginia University College of Creative Arts Foundation Room on Saturday April 22.
This will be for the evaluation of art pieces to be sold at Tamarack, which must be approved through the jury process.
Only West Virginia residents are eligible to place craft, fine craft and fine art in Tamarack for sale.
"We think it's really important for the people trying to jury in to meet with someone who is further in their career. So, if they don't jury in, they get really great, educational, advice, about how to improve their product, or improve their art," said Judy Belcher, Director of Sales and Service for Tamarack.
"It's so easy to apply and the feedback is great and the uniqueness of the paneled jury is really beneficial because of all of the information and feedback I got, you just, you can't pay for that kind of thing, and you get that for just applying," said Miles Holbert, artist.
Tamarack is currently accepting digital image submissions of artists' work until March 26. You can submit artwork at tamarackwv.com.
The Priory Ruskin Academy opened its doors to the public for its annual Macmillan coffee morning and raised a magnificent £500 for the charity.
Organised by Knight House, there was a wide array of cakes and biscuits for sale.
Mouthwatering cakes on sale at Priory Ruskin Academy.
Mrs Geeson, community manager at the Academy, said: “Thank you so much to everyone who baked, bought and ate cakes. It was wonderful to support Macmillan's national event and Knight House did a wonderful job coordinating it. Well done!”
12.
Luigi Pertrilli walks out of a public toilet during the Christathon X pub crawl on April 16 in London.
The Christathon pub crawl celebrated its tenth year this year where participants dressed as Jesus and visited pubs on Easter Sunday around the British capital while donating collections to the Save the Children charity.
Chris J Ratcliffe / Getty Images
Former Police Deputy Commissioner Benzi Sau, a member of the board of the White-Hat defense company, spoke about the changes that have taken place in the arena of cyber warfare in recent years in an interview with Arutz Sheva.
According to Sau, if in the past the issue of cyber protection was discussed in terms of national security and terrorists which sought to strike at Israeli targets and disrupt the way of life or damage strategic facilities in Israel, now the picture is different.
"We have been witnessing in the last five years that cyberspace is experiencing a sad turnaround in criminal aspects as well, and we are seeing a growing trend of initiated attacks on the needs of people from small businesses, factories and economic organizations," Sau said.
"This is an economic blow, but no less important is the extraction of a knowledge base within the same organization, for example: law firms, doctors' clinics, or accounting firms. Each of which is small in size or economic scope. As customers, we want the information to be preserved and not to be transferred to the public domain, and if the owner of such a company is attacked and information is taken from him or he is disabled, it is a mortal blow to that firm.
"The police are investing great efforts, budgets, human capital and building units and systems to track, locate and collect evidence against those criminals," he said.
He said that the police have had quite a few successes in this area, such as the hacking of the databases of Bank Leumi a few years ago, an infiltration that was thwarted after a gang of criminals had leaked a lot of information from the bank's servers. However, he notef that there have been many attacks on smaller organizations in cases that have not been exposed to the media.
"Until a few years ago, we were familiar with the classic bank robbery, a threatening thief who holds a gun on the teller and steals the money," he said.
On the level of protection afforded by the police system to the Israeli citizen, Sau said that the police cannot provide personal security for each family, and in his future assessment, "The insurance companies will allow the citizen to purchase a policy that will allow him protection levels for the home and business. Cameras, gates, etc. I estimate that the cyber and insurance companies will also build protective suits for the private home."
About his work at White Hat, he said that it is a company that is well run and keeps the good gous from the bad guys. "The Israel Police has a police commissioner and the police is a good police force," Sau was careful not to give personal grades to the chiefs of staff or the pensioners." Their success is the success of the organization. The police function very well and this is credited to the commissioner."
One of the most important things we can do in celebration of Earth Day this year is committing to voting in the primary elections on May 15. In the Democratic primary for the new 7th Congressional District in Pennsylvania, I'll be voting for Greg Edwards.
He understands the importance of transitioning to a 100 percent renewable energy economy that works for all of us. He supports putting a price on carbon, as a way to help us transition away from the fossil fuels that are disrupting our climate. He supports a moratorium on all new fossil fuel infrastructure, including the pipelines that are used to transport fracked gas. And he will ensure we invest in clean and renewable energy.
Now is the time to act to ensure we and future generations have a healthy and stable climate. Voting to support Edwards is an important way to make that happen.
Kim Schaffer
Bethlehem
Owner Mark Wilson was shot in the leg on Monday. (Source: Dale Mader, WAVE 3 News)
JEFFERSONVILLE, IN (WAVE) – A barber shop owner is back to work after he was shot on the job.
The shooting happened Monday in the parking lot of Mark's Barber and Style on 10th Street in Jeffersonville.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Owner Mark Wilson said the shooter has been in the shop before for a haircut, but he wasn't a regular. He said he feels fortunate there weren't more serious injuries after multiple rounds were fired.
“Kidney stones hurt worse than gunshots if you're shot like this,” Wilson said.
Not much phases Wilson. He was back at work Wednesday, after he was shot in the leg two days ago.
“Every time I sit down I get stiff, or if I lay down I get stiff," Wilson said. "So I just stretch it back out and that's when it gives me a little bit of pain, but I'm alright."
Monday afternoon, shop employee Bobby Dunn said a man was under the influence of something, when they got in an argument.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Sen. Rand Paul present, but uninjured when gunman opened fire at VA baseball field
+ 4 Kentucky National Guard soldiers charged in sexual assault case
+ Victim of deadly crash of Poplar Level Road identified
“He talked bad to me and cussed at me," Dunn said. "I talked bad to him and cussed at him."
When a gun came out, Wilson tried to intervene.
“I stepped in between them and told him to put his gun back up,” Wilson said.
Dunn said the man fired three shots at him and missed.
“That's when he shot me - when I was coming back through the door,” Wilson said.
Police say the shooter, later identified as Raymond Stovall, took off.
“Nobody fights anymore. They just want to shoot you,” Dunn said.
After a short chase toward Louisville on the Clark Memorial Bridge, Stovall was arrested. It's been the talk of the barber shop ever since.
“I thought 'what in the world is going on down there',” customer Michael Sheegog said.
Coworkers and customers were thrilled to see Wilson back, cutting hair and cutting up.
“If I had got shot in the big toe, it would have killed me,” laughed Wilson.
All jokes aside, Wilson said he's grateful knowing it could have been so much worse.
“My main thing is to protect my people that work here,” Wilson said. “These people, these barbers are like family. They are my people.”
Stovall is currently being held at Metro Corrections, but he will eventually be brought back to Clark County to face numerous charges. The Clark County Prosecutor is reviewing the case.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Get the Think newsletter.
Donald Trump is afraid of going to prison. Ordinarily that might seem like a silly statement: Trump is probably the most corrupt president in American history, and some of his closest bag men open the door each morning to see if the sky looks like indictments. But this is America, where the man who drafted memos arguing that torture is legal teaches law at U.C. Berkeley, and Henry "Two Genocides" Kissinger advised the Bush administration but summered with the Clintons.
And yet this might be the second time Donald Trump has gotten something right. (Here is the first.)
You would not get the impression that he's in real legal peril from the 24-hour news telenovela he's created: Between segments on incompetency, Trump is regularly portrayed as the swaggering caudillo, impervious to comeuppance, deadly to challengers. The word "counterpuncher" has beendeployed so many times to describe him that it's natural to assume he starred as the eponymous hero of a late-80s action movie by that name.
President Donald Trump during a meeting on prison reform in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington on January 11, 2018. Saul Loeb / AFP - Getty Images file
It's not hard to see how this thinking takes hold; given the facts, it seems almost unavoidable. Trump fails upward and at his worst fails sideways. He has proven that clownish malignancy sustained over 40 years is no obstacle to enjoying the most luxurious things in life.
He has been involved in over 1,300 lawsuits in the last 18 years, including one over a fraudulent university that was still ongoing during the campaign. Over a dozen women have accused him of sexual assault or misconduct, including an ex-wife who once used the word "rape." His businesses have repeatedly declared bankruptcy, including on a casino. He has told an average of 6.5 lies per day since taking office, for a total of over 3,001. You could add another 50 items here without wandering into the realm of the trivial, and the Trump train is still going, despite the rails being left at least a dozen voting districts back. (All of which he won by the way; you should see the electoral map. It's very beautiful.)
But it's not Trump who is most beholden to his legacy of succeeding — or at least not utterly failing — despite his own best efforts. It's the press that daily invokes the idea of Trump as a dangerous animal who, when cornered, fights back twice as hard and is thus impossible to beat. (This framing always comes heavy with allusions to Roy Cohn and Richard Nixon.)
It would take a mind of fervid imagination have the faintest expectation of seeing a one of the most powerful American politicians go to jail.
This is a normal framing in Washington D.C., not because it's been true of Trump, but also because it would take a mind of fervid imagination have the faintest expectation of seeing a one of the most powerful American politicians go to jail.
And part of that thinking simply amounts to noticing that both American parties are already horribly corrupted by money and have, until recently, shown zero interest in policing that flow of campaign cash, in addition to the existing lack of interest in punishing basically anyone in power for any crime that actually happened from Iran-Contra to the present day.
In a world without consequences, then, Donald Trump really shouldn't be a bravura counterpuncher — not if you proceed from the idea that there is no consequence for him to actually fear.
Trump should be and is afraid. He has no real friends in Washington that didn't ride in on his coattails (and possibly commit a crime to do so). He has no party, save a GOP that let him loose like a bull in a china shop so they could sneak in the back and rob the safe. He has been a Democrat and he has been a Republican and he has alienated the ruling castes of both. He is not one of them, and no part of Trumpworld, post-tax-cuts, is essential to the preservation of their class' domination of politics.
President Donald Trump listens as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson speaks during an event to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington on Jan. 12, 2018. Evan Vucci / AP file
Meanwhile, for the first time in a long time, both parties have unambiguous incentives to make a show of strident anti-corruption. The Democrats — having dropped the ball on the opportunity to seek restorative justice for any of the plunder of the subprime mortgage market or even to do something as simple as sending Dick Cheney or the other architects of the Bush-era torture policy to The Hague — have a historically unsympathetic antagonist. And Republicans no longer really have the Clinton campaign to point to (though Trump tries) and need to maintain the illusion to their values-voter base that Trump is different from them (other than in his abject tastelessness).
They can't, of course, make that case easily: Ted Cruz lies just as unashamedly but with bigger words. Marco Rubio doesn't pay his bills, is the kept pet of a billionaire and doles out sinecures to his family. Scott Walker tries not to hold elections when Republicans can lose them, is comically beholden to the Koch Brothers and once seriously entertained building a Canadian border wall. Chris Christie has Bridgegate. Jeb Bush liked Betsy DeVos before Trump did and already works with people who fudge charter school data. When Rand Paul inherited Papa Ron's liberty movement, he inherited a lot of white nationalists with it. Scott Pruitt, Ryan Zinke, Tom Price, Mick Mulvaney and Jeff Sessions were all Republicans in good standing until Trump gave the press a reason to look under the rocks.
The moment Trump looks like he's finished with some part of his fan base, his intraparty constituency plummets to zero.
The moment Trump looks like he's finished with some part of his fan base, his intraparty constituency plummets to zero. The Democrats will finally have a gimme with which to practice the arcane art of exercising state power to enforce the morals of a community. At the same time, the rump of Republicans who survive 2018 and those seeking to unseat Democrats in borderline seats in 2020 will have good reason to depict Trump as a uniquely toxic aberration that must be burned away to cleanse the rest of the party. There is no greater non-verbal distinction between the GOP and Trump than incarcerating him.
A cornered animal becomes fiercer because it knows it's in a position where it has likelier than not come to its end. Trump isn't lashing out because he can't stop counterpunching and masterfully changing the narrative. Unlike the rest of us, he's had a tickle at the back of his brain, an anticipation of what is possible in a world where we have not savvily and cynically foreclosed on the idea of the nation choosing, at its founders intended, to bring parts of itself to justice. It is not silly to demand that we realize a dream so unlikely that it clearly daily haunts the dumbest chief executive in American history: After a long list of extraordinarily deserving, very very beautiful, very very talented runners-up — from Jefferson Davis, to Warren Harding, to Richard Nixon, to Ronald Reagan, to George W. Bush — Donald Trump can become the first president from the United States to die in prison.
Jeb Lund is a freelance writer and former political columnist and reporter for Rolling Stone and The Guardian. He has a podcast called This Week In Atrocity.
HERSHEY, Pa. — When the weather is cold and the nights are long, new parents can be tempted to put extra blankets in a crib or bring their infant into bed with them.
Both practices can lead to death for children under a year old, who do not have the ability to protect their airway and prevent their own suffocation.
“We see several co-sleeping deaths or near deaths,” said Amy Bollinger, manager of the Pediatric Trauma and Injury Prevention Program at Penn State Children's Hospital.
Back to Sleep
The Back to Sleep campaign in the 1990s, which taught parents to always place infants on their back to sleep, led to a decrease in the number of cases of death related to sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS).
Since then — and despite knowing what the recommendations are — many parents still engage in unsafe practices.
According to a report issued this month by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 3,500 infants die each year in the United States of sudden unexpected infant death (SUID), which includes deaths classified as SIDS, suffocation and unknown causes.
In Pennsylvania, nearly half of all infant deaths are due to SUIDS, which is the second leading cause of death — after prematurity — for infants younger than a year.
Since 2011, the recommendations have focused on not just back sleeping, but also on making sure the baby is sleeping alone and with nothing else in the crib.
However, the recent CDC report found more than 60 percent of parents have shared the bed with their baby; about 39 percent of mothers have used soft bedding in the baby's sleep area, and about 22 percent have placed their babies on their side or stomach to sleep.
Educate
In November, Dauphin County began a campaign to educate parents, caregivers and the public to lower the chance of suffocation and sudden unexplained infant deaths.
Dr. Erich Batra, a pediatrician at Penn State Children's Hospital, said it's a struggle to get the message across.
“We're tired of reviewing these deaths and having coroners have to tell parents that they possibly contributed to their baby's death,” he said.
Bollinger said mothers who give birth at Penn State Health are given safe sleep education before being discharged. Parents also get that information again anytime their infant is admitted to the hospital.
The challenge is the fatigue that many new parents fight.
“Every parent becomes sleep deprived and desperate at one time or another,” she said. “Parents need to ask for help.”
That could mean asking a partner, family member or another trusted person to care for the baby so they can catch up on sleep.
Resources
Bollinger said there are additional local resources available to help if a mother doesn't have someone in her network to help.
She encourages mothers of infants to talk with their pediatrician or women's health provider if they need a break.
She also encourages adults who are responsible for infants to be vigilant about their use of alcohol or prescription drugs, which can cause drowsiness and impair judgment.
Batra reminds parents that safe sleeping practices need to be followed not just by parents at bedtime, but at naptime, in the middle of the night, and by grandparents or other caregivers.
Putting an infant to sleep in a bed with another child or falling asleep with an infant on a recliner or sofa can also be dangerous.
“People don't think about it, but enough babies are dying that everyone should be vigilant about every sleep,” he said.
“It's one of those things that nobody thinks is going to happen to them.”
When Ella Chambers returned to Hazel Grove Elementary School after competing in the Special Olympics, she was given a hero's welcome.
Every member of the student body and faculty was waiting for the third-grader outside, chanting her name, carrying signs and cheering her on.
"She was so stunned," Ella's mom, Renee Chambers, told "Good Morning America."
Ella, her mom told "GMA," is the only kid in her school with Down syndrome.
"All the kids love her," Chambers said. "She's been there since kindergarten. Everyone was so excited to see her."
The school didn't share their plan with the Chambers family ahead of time. Ella's sister Audrey, who is a second-grader at Hazel Grove, was just as surprised.
The school's principal said she wanted to make Ella's homecoming feel special.
"We sent out an email asking each class to come out and celebrate Ella," Fran Blackburn, principal of Hazel Grove Elementary, told "GMA." "I had a teacher make a banner and every student in the school signed it."
The school, which has 250 students, has been like a home away from home for the Chambers family.
"It's everyone who is so great, the administration, the teachers, the parents and the kids," Chambers said.
"I tell my teachers I want two things from them, to love our students and to teach them," Blackburn told "GMA." "We celebrate every child at Hazel Grove Elementary. Ella is just one of our Hazel Grove Rams."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
A federal judge agreed on Tuesday to release "Smallville" actress Allison Mack to the custody of her parents in California, setting bail at $5 million.
Allison Mack Todd Williamson / Invision/AP file
Mack, 35, pleaded not guilty on Friday to recruiting women to join a secret organization, called Nxivm, that prosecutors say treated them as “slaves,” providing sexual and financial services for the group's leaders. She is charged with sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy, and conspiracy to commit forced labor.
Judge Viktor Pohorelsky of U.S. District Court in Brooklyn said Mack would be allowed to travel only for court appearances, attorney meetings and other approved reasons. She is prohibited from using cellular services or the internet while she is at her parents' home.
According to federal prosecutors, Mack and Keith Raniere, 57, are the top two leaders of Nxivm, a self-proclaimed women's empowerment group.
Prosecutors say it required women to provide collateral, such as nude photos, personal property or potentially damaging information, in return for membership and forced them to perform manual labor and sexual acts for leaders.
Raniere was arrested last month in Mexico after federal prosecutors accused him of coercing female members of Nxivm into having sex with him and branding them with his initials, among other crimes.
NEW YORK — The series between the Chicago White Sox and the New York Yankees features the hitters with the two best batting averages in the American League, Chase Headley and Avisail Garcia.
On Monday night, it was Headley and the Yankees getting the upper hand on Garcia and the White Sox.
Headley has a .395 batting average and the Yankees take an eight-game winning streak into their Tuesday meeting with the White Sox.
Headley's average dropped 15 points after he went 1-for-4 with an RBI double in a 7-4 win that featured long home runs by Matt Holliday and Aaron Judge.
Despite the somewhat quiet night, the Yankees (9-4) would not be off to their best 13-game start going 10-3 in 2010 without their third baseman's production.
A year ago through New York's first 13 games, Headley posted a .182 average and the Yankees were 5-8.
After Monday, Headley has reached base in 12 games and reached more than once in nine games. He has been on base in 19 of his past 37 plate appearances, and he has a .509 on-base percentage.
“He's done it all, and it's a complete opposite of the way the year started last year, and it's great to see because we remember the struggles he went through last year,” Yankees manager Joe Girardi said Monday afternoon.
Garcia went 1-for-4 and hit into two double plays Monday as his batting average dipped from .465 to .447. Garcia's quiet night was part of a mostly quiet night for Chicago, which has scored three runs or fewer in eight of 12 games.
White Sox third baseman Todd Frazier missed his second game recovering from the flu. Frazier, who is hitting .111 this season, could return Tuesday.
Chicago first baseman Jose Abreu was 0-for-4 and is 2-for-27 on the trip.
“I am struggling right now, but I'm trying to find a way to get out of it,” Abreu said through an interpreter. “There are some at-bats where I can put the barrel on the ball, and there are some at-bats where I can find the ball in the strike zone. I am trying to figure out what's happening. I'm working on it.”
New York's starting pitching has posted a 2.77 ERA during the eight-game streak after Jordan Montgomery allowed three runs and seven hits in six-plus innings Monday. Montgomery took a shutout into the seventh inning before Yolmer Sanchez hit a three-run homer.
The streak began when CC Sabathia pitched six innings in a come-from-behind 7-3 victory at Baltimore on April 9. In the eight-game run, the Yankees have 49 runs and 13 home runs.
“It's been exciting,” Girardi said. “Our pitching has been tremendous. The starting pitching, it started last Sunday, eight days ago with CC. It's just continued with guys that have given us distance. The bullpen has done a tremendous job as it has all year and we've had some timely hitting and some big home runs.”
On Tuesday, Luis Severino (1-0, 4.50 ERA) will get the ball, and the Yankees are curious to see if he can follow up his last start. On Thursday, Severino struck out a career-high 11 hits in seven innings during a 3-2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays.
It was Severino's first win as a starting pitcher since beating the Chicago White Sox on Sept. 27, 2015.
Miguel Gonzalez (1-0, 4.22 ERA) makes his third start of the season for Chicago.
Gonzalez took a no-decision Thursday in Cleveland when he allowed three runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings. In his last 15 starts, Gonzalez is 5-5 with a 2.90 ERA.
Gonzalez is 4-4 with a 3.80 ERA in 14 starts against the Yankees, who are familiar with him from when the right-hander pitched for the Baltimore Orioles.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
With Tony Romo's time in Dallas likely approaching an end, we take a look at what the Dallas Cowboys can expect to get in return for his services.
The 2016 NFL Regular Season has come and gone, and it was likely Tony Romo‘s last season in Dallas.
Despite being the quarterback of America's Team since 2006, he has probably played his last meaningful down as a Dallas Cowboy.
Thanks to promising rookie quarterback Dak Prescott, Romo has taken a role as the team's back-up quarterback.
Tony wants to be a starting quarterback, and rightfully so. When he is healthy, he is one of the league's elite quarterbacks.
On top of his desire to start, his cap hit is a whopping $24.7 million next season.
The Cowboys simply cannot afford, literally and figuratively, to spend that much on a back-up quarterback.
Trading the 36-year old veteran will save the team $5.1 million on their salary cap.
On top of that, they'll save $16.3 million and $20.5 million in 2018 and 2019, respectively.
What does all of this mean?
Unfortunately for lifelong Tony Romo fans such as myself, it means that the sun is setting on the Romo-era in Big D.
So, how exactly will the team go about trading him?
And what can they expect to get?
Let's try to figure it out.
What Team?
First things first, if the Dallas Cowboys are to trade Tony Romo, they have to find someone willing to take him. They'll likely only trade him to a contender – some team that thinks they're a quarterback away from a Super Bowl.
More from The Landry Hat
Any dreams of the Cowboys collecting a bounty of draft picks from perennial bottom-feeding teams is unrealistic. They owe Tony as much to not trade him to a bad team. Furthermore, he isn't as valuable to losing teams that are in search of their next franchise quarterback. He's just too old.
So, I see two realistic options. The Denver Broncos or the Houston Texans. Both teams have championship caliber defenses, and both have weapons on offense. They're both just missing one thing. Yep, you guessed it: solid quarterback play.
The Broncos have been struggling all year with an inconsistent offense that just can't seem to score points against good teams. The Texans suffered from such bad quarterback play that they benched their $70 million quarterback in favor of a 2014 4th round pick by the name of Tom Savage.
Romo would represent a massive upgrade to either team in terms of quarterback play, so now the question is: how much does he cost?
What Price?
This is what it comes down to. I'm not a trade expert myself, so I researched some precedent for trading quarterbacks. Here are some of the trades I found:
In 1993, the 49ers traded quarterback Joe Montana, 37 at the time, for Kansas City's first round selection (18th overall) in the upcoming draft.
Green Bay traded quarterback Brett Favre, 39 at the time, in 2008 for the Jet's third round selection (83rd overall) in the upcoming draft.
In 2011, the Bengals traded quarterback Carson Palmer, 31 at the time, for Oakland's first round selection (17th overall) in the upcoming draft and two years of future 3rd round selections.
Philadelphia traded quarterback Sam Bradford, 28 at the time, in 2016 for the Viking's first round selection (TBD overall) in the upcoming draft, and a future conditional 4th round selection.
Want your voice heard? Join the The Landry Hat team!
Okay. That's four trades to look at for precedent. Let's try to dissect them a little.
The 1993 trade of Joe Montana features the quarterback closest in age to Tony Romo. However, Montana was a 4-time Super Bowl Champion and 3-time Super Bowl MVP prior to being traded. Tony Romo has never made it to the NFC Championship game.
Brett Favre was also a Super Bowl winning quarterback, but he was 3 years older than Tony at the time of his trade. 3 years makes a big difference this late in a quarterbacks career.
Carson Palmer and Sam Bradford share similar situations. Neither were as good as Tony Romo at the time they were traded, however both were significantly younger.
So where does this leave us?
Conclusion
Tony Romo will probably command a trade in the middle of the trades discussed previously. He doesn't have postseason success, but he has proven he is capable of playing at a high level. He became particularly more intriguing after a strong, albeit limited, performance against the Philadelphia Eagles in Week 17.
At the end of the day, I believe Romo will be traded to Denver, for something along the lines of the Sam Bradford deal. The Broncos have a fairly complete roster, including two young quarterbacks. They would view Tony as a guy that could immediately start for them, and give them a chance to win another championship.
In addition, I'm sure Denver's GM John Elway views Tony as a player that can mentor his two young quarterbacks, Trevor Siemmian and Paxton Lynch. If that's the case, then the Dallas Cowboys and Denver Broncos may be in business.
Predicted Trade
The Broncos don't know what they are getting initially, so Dallas only gets their 2nd round selection in 2017. They also get a conditional 3rd round pick from Denver in 2018, which can escalate to a second round selection in Romo starts more than 12 games in 2017, and a first round selection if he leads to at least the AFC Championship game.
Broncos get Tony Romo Cowboys get 2017 2nd Round Choice, Conditional 2018 3rd Round Choice
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter for more up to date football analysis, @JLongPass. Go Cowboys!
This article originally appeared on
lehighvalleylive.com file photo
Andrew Doerfler | for lehighvalleylive.com
Get ready for some downtown funk.
Easton Garlic Fest returns this weekend with another chance to revel in stink. The festival, now in its 16th year, will run Saturday, Oct. 7 and Sunday, Oct. 8 in and around Centre Square with more than 90 vendors, cook-offs for pros and amateurs alike, a packed schedule of activities, tastings and live entertainment.
We've sniffed out some of the best ways to embrace your bad breath this weekend.
Why it matters to you Our days are full of short moments spent waiting. With these new apps you can turn that spare time into knowledge.
Even in an age of connectivity, our lives are full of relatively empty moments. We may be waiting for an elevator to arrive, for a text message to come through, or for our device to reconnect to Wi-Fi. Through a new series of apps called WaitSuite, a team of researchers from Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory want to turn these moments into learning opportunities.
WaitSuite was inspired by apps like Duolingo, a “micro-learning” platform that challenges users to learn new languages in what little spare time they have. The idea is that even short sessions of engagement can accumulate into significant learning over time. However, where Duolingo requires users to open its own app, WaitSuite is integrated into the apps at hand.
“With stand-alone apps, it can be inconvenient to have to separately open them up to do a learning task,” Carrie Cai, an MIT PhD student who leads the project, said in a press release. “WaitSuite is embedded directly into your existing tasks, so that you can easily learn without leaving what you were already doing.”
WaitSuite covers old school tasks like waiting for an elevator (WaitSuite's ElevatorLearner application activates when it detects Bluetooth iBeacons near elevators) and more modern-day ones like waiting for your device to reconnect to Wi-Fi. When the platform senses that its users are in a state of waiting, it prompts them to answer language vocabulary questions.
“The vast majority of people made use of multiple kinds of waiting within WaitSuite,” Cai said. “By enabling wait-learning during diverse waiting scenarios, WaitSuite gave people more opportunities to learn and practice vocabulary words.”
Although brief, the researchers say these “wait-learning” sessions enabled users to learn some four words per day just while waiting for text messages. And since WaitSuite engaged users through the waiting time, it even kept them more focused on the task at hand since they weren't tempted by some other time-consuming distraction. Moving forward they hope to include audio capabilities — or even refine the apps to encourage digital downtime.
When musician Sareen Patel first began performing under the name "Brown Privilege," he knew the name would instantly be a conversation starter.
DJ Sareen Patel (left) and comedian Saurin Choksi after their January 13 show in Crown Heights, Brooklyn. Photo by Sareen Patel
"At the time it was a provocative thing to make my music under," Patel told NBC News of the name, which he first began using in 2014. He would return to the name when he and his childhood friend Saurin Choksi began seriously thinking about collaborating on a project in early 2016. Choksi, a stand-up comedian, and Patel wanted to create a show that combined both music and comedy.
"At first we were just kicking around different names, and we came back to 'Brown Privilege,'" Patel recalled. "Just saying it over and over, it's an easy way to catch someone's attention."
Each month, Patel and Choksi host their "Brown Privilege Comedy" show in Brooklyn, New York, inviting fellow comics and artists to perform on the third Tuesday of every month. Guest performers have included "Last Comic Standing" contestant Alex Stone, Misha Han, and Usama Siddiquee. Comedians Aparna Nancherla and Josh Gondelman are both scheduled to perform at the group's February 21 show.
RELATED: An Unlikely Comedian Embraces Her Outsider Role
While both organizers say the show is not an explicitly political one, they admit discussing current events has been unavoidable since the November elections.
"I'd say people have been more engaged now than in previous shows. A lot of comedians are like, 'I want to talk about it,'" Choksi said. "But it's really up to the comedians. My emotions run the whole mix of things. It's frustrating, it's tough, it's not the world I want to live in."
The most emotional Brown Privilege Comedy show, Patel and Choksi recalled, occurred exactly a week after the election. Because each of their shows begins with a conversation, the two friends chose to address the new political reality right away. "[The show] has always started with us asking each other, 'How are you doing?'" Choksi explained. "So if you are asking that up top in a conversation, you can't talk about it."
Photo by Sareen Patel
"During that show the whole mood was shell shocked and somber," Patel recalled. To combat that and lighten the mood a bit, Patel said he repeatedly interrupted Choksi's election monologue by playing bits of the rapper YG's song "FDT" (the title of which is an abbreviation for a profane phrase directed towards the president).
RELATED: "Brown Girls" Web Series Writer: "We Don't Need Permission" To Tell Our Stories
As they prepare for their first post-inauguration show, both artists say they've been thinking about their name a bit more. "It's beyond politics now. That's the privileged part of the show. I don't have to justify the fact that I'm from an immigrant family, I don't have to justify the fact that I'm Indian," said Choksi.
Both organizers say they hope events like their show will help bridge the divides that currently exist among Americans with different points of view. As Choksi noted, "one of the things about comedy is that it brings people together and encourages empathy and seeing a different point of view."
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
Marco Hernandez has a lot of potential and 2017 is the year where he shows it for the Boston Red Sox.
The Boston Red Sox do not seem to have a lot of holes in their depth chart. From the looks of it, as we all know, it seems like they are serious contenders to win the American League pennant.
But if you were to look at the depth chart, there seems to be one minor issue – the third base position. With Pablo Sandoval getting another chance to prove himself at that position, the odds of him being successful are 50/50. You never know with him.
Yes, he has lost a good amount of weight, but that can only do so much to becoming a valuable baseball player.
Let's say Sandoval is a bust. You then have Brock Holt and Marco Hernandez next up in line. With Holt having the ability to play every position in the outfield and infield, it would be foolish to waste all of that talent by making him an everyday player at one position.
With that being said, manager John Farrell should consider giving Hernandez an opportunity in becoming an everyday player.
In 2016, Hernandez made his debut, producing a slash of .294/.357/.373 over only 40 games. Not bad coming from a rookie.
When Hernandez was in Triple-A, he was one of the team's most valuable players, posting a slash of .309/.342/.444. Like Brock Holt, his speed and ability to play multiple infield positions are what made him so valuable in 2016.
More from BoSox Injection
When the Red Sox announced their 2016 postseason roster, Hernandez was pleased to see his name on it. Although he was only used in pinch-running opportunities, it just showed that the Red Sox see him having a bright future in their organization.
Also, the left-handed hitting Hernandez would help balance the lineup, which currently is very right-handed heavy.
All things considered, Sandoval is still being looked at as the starting third baseman for the 2017 season. If you look at him now, he looks like a completely different person by how much weight he has lost.
If Sandoval is successful, then Boston should still use Hernandez more than how much they used him last year. Both he and Holt have the ability to play multiple positions, which is something most teams in the Major Leagues can't say they have.
If an everyday player needs a night off, you can get Holt or Hernandez out there and give just as good a performance as that certain everyday player.
Time will only tell on whether or not we will see Marco Hernandez as our starting third baseman.
This article originally appeared on
TRUMBULL CO., Ohio (WYTV) – The Trumbull County Board of Elections voted to allow former County Republican Party Chairman Randy Law to run on the May primary ballot, despite objections from members of his own party.
The board ruled that Law can run as a Republican for the 64th District Ohio House of Representatives — a state central committee position and county central committee for Ward 1G in Warren.
Several members of the Trumbull County Republican Party objected, saying Law does not live at the Warren house he gave as his legal address.
The board of elections ruled against the objections.
Have your say
A Cringleford man will appear at crown court tomorrow after being charged with the murder of Peter Wrighton.
Alexander Palmer, 23, of Freesia Way, Cringleford, was charged early this morning and appeared in front of magistrates in Norwich later the same day.
It comes after 83-year-old Mr Wrighton, from Banham, received fatal stab wounds in woodland near East Harling on Saturday, August 5.
The Street in East Harling remains closed whilst the investigation continues and officers are still working in the area, providing reassurance, speaking with witnesses and conducting house to house and CCTV enquiries.
Detectives are also searching and forensically examining a number of locations which are linked to the ongoing investigation.
Palmer will appear at Norwich Crown Court tomorrow at 9am.
Why it matters to you Your Windows 10 PC with Intel integrated graphics can now run a greater selection of cross-platform games and VR titles.
DirectX 12 is likely the best-known 3D graphics application programming interface (API) for Windows 10, and it's used for today's advanced PC games and virtual reality (VR) solutions. However, there's a cross-platform option from Khronos, known as Vulkan, that provides similar functionality on a wide variety of systems including Windows 7 through 10, Tizen, Linux, and Android, with support for iOS and macOS provided by third-party solutions like Molten GL.
Vulkan has been supported by Nvidia and AMD for a while, offering an alternative to DirectX 12 on Windows 10 machines for machines built around GPUs from those manufacturers. Now, Intel has joined the fray, adding in official Windows 10 for Vulkan on the integrated graphics included with its most recent CPUs, as CIO reports.
More: Doom running on new Vulkan API is simply insane
Specifically, Intel has enabled Vulkan support on its sixth-generation processors, known as Skylake, and its newest seventh-generation CPUs, known as Kaby Lake. The Apollo Lake series of low-end chips using Intel HD Graphics 505 GPUs are also supported. By integrating support into its integrated graphics, users of lower-end Windows 10 machines, including notebooks, can gain access to games and VR titles utilizing the Vulkan APIs.
The impact of Intel adding Vulkan support could be widespread. At the very least, it makes the open source low-level graphics API available on a far wider range of Windows 10 PCs than before, including the majority of new machines going forward.
In addition, porting titles from DirectX12 to Vulkan is less time-consuming than porting DirectX 12 games to OpenGL, which Vulkan supersedes. Because Vulkan runs faster and is more power-efficient on notebooks and smartphones, it could also provide more advanced gaming and VR capabilities to mobile devices.
All of this means that Vulkan is a more attractive target for game and VR developers. Intel's official support for Vulkan just makes the platform even more compelling, something that users of less widespread systems like Linux and Steam Machines should appreciate.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. — A winter storm expected to hit the Northeast is forcing at least one college basketball team to alter its travel plans for the third round of the NCAA Tournament.
West Virginia's athletic department announced Monday night the Mountaineers will leave a day early for Boston. WVU says it will depart Morgantown on Tuesday instead of Wednesday.
Fifth-seeded West Virginia meets top-seeded Villanova in the East Region semifinals at TD Garden on Friday night.
The National Weather Service says the bulk of the wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to hit New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Massachusetts early Thursday.
A winter storm in the East during the 2017 tournament also prompted teams to scramble their travel plans.
——–
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
AUBURN, Ala. — With Auburn down yet another key player, Bryce Brown and Jared Harper helped the Tigers build big leads and then hold on.
Brown finished with 27 points and Harper made 3 of 4 free throws over the final 27 seconds to lead the Tigers to an 85-80 win over UAB on Saturday.
Auburn (8-1) won its sixth straight game even with Mustapha Heron out with back problems, joining already sidelined Austin Wiley and Danjel Purifoy. His replacement Malik Dunbar came up with some key plays, too.
“Mustapha's such a stabilizing force for us,” Auburn coach Bruce Pearl said. “So many guys had to step up to be able to get this win.”
The Tigers surrendered most of a 13-point second-half advantage to the Blazers (6-4) but never the lead.
They made 12 of 14 free throws down the stretch, with Harper hitting six of them.
“I know late in the game that that's my time to be aggressive,” he said. “Late in the game, I want to look to get to the basket and get to the foul line.”
Dunbar, making his first start, grabbed one of the missed foul shots for a putback. He scored off another offensive rebound with 39 seconds left after Nick Norton's 3-pointer cut the margin to 80-78.
The Tigers grabbed 14 offensive rebounds against a team that came in fifth nationally with a plus-12 rebounding margin.
“The last couple of minutes we were one stop away from having a chance to steal one here on the road,” UAB coach Robert Ehsan said. “Offensive rebounding really, I thought, sealed the game for them. That's what Auburn in my opinion does best. That was the No. 1 thing on our scouting report.”
Brown had 23 of his 27 points in the first half. He made 6 of 9 3-point attempts and had 15 consecutive points for Auburn during one stretch. Harper had 21 points and five assists while Desean Murray added 18 points and seven rebounds.
Chris Cokley led the way for the Blazers. He had 26 points and nine rebounds while making 8 of 12 shots and all 10 free throw attempts.
UAB cut a 13-point second-half deficit to 71-70 on Jalen Perry's 3-pointer with 4:21 left. Auburn delivered at the foul line to hold off the Blazers.
The already short-handed Tigers were minus Heron, who left Wednesday night's game with Gardner-Webb with back spasms. They've played all season without Wiley and Purifoy amid an internal investigation into the program.
Dunbar had nine points and six rebounds in his first start.
“He came through down the stretch for us,” Brown said. “Coach trusted him and so did his teammates.”
BIG PICTURE
UAB: The Blazers haven't beaten an SEC team since dropping Arkansas 70-65 in overtime during the 2010-11 season. … They made 23 of 26 free throws.
Auburn: The Tigers tied up the series 10-10 with their fifth straight win over the Blazers. … They have outrebounded every opponent, winning the boards 35-31 this time. … Auburn made 9 of 15 3-pointers in the first half before cooling off (2 of 10).
HARPER'S START: Heron's roommate scored 13 points in the first 5 minutes, hitting all three 3-point attempts before relinquishing the hot hand to Brown. His next basket on a layup with 8:19 left in the game. “He was determined to come out and do what he did,” Pearl said.
UP NEXT
UAB returns home Saturday to face a third straight in-state opponent, Alabama A&M.
Auburn plays Middle Tennessee Saturday at Birmingham's Legacy Arena.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Grant County community leaders are devastated after a historic building was nearly destroyed by vandals.
Grant County Parks and Recreation officials said that the Rice Chapel, which is located at the Grant County Park, is currently a muddled mess.
They believe vandals busted down the door and caused destruction inside the church by breaking chairs, shredding hymnals, tossing flower pots and staining the walls with varnish.
"Heartbreaking just to see the church, this historic part of the county, just torn apart," Nick Wilson, the Assistant Director of the Parks and Recreation Department, said. "Just sad to see the stuff torn about, and what some people like myself regard as holy."
Park officials said they do not know who did it, when they did it or why they did it. They also do not yet know how much all of the damage is going to cost.
They said the building is a former African-American church that is an important part of local culture and the community narrative.
Parks Dept. officials describe damage as the worst they've seen @ the old church - say they "don't know why someone would do this" @FOX19 pic.twitter.com/Pj8A60wiwR — Jessica Schmidt (@JSchmidtTV) April 18, 2017
"In remembrance of the African-American community here and the role they played in the county," Wilson said.
The parks department is now working to hire a company to make needed repairs.
The directors are also looking at boosting security and plan to install a new, stronger door. They said that the Grant County Sheriff's Office is investigating and is upping patrols at the park.
This isn't the first time there has been damage at the park. In 2012, officials reported that someone set fire to a concession stand and to a historic school. The school, which was then located next to the Rice Chapel, was so severely damaged that it is no longer there.
Anyone who has information about the latest vandalism is asked to contact law enforcement and report it.
Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved.
Ann Boulton rounds up the Lincs ECB Premier action...
As Bracebridge Heath marched on at the top of the Readers Lincolnshire ECB Premier League, Grantham and Bourne hung on to second and third places by the skin of their teeth.
Grantham scored a one run victory over Sleaford while Bourne's win against Lindum came off the penultimate ball of the match.
At Gorse Lane, a sixth wicket partnership of 62 between Dan Webb and James Keast helped Grantham to 224 for eight after tight bowling from Sleaford had restricted the run rate.
Webb hit 66 but Sleaford also found batting form on Grantham's good track, Andy Hibberd putting together stands of 49 with Jack Wilson and 72 with Shaun Morris.
When Hibberd went for 93, Sleaford needed 17 to win off 21 balls but with two runs needed to win off the final delivery, Adi Sreeharan was run out, giving Grantham the narrowest of victories.
At Lindum, Richard Bishop hit 61 of the home side's 165 for eight while Tom Lindsay was unbeaten on 41 at the close.
Bourne were 66 for three when Sam Evison and Carl Wilson got together to add 48, but the next three wickets went for just five runs, including Evison for 44.
Quewin O'Connor and Rob Bentley added 26 and Tom Dixon then joined O'Connor to inch his side towards a three-wicket victory which came of the fifth ball of the final over.
Spalding scored a welcome win over Alford, who bowled the home side out for 167 only to collapse to 94 all out.
Spalding stay bottom, having been deducted points for playing an ineligible player, but Grimsby Town are still in danger in 11th place following defeat at Market Deeping.
Ali Sharpe took five wickets as Grimsby were bowled out for 133 and Nick Green added another 72 to his growing total of runs as Deeping claimed a four wicket win.
Boston moved up a place in the table after Paul Deans took five Woodhall Spa wickets to help bowl the home side out for 171, a total Boston overtook for the loss of six wickets.
Bracebridge Heath once again topped the 300 mark at Louth, Matt Lineker hitting 118 and Matt Carter 69 in their side's total of 337 for seven.
The home side were then bowled out for 110, Alex Willerton taking five wickets.
Results: Bracebridge Heath 337-7 (Lineker 118, M Carter 69), Louth 110 (Willerton 5-30); Grantham 224-8 (Webb 66), Sleaford 223-8 (Hibberd 93); Grimsby 133 (Sharp 5-50), Market Deeping 135-4 (N Green 72); Lindum 165-8 (Bishop 61), Bourne 169-7; Woodhall Spa 171 (Deans 5-49), Boston 172-6; Spalding 167, Alford 94.
Why it matters to you The phone seen inside the factory may be the iPhone 8, and the body doesn't have a rear cutout for a fingerprint sensor, signally Apple has solved its technical problems.
This year has seen more Apple iPhone rumors than ever before, and to accompany the leaks showing the possible iPhone 8/iPhone X design, specs, and features, a pair of videos apparently filmed inside the factory producing the phones have been published online. The release of the videos either highlights the difficulty Apple is having keeping its next phone a secret in 2017, or the extent to which it's orchestrating the leaks surrounding the device.
Neither video is very long, and at first glance, it's difficult to pick out much detail. However, pay close attention to the production line video, and you'll spot a device which matches many of the leaks we've already seen, with a very interesting omission. The 10-second video was filmed walking down a production line, where dozens of workers appear to polish the rear panel on a smartphone. A close up reveals the device has a vertically stacked dual-lens camera on the back, a distinct feature which has separated the iPhone X design leaks from other iPhone 7S/7S Plus models.
What's interesting here is the lack of a cutout for a fingerprint sensor on the rear, a feature feared to be introduced on the iPhone 8 by iPhone fans, due to Apple possibly being unable to integrate a fingerprint sensor into the phone's bezel-less screen. Its absence in the video isn't absolute proof Apple will use either an on-screen sensor or facial recognition only; but it seems unlikely a team of workers would be cleaning a device destined to have more holes cut in it later on.
The second video shows even less detail, as the individual filming the factory passes racks of smartphone bodies, apparently waiting for further processing. Pausing the video at the start shows the device has the same vertically stacked camera lens arrangement, and lack of further cutouts, on the back. The Apple logo is absent throughout, so it's not certain this is an iPhone. It's also unclear which factory is being filmed; but any Apple executive watching will likely be able to quickly find out.
Whether strategic leaks by Apple in the face of hyped-up and popular bezel-less phones from Samsung, LG, and others, or the work of daring insiders; the iPhone 8/iPhone X is likely the most leaked iPhone we've ever seen.
× Expand Photo by Sarah Finnegan. Fran Hoggle said if there was something she would change about Hoover, she would add more sidewalks and streetlights.
At 79, Fran Hoggle has seen a lot, including the dramatic expansion of the area known today as Hoover, where she's made her home for nearly 50 years.
A native of Washington, D.C., Hoggle, her husband and three children moved to Bluff Park in 1970 from the Eastlake area of Birmingham.
“My husband, a retired Marine who was in the iron and steel construction business, had grown up in the Birmingham area and really liked it,” Hoggle said. “But we were in a two-bedroom house in Eastlake and came to the Hoover area to buy a bigger home.”
That home on Farley Place — where she still resides — was surrounded by woods when the family moved in, and there were no subdivisions in sight, Hoggle said.
A Western Supermarket occupied the space where the Piggly Wiggly is; a dentist and beauty salon were on Shades Crest Road at Park Avenue; Mr. Parker's gas station was on the bluff and Bluff Park Hardware is still there, Hoggle said.
“Along Highway 31 there was a drug store, insurance company, the Hoover offices and jail and that was about it. And Highway 150 was two lanes with a mattress store and bank,” she said. “I mean, we used to pick blueberries along Chapel Road because it was just woods. It was such a small area that we really didn't think about ‘going to Hoover' at that time.”
In fact, Hoggle, who had begun a career as a lunchroom manager — first at Berry High School, then Simmons Middle School — in the mid-1970s, said she didn't think that many people had a vision of Hoover's future and possible growth at that time.
“I was taking a course at Samford University from a professor who had been a Realtor, and he told us about an owner of the land where the Galleria is now who had asked him to sell the property,” she said.
“And the professor told us, ‘That land is all hilly and rocky. Who would ever want to buy it?'”
Asked about the biggest change she has observed in her 47 years in Hoover, Hoggle said without hesitation: “Growth.”
“First, all the businesses along Highway 31 and 150, and then the housing,” she said. “There are so many homes being built and then a number of apartments over the years, I often wonder where all the people are coming from to live in them.”
If she could change one thing about the city, it would be to have more sidewalks, Hoggle said. “And streetlights,” she said. “I know my neighborhood really needs them, and there are more places in the city that do, too.”
Looking into the future, Hoggle said she hopes Hoover “doesn't grow too much more.”
“I certainly don't want it to expand like Birmingham,” she said. “And one reason is because it puts too much on our firefighters and police.”
Hoggle spares no words of praise for Hoover's first responders who have come to her assistance more than once.
“One day my husband had to go to the hospital but couldn't walk, and I couldn't carry him to the car, so I called 911, and they came immediately and carried him for me,” she said. “And on another day, he had fallen, and I called 911, and they were at our door by the time I hung up the phone.”
Hoggle also cites the Hoover city officials as being “very responsive” to the residents over the years and especially commends them for the creation of the Hoover Senior Center.
“I retired in 2000 and joined immediately and go two to three days each week,” she said. “If I just sat here, I'd go crazy, and with all their trips, activities and programs, it's really something I look forward to.”
Through the senior center, Hoggle said, she has met a number of residents who have relocated to Hoover because their adult children live here, something that doesn't surprise her.
“For the most part, Hoover is a very safe place to live and a great place to raise a family with friendly people, good schools and established neighborhoods,” she said.
“I've always thought of Hoover as a very comfortable place and would recommend it highly.”
American director Debra Granik has an odd sort of fame. Although her second film, 2010's Winter's Bone, was Oscar-nominated for the screenplay she co-wrote and for best picture of the year, it's perhaps more widely remembered as the film that made a star of Jennifer Lawrence.
So when Granik's newest film, Leave No Trace, featured a powerful performance from another relative unknown, 17-year-old Thomasin McKenzie of Wellington, New Zealand, critics wondered if lightning will strike again.
Granik's praise for her young star was reserved but precise when the two sat down with the press at May's Cannes film festival, where Leave No Trace screened as part of the Directors' Fortnight after premiering at Sundance in January.
“Thomasin has a very deep well of desire to explore and to learn,” she says. “And she's not a jaded individual; her future will be to take roles that she can get involved with, and stories that she likes. I believe she'll be very choosy about projects because she wants to put her heart in it. I don't see Thomasin as someone who's gong to call it in.”
Ironically, McKenzie did in fact call in her audition, performing a read-through with Granik over skype from her home in New Zealand. “In one of the scenes there was a rabbit, so I went down the road to my little sister's best friend's house and borrowed her rabbit Coco so I wasn't just pretending to hold something; I was actually holding a living thing.”
Granik smiles and turns to McKenzie. “That to me is a beautiful sign that someone wants to make it work. Effort is what you need to make films, and you exude that.”
Leave No Trace tells the story of a veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (Ben Foster) and living in the woods near Portland, Ore., with his teenaged daughter, Tom (McKenzie). When a mistake puts an end to their chosen lifestyle, the two must try to fit into society again.
Granik does not work quickly; Leave No Trace is only her fourth film since Down to the Bone in 2004, and including the 2014 documentary Stray Dog. Instead, she works hard to observe and learn about the type of story she wants to tell, with the result that many of the details have the ring of truth to them. Or they're just straight-up true, like the scene in the movie when a young man talks about building a tiny house that he can afford.
“You're always curious about that whom you know the least,” she explains. “I'm born into this female body and so who do I sometimes not understand? Men.”
In particular, the combat vet played by Foster. So she talked to real men who had lived that life, looking for what she calls “the ands,” those extra details about people.
“Could you tell me a little of what it's like to be you?” she remembers asking. “Could I observe a whole lot of things about you, and find all the ands? I've been shown one version for a lot of decades about men on screen and how they behave in relationships and family, and I'm looking for the ‘and.' OK … and you happen to bake cakes with power tools. I'm interested in that. Whatever it is, it's curiosity of the other. If I don't know what it's like to be you, I would love to have the chance to ask and try to observe and show some other things that I didn't see before.”
McKenzie learned a lot during the shoot as well, with fiction sometimes bleeding into reality. For instance, we see the character of Thomasin talking to a beekeeper and eventually holding some bees in her hand.
“That beekeeper, who is a real beekeeper in the Pacific Northwest, vetted Tom and said … you are calm enough to hold bees,” Granik recalls. “We called your parents. We stopped viewing it as a stunt, and viewed it as something that you were drawn to do.”
McKenzie picks up the thread. “And I wanted to do it really badly. It was the most incredible experience of my life, standing in front of a beehive and smelling the honey, and feeling the vibration and the warmth, and watching them work together and communicate with each other. It was, like, hypnotizing.”
And sometimes that fiction-bleeding-into-life was literal. “I injured myself … during the filming,” McKenzie recalls. “I was cutting the ferns and my hand slipped and I cut myself with a really sharp knife. I put my hand up, and then I was like, never mind, and I kept going.”
“She just kept going,” says Granik. “That was her first battle scar.” Not to jump the gun, but if McKenzie ever finds herself in a Hunger Games type of franchise, it sounds like she'll be ready.
‘Big crisis' leaves South Korea coach facing axe
South Korea coach Uli Steilike was facing the axe after a turbulent World Cup qualifying defeat to Qatar plunged the team into a “big crisis” on Wednesday.
The Taeguk Warriors weren't the only team to drop points in Tuesday's qualifiers, with Japan also conceding a late equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Iraq.
But after the 3-2 defeat in Doha — South Korea's first to Qatar in 32 years — the Korean Football Association turned on Steilike, whose team has also lost to Iran and China in Group A.
“This is a big crisis. We've lost a game which we should have won. The possibility of us surviving in the qualifying rounds is now in limbo,” KFA spokesman Cho Jun-Heon told AFP.
“KFA may discuss the coach's position when it holds a meeting of its technical committee,” he added.
The technical committee is due to meet as early as Thursday, with the agenda likely to be dominated by discussions over Stielike, KFA officials said.
South Korea, seeking their ninth consecutive World Cup appearance, are clinging to the second automatic qualifying spot, seven points behind already-qualified Iran and just one ahead of Uzbekistan.
“I take full responsibility for this result,” said Stielike after the game. “I am the one who makes the tactical decisions.”
Asked if he would consider his position, the German said it was not up to him. “I have to say this is not my decision, we have to wait and see,” he said.
– T-shirt protest –
Steilike may not be the only managerial departure after the game as Qatar coach Jorge Fossati strongly hinted at his resignation despite the shock win.
The 2022 World Cup hosts, caught up in a diplomatic crisis after its Gulf neighbours severed ties, may also be in breach of FIFA's rules against political statements.
Players warmed up wearing T-shirts with an image of the country's emir, which has been adopted as a symbol of defiance by Qataris.
Midfielder Hasan Al-Haydos also waved one of the T-shirts as he celebrated scoring the opening goal. No immediate comment was available from FIFA.
While Qatar maintained their slim hopes of reaching Russia 2018, South Korea were dealt a further blow after striker Son Heung-Min suffered a suspected broken arm.
Korean newspapers called for Steilike to go. The Sports Chosun said the game was a “disaster” and that the last two qualifiers against Iran and Uzbekistan were “matches before the gallows”.
“Stielike deceived fans. It's high time for him to leave,” a Sports Seoul headline read.
Japan's campaign also took a hit when they failed to beat already-eliminated Iraq, leaving them just one point clear of Saudi Arabia and Australia at the top of Group B.
The Blue Samurai play Australia and the Saudis in their final two games in what is shaping up as a high-pressure climax to qualifying.
The top two teams from each of Asia's two groups advance directly to the 2018 World Cup, while the two third-place teams go into a play-off series.
Marcello Lippi's China also had a night to forget when an injury-time equaliser consigned them to a 2-2 draw with Syria, putting them on the verge of elimination.
The United Arab Emirates are also in deep trouble in Group B despite Ali Mabkhout's stoppage-time strike which rescued a 1-1 draw with Thailand.
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News, Headlines and Opinions – The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MANAGUA, Nicaragua — Nicaraguan authorities have released some student protesters arrested during anti-government demonstrations over the past week as President Daniel Ortega seeks to lower tensions.
With freshly shaved heads and some bearing bruises they said were inflicted by police during their captivity, students were dropped along a highway on the outskirts of the capital.
The police said in a statement Tuesday that students were handed over to their families and religious committees.
Ortega on Sunday repealed a social security overhaul that would have increased contributions and reduced pensions. The changes triggered protests that soon spread beyond the social security system. Right groups say at least 30 people died.
Pablo Cuevas of the Permanent Commission on Human Rights accused police of violating students' due process and being guilty of beatings and theft.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Israel Police Raid Publishing House in Search for Classified Memoir Written by Jailed ex-PM Olmert
Police suspect that Ehud Olmert's attorney failed to hand over drafts of his clients autobiography for censorship, which must be cleared by the Defense Ministry before publication
BEIRUT — Turkey's seizure of the town of Afrin in northern Syria is a significant military achievement for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan that gives him control over a large chunk of Syrian territory but also entrenches his troops as an occupying force in a crowded terrain packed with adversaries.
Ignoring criticism by the United States and Europe of his eight-week military offensive, Turkish forces and allied Syrian militiamen swept into Afrin on Sunday, marching victoriously into the town's centre and shooting in the air in celebration.
And it doesn't stop there, Erdoğan says.
Emboldened, he vowed on Monday to expand military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria and even into neighbouring Iraq — a move that would potentially put his troops in direct confrontation with U.S. troops stationed nearby.
The main Kurdish militia, acknowledging defeat in Afrin, has vowed to turn to guerrilla warfare to confront Turkish troops.
Here's a look at Turkey's seizure of Afrin, and what lies ahead:
——
WHAT DOES Erdoğan REALLY WANT?
At this point, that question is anyone's guess. Turkey has long backed rebels fighting to oust President Bashar Assad from power, opening its borders to foreign fighters to join the war in Syria.
But the war has greatly empowered Erdoğan's No. 1 enemy, the Kurds, whose rag-tag fighters Turkey considers to be “terrorists” and an extension of its own Kurdish insurgency. In the chaos of war, the Kurdish fighters have partnered with the United States to fight the Islamic State group and carved out a huge autonomous region along the border with Turkey, amounting to a quarter of Syria's entire territory.
That has led Ankara to recalibrate its focus toward halting Kurdish expansionism.
Erdoğan, who first launched military operations in Syria in 2016, has repeatedly said Turkey will not allow a “terror corridor” along its border and has vowed to push eastward in Syria after Afrin, to prevent the Kurdish militia from linking up territories it controls in eastern and western Syria. Turkey is home to some 3 million Syrian refugees, and Turkey has also said Afrin could be a place where those refugees would return to.
Afrin, a separate Kurkish-run canton cut off from the rest of Kurdish-held territory by a Turkish-held enclave, was an easy target.
But by pushing eastward as he is threatening to do, Erdoğan risks overplaying his hand and getting bogged down in a fight bigger than Turkey can handle.
——
WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR THE KURDS?
It's a huge setback. Until a few months ago, Syria's long-marginalized Kurds were described as the biggest winners in Syria's civil war. They bragged of being the main ground force that ousted the Islamic State group out of its strongholds in Syria, including Raqqa, the extremist group's de facto capital.
But the Kurds' dream of self-rule is looking increasingly fragile. They have been historically used and cast aside, and may once again become the losers in the big powers' play over influence in Syria.
The Turkish offensive on Afrin, which began Jan. 20, has put the U.S. in a tough spot, juggling between the interests of the Kurds, its only ally in war-torn Syria, and its relations with Turkey, a key NATO ally. It did not move a finger to help the Kurds fight for Afrin.
The Kurds vowed to defend the enclave until the end, describing it as an existential fight to preserve their territory. They relocated hundreds of fighters from front lines with the Islamic State group to bolster the defence of Afrin.
In the end, they were no match for Turkey's NATO army's overwhelming firepower.
The Kurds lost more than 800 fighters in the 58 days of fighting for Afrin. An estimated 500 civilians were killed, and tens of thousands of Afrin residents streamed out of the town before the Turkish troops entered.
The Kurdish fighters also withdrew, ostensibly, to spare the remaining civilians.
——
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
A lot hinges on whether Erdoğan goes ahead with his threat to expand military operations eastward, toward the town of Manbij and other areas east of the Euphrates River controlled by U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish forces, and where U.S. bases are also housed.
While the U.S. was able to distance itself from the fighting in Afrin, it can't sit by silently if Turkey expands the fight to Manbij. Kurdish guerrilla-type attacks against Turkey and its Syrian allies could also jeopardize the U.S.-led mission to stabilize areas that have been captured from IS.
President Bashar Assad's response is also an open question. His forces are now preoccupied with recapturing eastern Ghouta, near Damascus, and other areas deemed more essential. But he has condemned Turkish “occupation” of parts of northern Syria and vowed to eventually recapture the region.
Another major question is whether the takeover would lead to ethnic cleansing of the Kurdish majority there. Images that emerged Sunday following Afrin's takeover bode ill for the future of the ethnically-mixed region. Afrin residents reported widespread looting and pillaging soon after Turkish troops and allied Syrian fighters marched into the town centre Sunday.
Turkey, along with its Syrian allies, already controls large chunks of territory east of Afrin. But its presence there was more accepted than in Afrin because it chased IS militants from those areas.
Some 200,000 people fled Afrin over the past few days, and whether they will be permitted to return remains an open question.
NCAA, FAAN Say Abuja Airport is Ready for Use
The Director-General, Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Usman Muktar, says the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, runway is ready for operation and can be opened on Wednesday. Muktar stated this while speaking with newsmen during an inspection of the airport's runway on Monday in Abuja. The Abuja airport was closed on March 8 for six […]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NAPLES, Fla. (AP) – A potential solution to a troublesome sand shortage off Southeast Florida is tucked away in a massive water resources funding bill President Barack Obama signed into law last month.
The 2016 Water Resources Development Act authorizes the Army Corps of Engineers to study the potential of using foreign sand, such as from the Bahamas, to widen shorelines and protect coasts from hurricanes like the ones that lashed the Big Bend and northeastern Florida last summer.
In its “Shrinking Shores” investigation last year, the Naples Daily News reported Miami-Dade and Broward counties have exhausted their deposits of available offshore sand, leaving only sand that is too far offshore to retrieve or is nestled among protected reefs or other underwater marine features.
Get our hottest stories
delivered to your inbox Sign up for News Channel 8's Noon Newsletter to get
updates on the day's top stories Privacy Policy | Manage Newsletters
POCATELLO, Idaho — Jared Stutzman scored 17 points with five rebounds and Idaho State beat Division II Northwest Nazarene 73-57 on Saturday night.
Novak Topalovic added 13 points and 10 rebounds for the Bengals (3-5). Kyle Ingram and Balint Mocsan had 10 points apiece. Ingram also had 10 rebounds.
In the first half, five steals by Northwest Nazarene contributed to 12 Idaho State turnovers but Idaho State held on for a 39-32 edge at intermission.
The Bengals scored the first 10 points of the second half to open a 17-point lead and they led by double figures the rest of the way. Stutzman drained a 3-pointer and a Tapalovic made a jumper to stretch it 70-57 with 3:52 remaining and Northwest Nazarene went scoreless in the final four minutes.
Khalil Thompson scored 19 points to lead the Crusaders. Maurice Jones added 13 points and led the team with 11 rebounds and six steals.
From social media to smart phones, the marketing landscape has changed dramatically over the last 15 years.
The popularity of Pokémon Go last year suggests that people were willing to opt into well-crafted augmented realities and artificial intelligence. Growth challenges for both Snapchat and Twitter illustrate that even the hottest social media platforms can miss expectations. And the rise of smart helpers or digital assistants like Siri, Google Home, and Alexa mean more people are talking to their devices.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Top 5 marketing trends for 2018 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Ultimately, there are scores of promising marketing trends that all leaders should consider in the upcoming days and weeks. Here are five marketing trends to think about for 2018.
Optimize for voice-enabled devices
Voice-enabled technology is poised to overtake touch screens as the new way to access information and entertainment. Research how to optimize your content with long-tail search terms for voice searches.
Google Home units and Google phones are on display at the Google booth during CES 2018 at the Las Vegas Convention Center on January 10, 2018 in Las Vegas. Alex Wong / Getty Images
LinkedIn becomes the social butterfly
LinkedIn isn't just a resume posting, job searching site any more. It has become a go-to digital gathering place where professionals network, search for credible content, and engage with some of the most influential thought leaders.
Don't stress out over Snapchat
Most popular among millennials and Generation Z, Snapchat was supposed to be the hottest marketing tool of 2017. However, as of October this year Snapchat usage among top influencers was down by about 33 percent.
A Snap Inc. representative wears a Snapchat shirt while reviewing a resume during the TechFair LA job fair on Jan. 26, 2017 in Los Angeles. Patrick T. Fallon / Bloomberg via Getty Images
Consider artificial intelligence
From chatbots to automated messages to augmented reality programs, think of ways that you can use artificial intelligence and machine learning to inform and engage your potential clients in 2018.
Make your brand's personal story a star
People have not suddenly become ok with being spoken at. They're tired of irrelevant messages and hard selling. So instead, develop content that brings your customers behind the scenes of your brand, allows them to get to know your staff, and makes your mission king.
HOUSTON (AP) — Andre Johnson will sign a one-day contract with Houston on Wednesday so he can retire as a Texan.
Johnson was released in 2014 after spending his first 12 seasons with the Texans. He spent one season with the Colts before retiring last season after spending the first eight games with the Titans.
The third overall pick in the 2003 draft, Johnson left Houston as the franchise's career leader in receptions (1,012), yards receiving (13,597), receiving touchdowns (64) and 100-yard games (51).
Johnson started 169 games for Houston and had seven 1,000-yard receiving seasons, including a career-high and franchise-record 1,598 yards receiving in 2012.
The Texans will honor him with a ceremony on Wednesday to commemorate his retirement.
After Moriah Peters auditioned for “American Idol” during her senior year of high school, she walked away feeling discouraged. However today she looks back and realizes that that rejection has actually led to the best things in her life.
The now 24-year-old has said that the “Idol” judges once mocked her religious lifestyle, but now she looks back on the experience as a lesson.
Peters is now starring in her first movie, a faith-based film titled “Because of Gracia.” She plays a high schooler named Gracia who shares striking similarities with Peters in real life. In the film, Gracia is mocked for her good girl image.
Peters told Fox News that the movie will strike a chord with viewers because of the characters in the film.
“… At one point I thought the director created [the] story based on my experiences that he had seen in interviews online because they are so similar, but I think that people will really find a connection to characters…” she said.
Peters was 16 when she stood in front of the “Idol” judges.
“The thing I have come to realize about my ‘American Idol' experience is that just like so many of the other things that we go through in life that are difficult, those are the moments that make us and lead us to all of the opportunities to get to find as we are older.”
Peters' said the rejection brought a sense of gratitude.
“Now I have come to look back on that time with such gratitude, because had that opportunity not closed I wouldn't have found all the incredible experiences I have been able to have years later. I think national recording records and touring, meeting my husband eventually and making this movie…all of that stemmed from that what was once rejection and now I can now see a redirection.”
“Because of Gracia” hits theaters September 15th.
You can follow Blanche Johnson on Twitter @blancheFOXLA.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
ABOARD THE OPEN ARMS IN THE MEDITERRANEAN SEA — Izzeddin al-Ghalban's first attempt to reach Europe ended when the boat engine died. The Libyan coast guard thwarted his second. After a third try, the 23-year-old rested on the deck of a Spanish aid group's rescue ship as it headed toward Barcelona, grateful that he finally made it.
"Libya is hell," al-Ghalban told the Associated Press on Tuesday aboard the Open Arms, a ship run by charity Proactiva Open Arms.
The young Palestinian from Gaza was one of 60 migrants the crew of the Open Arms rescued Saturday from a rubber boat floating in waters off Libya's coast, a scenario that's been repeated over and over on the Mediterranean Sea in recent years.
Such rescues are getting increasingly complicated after Italy's new government closed its ports to ships like the Open Arms, calling them de facto "taxi services" for human smugglers operating in Libya.
Aid groups deny any links to the smugglers, saying they are trying to save lives amid a human catastrophe. Thousands of people have perished trying to cross the Mediterranean in flimsy vessels since 2015.
After the island nation of Malta also denied the Open Arms authorization to dock, Spain agreed for the second time this summer to receive a ship carrying migrants from the rescue zone off Libya, even though the country is much further away.
Forget the social chaff and political countermeasures being promoted in the media. It is all manufactured distraction. It's MONEY that matters to the powerful interests in the upper suites of the corporate media apparatus.
Everything, e.v.e.r.y.t.h.i.n.g, every story, is circling the upcoming economic and financial trade confrontations. There are trillions at stake and President Donald Trump is facing off against the international “BIG CLUB”. The purchased multinational political entities who operate within the massive and institutional multinational corporate and financial networks behind the World Bank and World Trade Organization.
NAFTA re-negotiations are set to begin in Washington DC this coming Wednesday. President Trump is meeting with Trade Team U.S.A tonight.
♦ Last week Mexico's Economic Minister Ildefonso Guajardo threatened to flood the U.S. with illegal aliens, South American gangs and massive illegal drugs shipments if the U.S. doesn't keep favor with Mexico in the trilateral trade deal. –LINK–
♦ Now today, Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland states that Canada will walk away from re-negotiated NAFTA if Chapter 19 trade dispute resolutions are not retained. –LINK–
What Canada seeks to keep is a dispute mechanism that specifically politicizes the NAFTA trade resolution process. Chapter 19 establishes a bi-national panel who make binding decisions on complaints about illegal subsidies, dumping, manipulation of trade and possible countervailing duties.
Essentially the Chapter 19 panel establishes a system where if Mexican and Canadian NAFTA representatives agree together against the U.S. on a trade dispute, the U.S. loses the underlying claim/argument.
Obviously it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see the framework for two lesser parasites aligning in common cause against a singular host.
You can learn more about the Chapter 19 issues at this link.
These type of political and manipulative trade constructs is why President Trump was initially in favor of just abandoning NAFTA altogether. President Trump would prefer to construct trade agreements on a bilateral basis with individual nations making sure that each trade agreement held the best interests of the U.S. at the forefront.
Chapter-19-type rules for resolution of trade disputes – empowers and authorizes aligned nations, in this case Canada and Mexico, to undermine U.S. economic interests by uniting against the U.S. position during a trade dispute.
This trade approach weakens the scale of leverage carried by the sheer size and scale of the U.S. market. This is one of the ways U.S. interests are undermined by nations who seek maximum access to U.S. markets, and also seek to limit their own economy from fair, equitable and reciprocal trade.
Retention of rules as carried within the Chapter 19 NAFTA dispute resolution process, are the types of issues politicians are paid to retain by lobbyists representing multinational corporations and international trade nation-states.
It will be interesting to see what happens on this one. This rule needs to be eliminated or entirely changed to allow direct confrontation during a specific trade dispute with a neutral arbiter – outside the trade agreement and outside of national politics.. Let the arguments happen in local courts if arbitration doesn't provide equity and agreement.
Again, the U.S. has nothing to lose on the downside. If Canada walks away, NAFTA can be scrapped and bilateral trade deals become the process to negotiate between the U.S and Canada. Team Trump would presumably like to see Canada walk away.
If President Trump holds firm to his internal compass (and gut instincts) he will most likely not allow Secretary Wilbur Ross and USTR Robert Lighthizer to keep current Chapter 19 dispute resolutions as part of a new NAFTA deal.
This is very important…. Most of the issues which have eroded the U.S. economic base and caused hardships for middle-class Americans are specifically due to politics in trade and economics. –EXPLAINED HERE– That reality is specifically why lobbyists pay for DC politicians to support specific aspects within U.S. trade policy. That reality is also how politicians get rich by selling their influence on U.S. trade policy.
Who loses?
YOU !
Advertisements
We scour the web every week to find the best tech deals around so you don't have to. Our top picks for Monday, August 14, include a laptop cooling pad, an HDTV antenna, a soundbar, a pair of Beats headphones, and a Wi-Fi extender.
Our Top Pick
Honorable Mentions
Refurbished Apple Products For a limited time, you can enjoy savings of up to 30 percent on Apple-certified refurbished products.
HP Notebooks and Desktops For a limited time, get $150 off select notebooks and desktops from HP with offer code 150BTSDEAL.
MORE DEALS
Looking for more great deals on tech and electronics? Check out our deals page to score some extra savings on our favorite gadgets.
Women often spot dark circles under their eyes, and while there are certain ways to identify what causes them and how to get rid of them, sometimes they just need a quick fix. Well, makeup is the answer here! So, here are four eye makeup tricks to help you cover dark circles like a pro makeup artist.
1. Choose a concealer that matches your skin tone, and then apply it in a triangular shape. After you blend in the concealer so well, you'll notice that this eye makeup trick has brightened up your face, helping you cover the dark circles better.
2. This eye makeup trick might sound a bit weird, but you can actually use red lipstick to help you cover dark circles. It's tried and tested by many makeup artists, and it works because the red shade covers the purplish blue shade that results from dark circles around your eyes. Just make you apply a thin layer of lipstick, blend it, and then apply a thin layer of concealer that you also have to blend very well.
3. Forget about concealer, and try to focus on your eyelashes! There's a simple trick to thicken them without using any fake lashes... Sprinkle baby powder on your eyelashes, and then apply your mascara. When your eyelashes look long and thick, your eyes will look more bright, and this will help you hide the dark circles.
4. After you're done with your eye makeup, apply a bit of highlighter on your fingertip, and dab it onto the inner corners of your eyes. This will also drive the attention away from the dark circles under your eyes.
The criminal case against the 29-year-old Crookston man officially was closed Tuesday after Judge Tamara Yon sentenced him in Polk County District Court for his actions during a confrontation with John Henry Torres, who died after hitting his head Dec. 25, 2015, outside Captain Crooks bar. Prosecutors failed to convince a jury that a shove from Strommen caused Torres' death.
Strommen didn't deny pushing Torres, but he said he never saw Torres fall, suggesting the victim slipped on the ice.
Torres died a week later at Altru Hospital in Grand Forks due to head injuries.
Last month, jurors acquitted Strommen of the most serious charges: first-degree manslaughter, a felony; and fifth-degree assault, a misdemeanor. The jury did find Strommen guilty of misdemeanor disorderly conduct.
Yon sentenced Strommen to 90 days in jail, the maximum sentence for the charge under Minnesota law. But Strommen will get credit for time served, meaning he does not have to spend any more time in jail. He was ordered to pay $1,085 in court fees and fines.
Torres' fiancee, Rita Saenz, faced Strommen in court, telling him "you destroyed my family." She insisted Strommen killed the man she loved, though she was not present during the altercation.
"He doesn't feel bad, I see nothing but evilness in his eyes," Saenz told Forum News Service. "I wanted him to look at me, look at my kids so that he could see what I have to see with my kids every day."
Strommen remained silent throughout Tuesday's hearing, only shaking his head when Yon asked if he had anything to say before his sentencing. Strommen did not look at Saenz during the hearing. He also declined to give comment to reporters from WDAZ.
Saenz told WDAZ she felt the justice system failed her, adding her family will never see closure.
"I tried everything I could do," she said. "I tried to do it, and I feel like I failed my husband because I was going to get justice, and I wasn't able to do that."
WDAZ and the Grand Forks Herald are owned by the Forum Communications Co.
Sports News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: ghanacrusader.com
2017-08-14
Godfred Donsah
Italy based Ghanaian midfielder, Godfred Donsah, is set for a switch to Serie A rivals Torino. The Bologna midfield enforcer is on the verge of sealing a three year deal with the Turin based side after a protracted negotiation all summer long.
The hard tackling midfielder has been on the radar of Torino for the better part of the summer transfer window, with reports linking as a replacement for compatriot, Afriyie Acquah. The energetic anchorman enjoyed a breakthrough season with Bologna to earn himself the possible dream move Turin.
Reports in the Italian media all but confirmed the imminent arrival of Donsah. His arrival could pave way for the imminent departure of Afriyie Acquah, who could likely head to the Skybet Championship with The Blue Birds bent of adding the Ghanaian to their books.
Tea And Bread: Nollywood Producer Recreates Aki And Pawpaw; Maybe Sued
A Nollywood producer has recreated the industry big movie -Aki and Pawpaw, in Tea and Bread. According to those who has seen the movie, the movie is said to be everything the same with the popular Aki and Pawpaw movie except for the actors. Industry observers have faulted the Enugu based producer for carrying out …
The post Tea And Bread: Nollywood Producer Recreates Aki And Pawpaw; Maybe Sued appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester will be hit with thunderstorms later this week, as forecasters warn of torrential rain and even flooding.
The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for heavy rainfall between 00.01am on Friday (June 1) and 9pm that evening – with most of the day forecast to be wet.
An area of thunderstorms across southern England and Wales is expected to move northwestwards towards Northern Ireland during Friday morning replaced by scattered thunderstorms across southern, central and North West England and Wales.
Forecasters say 20-30mm of rain is anticipated to fall within an hour, and even as much as 60mm in a few hours, along with the possibility of frequent lightning and large hail.
A well-publicized offseason trade by the Arizona Cardinals dramatically improved their ability to sack opposing quarterbacks
The Arizona Cardinals had to have been surprised by their good fortune. It's not often that a team is willing to trade away a stud pass rusher in his prime.
General manager Steve Keim managed to coax the New England Patriots into shipping sack master Chandler Jones to the desert. All it took was a first-round bust named Jonathan Cooper and a second-round draft pick to get it done. To say the trade worked out for the Cards is an understatement.
Jones was able to record 11 sacks, a double-digit total Arizona was counting on from the Pro Bowler when they acquired him. Besides that production, the effect Jones' mere presence had on the rest of the defense is immeasurable.
Second-year edge rusher Markus Golden benefited the most. He had an astounding 12.5 sacks after posting just four during his rookie campaign.
More from Raising Zona
Besides Golden, defensive end Calais Campbell's eight sacks were his most in three years. Inside linebacker Kevin Minter chipped in 3.5 quarterback take downs, the most he has had in his four seasons in the NFL. Jones' domino effect on the group is clearly evident.
As a team, Arizona went from being tied for 20th in sacks last year, to first in 2016 (48). That's an excellent leap in production. The only difference from last season was the insertion of Jones into the defense.
Another pass-rushing feat was accomplished in 2016. Golden and Jones became only the third tandem in organization history to both reach double-digit sacks for the season. Curtis Greer and Al “Bubba” Baker were the last duo to reach the mark, doing so during the1984 season.
Keim deserves major kudos for obtaining Jones, but the key now is to re-sign the free agent-to-be. Based on what premium pass-rushers are being paid these days, Jones won't come cheap. One thing's for certain, whatever money it will take to retain the veteran will be funds well spent.
This article originally appeared on
Share
Cryptocurrency is having a tough time lately, with extreme volatility in its value and issues around fraud and abuse in cryptocurrency exchanges given it a bad name and causing governments and private organizations to take steps to limit its impact. Regarding the latter, both Facebook and Google are banning cryptocurrency advertising on their ad networks and now another social media giant, Twitter, is thinking of following suit.
The report comes via Sky News, and according to the outlet, Twitter will start banning advertisements for initial coin offerings (ICOs), cryptocurrency wallets, and token sales sometime within the next two weeks. Also under consideration is a ban on cryptocurrency exchange advertisements, although apparently, Twitter might consider some exceptions in this category. While Twitter's overall share of the online advertising market is low, its decision to limit cryptocurrency advertising is a very visible action given its importance in the social media sphere.
The reasons given for these bans are varied, but they mostly involve deceptive or misleading activities that lead to trader losses. Regarding its own ban, Facebook said in a statement in January, “Two of our core advertising principles outline our belief that ads should be safe, and that we build for people first. Misleading or deceptive ads have no place on Facebook.” For now, Facebook's ban is very broad, and it covers all of its platforms including Facebook itself, Audience Network, and Instagram.
Google's ban, on the other hand, is aiming its own efforts on “unregulated or speculative financial products,” of which cryptocurrency is just one element. The search giant removed more than 3.2 billion ads in 2017 generated by roughly 320,000 ad publishers. Cryptocurrency ads are being categorized as “emerging threats” and Google's concerns with them mostly involve the unregulated nature of cryptocurrency markets. Google's ban will go into effect in June across its Google Ads network.
With many government agencies looking to regulate and limit cryptocurrencies and the markets springing up around them, the future of the exchange medium remains uncertain. Twitter's move is just one more in a long line of efforts to limit their impact and to minimize the damage to unprepared traders based on deceptive promotional activities.
Astronomers have found the hottest known exoplanet, a world where temperatures exceed those on the surface of most stars.
The Jupiter-like planet, known as KELT-9b, zips around its hot host star once every 1.5 Earth days. Its orbit is so tight that the gas giant is tidally locked, always showing the same face to the star, just as the moon shows only one face to Earth.
Temperatures on KELT-9b's "day side" reach a blazing 7,800 degrees Fahrenheit (4,300 Celsius), the planet's discoverers said. That's hotter than the surface of the dwarf stars that dominate the Milky Way galaxy, and just 2,200 degrees F (1,200 degrees C) cooler than the surface of the sun. (However, temperatures in the sun's outer atmosphere, or corona, can reach about 3 million degrees F, or 1.67 million degrees C.)
Related: Gallery: The Strangest Alien Planets
Such extreme temperatures make KELT-9b a truly otherworldly place. For example, molecules such as water and carbon dioxide likely cannot exist in the planet's atmosphere, the researchers said.
"It's a planet by any of the typical definitions based on mass, but its atmosphere is almost certainly unlike any other planet we've ever seen just because of the temperature of its day side," Scott Gaudi, professor of astronomy at The Ohio State University, said in a statement. Gaudi is co-leader of the study announcing the discovery of KELT-9b, which was published today (June 5) in the journal Nature.
The host star KELT-9 is bigger and hotter than the sun, and its intense radiation is causing KELT-9b's atmosphere to puff up: The planet is 2.8 times more massive than Jupiter but only half as dense, researchers said.
Related: Alien Solar System Gives Up More Secrets
"KELT-9 radiates so much ultraviolet radiation that it may completely evaporate the planet," study co-leader Keivan Stassun, a professor of physics and astronomy at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee, said in the same statement. "Or, if gas giant planets like KELT-9b possess solid rocky cores as some theories suggest, the planet may be boiled down to a barren rock, like Mercury."
The researchers discovered KELT-9b using the Kilodegree Extremely Little Telescope (KELT) at Winer Observatory in southeastern Arizona, which spotted the exoplanet crossing, or transiting, its host star's face. (There is another KELT scope in South Africa as well; the inexpensive instruments are designed to detect planets transiting relatively bright stars.)
Related: Living on the TRAPPIST-1 Planets Would Be Very Strange
The astronomers aim to observe KELT-9b with other instruments, including NASA's Hubble and Spitzer space telescopes and the agency's $8.9 billion James Webb Space Telescope, which is scheduled to launch in late 2018.
Hubble imagery could reveal if KELT-9b really is evaporating — if it possesses a comet-like tail — and help astronomers assess how long the planet might be able to survive as a gas giant (as opposed to a radiation-blasted core).
"As we seek to develop a complete picture of the variety of other worlds out there, it's important to know not only how planets form and evolve, but also when and under what conditions they are destroyed," Stassun said.
The research team also presented the new results today at the 230th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Austin, Texas.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
LONDON — Milos Raonic's big serve powered him to another victory at Wimbledon.
The No. 13 seed advanced to the third round of the grass-court Grand Slam on Wednesday with a 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over unseeded Australian John Millman.
Raonic had just four break-point opportunities in the match, winning one.
But Millman did next to nothing against Raonic's serve, converting on one-of-two break-point chances. Raonic had 34 aces, compared to only three for Millman.
The 27-year-old from Thornhill, Ont., leads the ATP Tour in the past year with wins in 73.7 per cent of his tiebreaks, a trend Raonic continued in his second-round victory.
A return to Wimbledon for the 2016 finalist seems to have given Raonic a boost. He lost in the first round of the Australian Open this year and missed the French Open with an injury, one of several health setbacks he has suffered in the past few years.
Raonic avoided a confrontation with a seeded player in the third round as qualifier Dennis Novak of Austria upset No. 17 Lucas Paille of France 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 on Wednesday.
Novak, ranked 171st in the world, defeated Canadian Peter Polansky in the first round. Novak and Raonic will be squaring off for the first time.
Later Wednesday, Gabriela Dabrowski of Ottawa and partner Yifan Xu of China, the sixth seeds in the women's doubles draw, open their tournament against American Alison Riske and Olga Savchuk of Ukraine.
Eugenie Bouchard of Westmount, Que., and No. 26 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill, Ont., are expected to play second-round matches on Thursday.
The team is promising a fast experience, too, with "fully optimized" code that runs at 60FPS if you're fortunate enough to own a PS4 Pro.
In many ways, H1Z1 is effectively the PUBG substitute on the PS4 with a semi-realistic setting and the weapons to match. However, the speed is arguably closer to that of Fortnite. Where a PUBG match can go on for ages if you make it to the final few players (that's changing with the new Savage map), H1Z1 is designed to wrap up in 15 minutes or less. That might be alluring if you're more interested in a thrill ride than the slow-building tension that tends to define the battle royale genre.
You have to hand it to the nuclear industry for socializing costs and privatizing profits. Last year, lobbyists for operators of dirty, deadbeat old reactors won massive public subsidies — bailouts — in New York and Illinois that will keep decrepit, retirement-age reactors from shutting down.
Instead of turning off the rattle traps — and investing public funds in renewables – state-sponsored electric ratepayer handouts in the two states will total $10 billion over 12 years. Remember Reagan's mythical “welfare queens”? These utilities are welfare gods, propping up decrepit reactors by buying entire state legislatures that in turn legalize monthly electric bill increases.
In New York, the FitzPatrick reactor (Entergy Corp) and Nine Mile Point station (Exelon Corp) join the Ginna reactor in foisting rate hikes on customers, giveaways that will keep the failed reactors spewing “allowable” radioactive emissions to the air and water indefinitely.
Tim Knauss, reporting for the Syracuse Post-Standard wrote, “The once money-losing nuclear plants are now expected to add millions to the profits of parent company Exelon Corp.” The windfall for the dividend-earning class is considerable. A single large power reactor can draw $1 million in profit every month for the owners and shareholders.
In Illinois, the Clinton and Quad Cities reactors will be saved from the axe by a similar bailout engineered by Exelon Corp last December. Like clockwork, Exelon told it investors in February that “cash flow and profit outlook have improved thanks to the New York nuclear subsidies and a similar program adopted in Illinois,” Knauss reported. Dave Kraft, director of Chicago-based Nuclear Energy Information Service, explained the downside in an email: “Mortgaging our energy future by bailing out the energy past deliberately stifles the real energy and climate solutions we need: more energy efficiency, and aggressive use of renewables. The utilities that rationalize ‘bailout' have no real concern for either climate change relief or consumers' pocketbooks — only their own corporate bottom line. Legislators who think otherwise are either naïve and ignorant or bought-and-paid-for — or both.”
It gets worse. According to Prof. Karl Grossman, the nuclear “industry hopes that if New York succeeds, it could pressure other states to adopt similar subsides.” One Reuters headline was: “New York could show the way to rescue US nuclear plants.” Case in point: in Ohio Apr. 26, Sen. John Eklund (R) put up Senate Bill 128 which, if enacted, will add a hefty tax to electric bills and bail out FirstEnergy, saving its otherwise bankrupt Davis-Besse and Perry reactors from closure. Ohio citizens' groups and others are fighting this corporate welfare. AARP Ohio said the give-away would raise electric bills “almost $60 a year for up to 16 years — a real burden for people on fixed incomes.” The Ohio Manufacturers' Association, the American Petroleum Institute-Ohio, the Alliance for Energy Choice, and the Electric Power Supply Association all argue that the bill only pads FirstEnergy's bank account while other states —including Wisconsin, Vermont, Massachusetts, and Nebraska — have opted to let insolvent reactors close for good.
To postpone nuclear power's inevitable demise, the failed industry needs to take the subsidies nationwide, according to Tim Judson, Director of Nuclear Information and Resource Service (NIRS) in Maryland. Judson warned April 4 that, “The price would be outrageous. If reactor subsidies go nationwide, it could cost $130-$280 billion by 2030.” Bailout legislation for dilapidated reactors is now pending: in Connecticut, for Millstone 2 & 3; in New Jersey, for Salem 1 & 2 and Hope Creek; in Texas, for South Texas 1 & 2 and Comanche Peak 1 & 2; in Maryland, for Calvert Cliffs 1 & 2; and for nine reactors in Pennsylvania including Beaver Valley 1 & 2, Three Mile Island 1, Susquehanna 1 & 2, Limerick 1 & 2, and Peach Bottom 2 & 3.
Buddy Can You Spare a Billion Dollars?
At the other end of current nuclear biz, reactor construction delays and cost overruns have now bankrupted Toshiba's Westinghouse Electric. Westinghouse, as the New York Times said, is “a once-proud name that, in years past, symbolized … supremacy in nuclear power.” That was then; before David Shipley, writing for Bloomberg, reported that the March 29 “bankruptcy of Westinghouse Electric Co. is yet more evidence, if anyone needed any, that the economics of nuclear power are not good… nuclear energy can't compete against cheap natural gas and ever-cheaper renewables.”
Toshiba/Westinghouse has lost over $6 billion trying to build four new reactors in the United States, two in Georgia and two in South Carolina, which may now be abandoned. The Vogtle project in Waynesboro, Georgia was first projected to cost $14 billion: no bargain at all considering the plummeting cost of solar, and wind, and the “negawatts” produced by conservation and efficiency. Now three years behind schedule and with Westinghouse buried under a mountain of lawsuits, one utility expert testified the actual cost will be over $21 billion. “Too cheap to meter” was always too pricey to fathom. On March 30, Toshiba said Westinghouse had total debt of $9.8 billion.
As Judson at NIRS says, “It's imperative that environmental, consumer, and clean energy advocates get active — both to stop these bailouts from coming to more states and to make sure [Trump] doesn't rubber-stamp a massive national reactor bailout, like state utility commissions did in the 1990s. … We can't afford to let that happen again.”
John LaForge, syndicated by PeaceVoice, is Co-director of Nukewatch, a peace and environmental justice group in Wisconsin, and is co-editor with Arianne Peterson of Nuclear Heartland, Revised: A Guide to the 450 Land-Based Missiles of the United States.
By John LaForge Guest Columnist
John LaForge, syndicated by PeaceVoice, is Co-director of Nukewatch, a peace and environmental justice group in Wisconsin, and is co-editor with Arianne Peterson of Nuclear Heartland, Revised: A Guide to the 450 Land-Based Missiles of the United States.
John LaForge, syndicated by PeaceVoice, is Co-director of Nukewatch, a peace and environmental justice group in Wisconsin, and is co-editor with Arianne Peterson of Nuclear Heartland, Revised: A Guide to the 450 Land-Based Missiles of the United States.
The Secretary of Health has congratulated the West Suffolk NHS Foundation Trust on their ‘Outstanding' CQC rating.
Jeremy Hunt took to Twitter last week to highlight the ‘extraordinary achievement' and pass on his and the Prime Minister, Theresa May's, congratulations to the trust, after being told of its progress by the area's MPs, Jo Churchill and James Cartlidge.
“You have done something very special,” he said, addressing the trust.
“You have shown that despite all the pressure the NHS has been under this winter, and in fact really throughout the year, it's possible to give the very highest standards of care available anywhere in the world.
“You have really turned heads across the country by what you have achieved.”
Mr Hunt also praised the trust's appointment of a public health consultant to help understand individual patient needs and that of a Macmillan's education nurse to improve the caring nature of its services.
The trust is the 15th in the whole of the NHS to receive the rating.
Bike-rental commuters and enthusiasts alike will now have a speedier option to choose from at San Francisco Ford GoBike stations.Today, Motivate , the company that operates the ubiquitous blue, Ford-branded bicycles, announced the addition of 250 new FordGo Bike Plus pedal-assist e-bikes, built to "power up hills and ride for longer distances," according to a spokesperson.The bikes can be unlocked via a Clipper card or the Ford GoBike app, and can be docked at any Ford GoBike station in San Francisco. According to the company, it will be the first bike rental system in North America to incorporate pedal-assist bikes into its fleet of traditional bicycles."We are thrilled to introduce this innovative new mobility option into the Ford GoBike fleet," said Jay Walder, CEO of Motivate in a statement."Riders of all ages and fitness levels can now boost their natural pedal power to summit the notorious San Francisco hills and more fully enjoy the benefits of bike share."To celebrate the launch, Motivate staff, including Walder, Vish Palekar, CEO of GenZe--whose company designed the custom-made, zero-emission bicycles--along with government and community partners involved in the project, hosted a group bike ride through Hayes Valley."We're thrilled to add GenZe ebikes to the Ford GoBike Program," said Palekar. "Now more people of all ages and fitness levels can bike as a reliable means of transport, and ride further, for longer--sweat and hassle free."Each e-bike features a 345 Wh Li-ion battery and boasts a maximum speed of 18mph. From an LCD display, riders are able to track speed and battery charge level, and the vehicles are permitted anywhere It's legal to operate traditional bicycles."Shared electric bikes can be the next step in San Francisco's mobility future, creating a gateway to get even more people on two wheels," said Ed Reiskin, the SFMTA's Director of Transportation. "As a convenient and safe way to get around town, shared electric bikes will make our hilly neighborhoods more accessible and longer bike rides less daunting for everyone."For a limited time, Ford GoBike is offering a special price of $2 per 30-minute single ride for interested parties to test out the new technology. Unlimited e-bike usage is included in an annual membership, which is $149 for the year and $10 for a 24-hour access pass. Qualifying Bike Share for All members can use the e-bikes at the discounted rate of $5 for their initial year for rides up to 60 minutes."These electric bikes will benefit not just San Francisco residents, but everyone who comes to the city for any purpose," said Jake Mackenzie, chair of the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC), which oversees the Ford GoBike program in the Bay Area.
She comes from a good kapa haka pedigree and has attended the national competition as both a spectator and a performer. A week away from Te Matatini in Hastings, mum-of-six Maria Huata is taking to the internet to dish out helpful tips to surviving the four-day event.
“Kapa haka is my passion. My whānau eat, breath and live haka,” Huata says.
She was two when her mother, Te Rita Papesch, became the first woman to win the Kaitātaki Wahine title in 1979 in Gisborne. Huata has also performed for Te Whare Wānanga o Waikato and Te Pou o Mangatawhiri at previous festivals. Last year she competed at the Waikato regionals for her whānau group Te Haona Kaha, but they did not qualify for the national stage.
“I've been going along to all the festivals my whole life – as a young child, as a teenager and as a performer.”
This year Huata, who lives in Hamilton, has used Facebook to provide practical tips on the do and don'ts at Te Matatini. Her posts are seen by more than 2,000 people on her friend's list.
“There's lots of stuff that we already know, but you can never take things for granted. What I really like about the posts is that others have contributed and provided their own feedback. It's been very positive. “
Huata's aim is to ensure that haka enthusiasts have an enjoyable and safe Te Matatini.
“As a mother of six children on limited funds I wanted to bring my family along to enjoy the experience because it is a whanau event. That was my motivation.”
MARIA'S TOP FIVE TE MATATINI TIPS
Tip 1
Without a doubt, Hastings is going to be scorching hot. Tanks are low, water is being sold and exported and in recent times there have been contamination scares. So in the interest of your health hydration and hygiene, stock up on loads of clean water.
Tip 2
Amongst the many things that get lost at Te Matatini, tamariki are always at the top of the list. As a mother of six, I'm fully aware of the challenge to feed, keep kids happy, cool and watered and knowing where they are. When you're at a Māori event chances are the crowd are your whānaunga and friends and will know your kids on sight. You've got lots of eyes out there Rule number one - pick a spot for the day and don't move. Always make sure someone is there to man it and receive any wandering kids that belong to you. Let your kids roam freely with the suitable company to pillage the free giveaways. Make sure you give them a time that they have to be back (if they can't tell time they shouldn't be roaming).
Tip 3.
Hakas is an expensive past time. Die hard fans pay to do and watch haka at a competitive level. It's a fact of life, so you need cash. Being a mum with lots of kids and on a budget, I've always had to be creative when it comes to sussing out our kai. Stalls wise there will be everything on offer but I guarantee you it'll be expensive (but support any fundraising Māori groups where you can).
Stock up chilly bins with lots of frozen water is the way to go. Plan your kai, buy it from the supermarket and prepare the night before.
Tip 4
To ensure a quality viewing experience and to keep the peace amongst your fellow festival goers, adhere to the following and you'll be fine;
• when choosing your spot, mark it out with your tarp blanket or ground covering but don't be too greedy with the space.
• if using chairs or umbrellas ensure that you're not blocking people's view.
• when walking through crowds use your manners don't step on people's stuff or their areas. Say please, excuse me, thank you, sorry to be in the way. Ease your way through the crowd with grace and respect.
• avoid talking loudly and constantly through groups performances. Clap after solos so you can truly hear and appreciate them.
• think 'humility' when engaging in haka tautoko and is it really and absolutely necessary.
• finally a big thumbs down to the term 'hotdog group'. Every group has worked hard and deserves your support not just the so called 'famous' groups. So please don't empty out the stadium because you think a group is not worth your time.
Tip 5
When you're at Te Matatini sometimes it's hard not to get caught up in the hype, high tension, supercharged and exciting atmosphere. Emotions are running high, everyone wants the best viewing spot, capture all those great memories and footage, avoid cues, be left to their own devices and do and go as they please. All these things are perfectly fine and normal, except when it comes at the expense of the humble volunteer. Without the massive task force of volunteers who give up their time for free, there would be no Te Matatini.
You might say the performers make the festival and yes they are the focus, but the volunteers ensure that there is an all-round, solid, successful and safe event for them to perform at.
I have had my fair share of being a volunteer and engaging with volunteers and it's not always unicorns and roses. It is easy to be the deliverer and target of frustration. To ensure an all-round pleasurable experience keep the following in mind when engaging with volunteers;
• at the top of the list - if you don't want to get a growling or even worse get asked to leave, adhere to ALL festival rules and any announcements the emcees make.
• should you have the urge to get angry and righteous, remember volunteers have feelings too and are just trying to do their jobs.
• to stay off the volunteer's radar, exercise patience and good sense at all times.
• be nice, courteous and polite even when dealing with the trickiest power tripping self-appointed sheriffs of volunteers (super small minority) - kindness, appreciation and even a touch of sincere flattery will always get the results you desire.
Ifeoma Ojiakor whose husband beat her and attacked her private part with a broken bottle on Dec. 24th took to Facebook to tell her sad story
She wrote;
This is unacceptable This is my Ifeoma okeke Ojiakor story. Saddest Christmas ever!!! Lying down in pains on my hospital bed I'm writing this with tears flowing my eyes. I could remember on d 24th night I made a post on facebook sending out special greetings to everyone with d hope of having a merry Christmas with family,friends, and loved ones
My husband by name Mr Victor ojiakor was always fond of hitting me at any slightest provocation and this issue has been resolved at so many police stations..whenever I report d beating escapades they would settle us at the police station and he would be asked to sign undertaking never to hit me anymore.He has even hit me at his village in d presence of his mother and father then reason being that he accused me of having an affair with his brother..His parents settled it after which he promised never to hit me again we reconciled mostly because of the kids ..after we returned back to lagos he hit me again while I was pregnant for our third child that I began to bleed.i was rushed to the hospital by neighbours before my mum was called to d hospital …the case was reported at the ministry of women affairs at alausa ikeja where he was invited and there promised never to repeat such again…now the height of this happened on d 25th of December he came back home at about 6.30pm and started accusing me of sleeping with his boy (a 16yr old boy…can you imagine?)he didn't even wait for me to say a word he pounced on me and started beating me up with sticks,machete, bottle,e.t.c he said he was going to kill me and nothing would happen ..he also stabbed the said boy with a machete don't knw d boy's where about now…after beating me up for a sin I didn't commit he locked me up and held me hostage seizing my phone for 2 days. .nobody knw wat was happening to me I collapsed honestly I taught I would never survive this..I just kept pleading with him each passing day to pls tk me to the hospital before I die he refused telling me that he wanted to render me useless I jst kept crying until I told him to tk me to a pastor that was when he pushed me into his car n drove me to a place it was there that I pleaded with d prophetess to help me ..the prophetess on seeing my condition then adviced him to take me to d hospital for immediate treatment that was how I was taken to d hospital on getting there I pleaded with d doctor to use her phone to call my sister who in turn informed my mum and they started rushing to the hospital. .at d hospital immediately he sensed that I might have reached my family he started dragging me,removed d drip from my hand I was crying out for help immediately my mum entered d hospital he ran away ..at the moment I am in my mums place with my 3 kids. ..2 boys and a 3months old baby girl…d matter was charged to court and he was granted bail of 250,000naira…why I am left to wallow in pains for no offense I committed all because I married a heartless man and was enduring all these because of my kids and the society who kept telling me to forgive that he is my husband and he would change ….look at my life now!how I wish I left this marriage since!Happy new year everyone!
Taylor Swift's allegation that a former morning radio host reached under her skirt and grabbed her backside during a photo session is bringing attention to a common but largely hidden outrage for many women.
Taylor Swift's allegation that a former morning radio host reached under her skirt and grabbed her backside during a photo session is bringing attention to a common but largely hidden outrage for many women.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Ryan Kliesch, a Denver radio host, emerges from the federal courthouse after testifying in the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift, Friday, Aug. 11, 2017 in Denver.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Ryan Kliesch, a Denver radio host, emerges from the federal courthouse after testifying in the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift. Friday, Aug. 11, 2017 in Denver.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Attorneys for pop singer Taylor Swift, Douglas Baldridge, left, and Jesse P. Schaudies, Jr., are surrounded by photographers as they enter the federal courthouse for the morning session in the civil trial.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Tree Paine, right, publicist for pop singer Taylor Swift, walks with the singer's brother, Austin Swift, out of the federal courthouse after a ruling in the civil trial for the singer.
By JAMES ANDERSON and TATIANA FLOWERSAssociated Press
DENVER (AP) - Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her. U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
"He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him," Swift testified.
"It was a definite grab. A very long grab," she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, "Thank you for coming," and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
"We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want him to get away with it," Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that "appropriate action be taken."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Why we should think of our brains as a muscle that needs training
“We understand what it's like to go to the gym a few times a week and look after our physical bodies, but we need to start looking after our minds — they've never been under this much strain, where the world is quicker than ever."
Just like our body, our mind needs regular exercise and daily attention, says Jamie. "To be able to manage your mind is a skill like any other skill and we've forgotten that. Why wait until you feel terrible to do it?
Our mind needs regular exercise and daily attention. To be able to manage your mind is a skill. Our mind needs regular exercise and daily attention. To be able to manage your mind is a skill.
The goal of exercising your mind is not to find happiness, which Jamie describes as a transient emotion. "All of our emotions are transient. There's no such thing as a bad emotion," she says. "When we don't feel happy we panic, but it's about accepting that we are always in different stages but knowing that it will pass. Happiness is not perfect; it doesn't exist when you get that job or the house or the car … we're always putting happiness off because we're always in this rat race to get there.”
By taking a time out each day to perform some brain training exercises, Jamie's hope is that the simple process will help you accept when thing aren't perfect and give you a different metric for success (one that supports happiness rather than perfection, which will ultimately make you happier in the long run).
“We're always in ebbs and flows, that is really important. Sometimes when we're not feeling good, we panic and we make things worse,” says Jamie. “[This process is] about accepting: I don't have that much energy today, or yes, this week hasn't been great, but maybe next week will be better. We all mess up, and that's okay.”
7-steps to a clearer mind
"By accepting how you feel, studies show that you start reducing the emotional impact,” says Jamie. And this seven-step process is designed to walk you through this journey of checking in with yourself, processing the emotions and letting them go.
Ready to give it a try? Follow these seven simple steps to help train your mind to release worries, get a fresh perspective and feel happier in just a few minutes a day.
Step 1: Internal check in
How are you feeling: Insecure? Excited? Rejected? Meh? Happy? Stressed? Anxious? Heartbroken? Angry? Sad? The first step to a clearer mind is to recognize the emotion that you're feeling. Research shows that when you label the emotion you're feeling it allows emotional processing to start taking place helping you to feel better. Remember, there is no such thing as a bad emotion, they're all temporary.
Step 2: Breathe
Slow, smooth breathing is the quickest and easiest way to calm your stress response and activate your rest and relax system in just a few seconds. Use the "belly breath" technique in a five-count breathing pattern. Relax your shoulders. Inhale slowly for 5 counts, exhale slowly for 5 counts. Remember to belly breathe, letting your stomach expand and shrink back down with each breath. Imagine a paper bag slowly filling with air, and then deflating. Focus on breathing this way for at least 30 seconds.
Step 3: Write and let go
This is your moment to unclutter your mind and release any thoughts or feelings you're experiencing. Whatever your emotion is, write down why you feel this way: What's been going on? What are you stressed about? What happened to make you angry? Write down the first thing that comes to mind. Journaling activates the computer side of your brain which helps calm the emotional center further helping you gain more clarity. Have it written down? Now rip that paper up. Release the emotion.
Step 4: Reframe with gratitude
“This is when you redirect: What do you have? What can you be grateful for?” says Jamie. Get your happy hormones flowing by writing a gratitude list. This part of the routine is about focusing on the positive as it's easy to forget the good things in our lives (especially when we're stressed or anxious). Write down something or someone that makes your life better. What are you grateful for today?
Step 5: Play
Now it's time for a quick mindful mini game that helps you get your zen on. From art therapy to quick focus challenges, there are many activities that can disrupt thinking and bring you back feeling more balanced. Draw your favorite memory, your happy place or a smiling face. Play a game like a crossword puzzle or a round of Candy Crunch on your phone. Listen to your favorite song and hum along to it.
Step 6: Compassion challenge
Shift your perspective through compassion exercises that trigger a release of dopamine and a boost to self esteem. Choose one of the following written challenges:
We challenge you to forgive someone today — you don't need that extra baggage.
What would you tell a friend if they were feeling like you do now?
We challenge you to let someone know that you appreciate them.
Self-love time: Give yourself a compliment.
Step 7: Good vibes
“What can you do for someone else? In a generation that's been indoctrinated with selfies and narcissism, if you're thinking about someone else you can't be worried about your own problems,” says Jamie. Studies have also found that those who think of others the most were happier. This is your moment to make someone's day with a “thinking of you moment.” No matter how we feel, we always have the power to make someone else feel better, says Jamie. Make someone else feel better by sending them a text or email with a positive note.
More stress busting tips
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Arsenal and Manchester City are both being linked with attempts to hire Barcelona transfer chief Raül Sanllehí.
Catalan newspaper Sport reports that Sanllehí is leaving his post at Camp Nou amid a boardroom shake-up. He has been a key negotiator on many of Barça's biggest deals over the past 10 years.
The article suggests that rumours of a reunion at Manchester City with his former Barcelona colleagues Ferran Soriano and Txiki Begiristain could be about to become reality.
But Sanllehí could yet surface at the Emirates Stadium. He is reportedly good friends with Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis.
Given the recent departure of the Gunners' own chief transfer negotiator, Dick Law, and their troubles getting deals done in recent years, the vacancy could have Sanllehí's name on it.
Sanllehí's greatest hits include the capture of Luis Suarez from Liverpool. He is also featured prominently in the deal that took then Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas back to Barcelona.
LAWRENCE, Kan. — The University of Kansas did not produce any written reports of an independent examination of its athletics department amid a federal investigation of corruption in college basketball because an external report wasn't necessary, Chancellor Douglas Girod said.
The university review came before Kansas was named earlier this month as one of the schools where a former Adidas representative allegedly arranged payments to parents of athletes to ensure the athletes committed to the schools.
Girold said Monday he was given verbal briefings after last fall's review but he didn't receive any written reports. The university's review was prompted by an Oct. 11 memo from the NCAA requiring Division I basketball programs to examine their men's basketball programs “for possible NCAA rules violations, including violations related to offers, inducements, agents, extra benefits, and other similar issues.”
On April 13, Girod said in a statement that he had “complete confidence” that the athletics department had followed all rules.
“We didn't feel the need to release an external report,” Girod said. “What we needed to be sure of is that we are comfortable and confident in the way our team operates and in meeting any and every requirement necessary.”
When The Lawrence Journal-World filed an open records request seeking all written reports related to the review Kansas officials said no such records exist. The newspaper said without a written report it was difficult to determine what the university examined and what methods were used.
Kansas hired an outside law firm but said the firm only provided assistance on technical matters.
Girod said Monday the examination reviewed several records to determine whether there is anything the university should be concerned about and found nothing.
The latest federal indictment in the wider investigation alleges that a former Adidas executive paid a mother and a guardian of two basketball players at least $130,000 to ensure they would play for the Jayhawks. No Kansas officials were implicated.
“We have gone back to look at anything we have access to, and we can't find any evidence of that,” Girod said. “But we don't have access to everything. That is all we really can do — make sure that on our side of the house we are doing everything appropriately and properly.”
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org
——
Information from: Lawrence (Kan.) Journal-World, http://www.ljworld.com
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic paid tribute to Cristiano Ronaldo, but said there was "only one number one" – Lionel Messi.
Real Madrid star Ronaldo joined Messi on five Ballons d'Or after claiming the individual honour on Thursday.
However, Rakitic has no doubt about who is better, saying it was unfortunate Ronaldo had played in the same era as Messi, the best in history.
"You already know my opinion and I have a lot of respect for Cristiano, who is one of the best in history," the Croatia international said, via Mundo Deportivo, after a 2-0 win over Villarreal on Sunday.
"But he has played with the best player in history, which is Leo Messi. There is only one number one, Messi.
"Those who come behind are unlucky enough to have coincided with him."
Goals from Luis Suarez and Messi saw Barça past Villarreal as they made it 12 wins in 15 league games this season, retaining a five-point advantage at the top.
Rakitic was full of praise for another of his team-mates – goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen.
"We are not surprised by the good performances of Ter Stegen," he said.
"He's one of the best goalkeepers in the world and has been playing at a good level."
The homestretch is here for the Blue Ridge Marathon and related races this weekend. WFIR's Gene Marrano has an update:
4-17 BRM Update Wrap#1-WEB
HUBER HEIGHTS — “At Unity of Dayton, we like to ask the question, ‘How can it get better than this?' This year, we received the answer!” said Senior Minister Rev. Cindy White. As the congregation and friends listened to the still small Voice and answered the call of Spirit, contributions poured in and they were able to replace the flat roof, buy new LED parking lot lights, create a prairie walk in the back of the property, and begin painting the interior of the building.
Unity of Dayton church was established in 1924 and moved to several locations over the years. The Unity congregation purchased the land, and then completed construction on the current building in 1986. They are overjoyed to be renewing and rededicating the grounds so that future generations will hear and share the message of God's unconditional love, faith, peace, and generosity.
“Unity founders Myrtle and Charles Fillmore devoted their lives to teaching others how to live spiritually focused lives, enriching one's health and well-being. We honored their legacy by rededicating the newly restored entrance to Unity of Dayton on June 24,” said Rev. Cindy.
The building, designed by Terry L. Welker, AIA, was awarded the “OMC Award for Excellence in Masonry Design” in 1987. In the following years, volunteers added a grass Labyrinth for walking meditation, and also a playground for children. Most recently, a native wildflower prairie with mowed walking paths was also created.
Unity of Dayton recently held a ribbon cutting and walkway dedication at its campus located at 6741 Chambersburg Road in Huber Heights. https://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/07/web1_Unity.jpg Unity of Dayton recently held a ribbon cutting and walkway dedication at its campus located at 6741 Chambersburg Road in Huber Heights. Photo by Darrell Wacker | AIM Media Midwest
LOS ANGELES — A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns.
Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria, a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days.
Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Mike Eliason
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesman Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
The department posted a photo of one residence engulfed in flames before dawn. It's unclear whether other structures burned. Thousands of homes in the county were without power.
Firefighters made significant progress Saturday on other fronts of the enormous fire that started Dec. 4 in neighbouring Ventura County. Containment was way up on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties.
Forecasters said Santa Ana winds that whipped fires across the region last week were expected to die down later Sunday — but not before creating possible gusts topping 80 km/h.
A lack of rain has officials on edge statewide because of parched conditions and no end in sight to the typical fire season.
“This is the new normal,” Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. “We're about ready to have firefighting at Christmas. This is very odd and unusual.”
We're about ready to have firefighting at Christmas. This is very odd and unusual. California Gov. Jerry Brown
High fire risk is expected to last into January and the governor and experts said climate change is making it a year-round threat.
Overall, the fires have destroyed nearly 800 homes and other buildings, killed dozens of horses and forced more than 200,000 people to flee flames that have burned over 700 square kilometres since Dec. 4. One death, so far, a 70-year-old woman who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the fire began.
The Ventura County blaze continued to burn into rugged mountains in the Los Padres National Forest near the little town of Ojai and toward a preserve established for endangered California condors.
As fires burned in Ventura and Los Angeles counties, firefighters were already in place north of San Diego on Thursday when a major fire erupted and rapidly spread in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Training Facility, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbreds and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smoulder Sunday.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighbourhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
As Russia takes on Croatia in a bid to reach the semi-finals, here's everything you need to know about the when, where and who of the match...
After a surprisingly convincing group stage campaign, Russia stunned Spain to reach the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time in history. The host nation will face the much-fancied Croatia following their relatively lacklustre last-16 win over Denmark, which was decided by penalties. And with the fans, and many neutrals, behind them, Russia will fancy their chances.
Advertisement
But when is the match on TV? And on what channel? Check the kick-off time, date and more for Croatia and Russia's crucial World Cup match below.
When do Russia play Croatia in the World Cup quarter-finals?
Russia host Croatia on Saturday 7th July at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi.
What time is kick-off?
7pm BST.
What channel is the game on?
ITV.
Who's in the squads for Russia and Croatia?
Russia
Goalkeepers: Igor Akinfeev (CSKA Moscow), Vladimir Gabulov (Club Brugge), Andrey Lunev (Zenit St Petersburg).
Defenders: Vladimir Granat, Fedor Kudryashov (both Rubin Kazan), Ilya Kutepov (Spartak Moscow), Andrey Semenov (Akhmat Grozny), Sergei Ignashevich, Mario Fernandes (both CSKA Moscow), Igor Smolnikov (Zenit St Petersburg).
Midfielders: Yuri Gazinskiy (Krasnodar), Alexsandr Golovin, Alan Dzagoev (both CSKA Moscow), Aleksandr Erokhin, Yuri Zhirkov, Daler Kuzyaev (all Zenit St Petersburg), Roman Zobnin, Alexsandr Samedov (both Spartak Moscow), Anton Miranchuk (Lokomotiv Moscow), Denis Cheryshev (Villarreal).
Forwards: Artem Dzyuba (Arsenal Tula), Aleksey Miranchuk (Lokomotiv Moscow), Fedor Smolov (Krasnodar).
Croatia
Goalkeepers: Danijel Subasic (Monaco), Lovre Kalinic (Gent), Dominik Livakovic (Dinamo).
Defenders: Vedran Corluka (Lokomotiv Moscow), Domagoj Vida (Besiktas), Ivan Strinic (Sampdoria), Dejan Lovren (Liverpool), Sime Vrsaljko (Atletico Madrid), Josip Pivaric (Dynamo Kiev), Tin Jedvaj (Bayer Leverkusen), Duje Caleta-Car (Red Bull Salzburg).
Midfielders: Luka Modric (Real Madrid), Ivan Rakitic (Barcelona), Mateo Kovacic (Real Madrid), Milan Badelj (Fiorentina), Marcelo Brozovic (Inter), Filip Bradaric (Rijeka).
Forwards: Mario Mandzukic (Juventus), Ivan Perisic (Inter), Andrej Kramaric (Hoffenheim), Marko Pjaca (Schalke), Ante Rebic (Eintracht).
How did Russia and Croatia get to the quarter-finals?
Russia
After bulldozing through Saudi Arabia and Egypt, Russia were demolished by Uruguay – though not helped by an early red card. Having just beaten Spain on penalties to advance to the Quarter-Final, Russia – backed by a vociferous nation of football fans – will fancy themselves against anyone.
Croatia
Croatia have been dubbed ‘the ones to watch'. Their liquid football during the group stage was a lesson in how football should be played. The Croats barely broke a sweat against Nigeria and Iceland, while their 3-0 dismantling of Argentina was so brutal it probably shouldn't have aired before the 9pm watershed. Their form hasn't transferred to the last-16, however. A tepid performance against Denmark required penalties to get them through and they will be fully aware that a similar showing against the hosts is likely to send them home.
Who are the players to look out for?
While Dens Cheryshev and Artem Dzyuba top Russia's goal scoring charts – both with three – it's Aleksandr Golovin who's really impressed for the hosts. His one goal and two assists helped Russia through the Group-Stage and the CSKA Moscow man was one of the few players who looked comfortable on the ball against Spain.
Advertisement
For Croatia, Luka Modric is a man who was seemingly born with the ball at his feet and an innate knowledge of what to do with it. He is one of the greatest midfielders of his generation and Modric will be desperate to show that. ‘Keeper Subasic has also emerged as a star, handing Croatia a penalty shootout win against Denmark with three splendid saves.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: ghanacrusader.com
2017-10-06
Georgina Opoku Amankwaa
Georgina Opoku Amankwaa, the Deputy Chairperson in charge of Corporate Services at the Electoral Commission (EC) of Ghana, has disclosed that she is heading to court over an investigation against her by the Economic and Organised Crime Office (EOCO).
In a statement released by her lawyers [Asante-Krobea Sekyere and Associates] on October 3, 2017, read,“They are giving notice of our intention to go to court against your office to the Attorney-General whom you claim you have submitted your report on the investigation to.”
According to lawyers, they have written letters to the Crime Office to help them speed up investigations against Mrs Amankwah by the EC Boss, Madam Charlotte Osei have been disregarded.
However, they noted that the actions of EOCO is keeping Mrs Amankwah out of office indefinitely.
The lawyer, however, disclosed that they were not happy with the instruction issued from EOCO instructing Madam Charlotte Osei, the Electoral Commission Boss to write to Mrs Amankwah to go on leave on an issue concerning the Staff Endowment Fund.
Some officials of the Election Management Body, EC is currently being investigated by EOCO over the loss of GH¢480, 000 from the Commission's Endowment Fund.
The officials are Ms Amankwah, Kwaku Owusu Agyei-Larbi and Joseph Kwaku Asamoah.
Authorities say a 37-year-old Florida woman ran a drug flop house, charging a “cover fee of drugs” to enter the home.
Danielle Baggett was arrested April 11 on a charge of running a nuisance dwelling after Sarasota County Sheriff's deputies responded to seven overdoses, including her own.
The Bradenton Herald (http://bit.ly/2oHQ02d ) reports investigators began looking into a surge of heroin and fentanyl overdoses at the home in August 2016. An affidavit says Baggett assured deputies she was trying to “clean up” illegal activities at the house. But the overdoses continued as deputies responded to the home 33 times before her arrest.
An affidavit says victims told investigators Baggett created an environment “for everyone to get high.”
Baggett bonded out of jail. Records don't list an attorney for her.
Arjen Robben has admitted he had his doubts about leaving Real Madrid for Bayern Munich in the summer of 2009.
The Netherlands international was sold as Madrid looked to balance their books after bringing in a number of high-profile names, but he was initially reluctant to leave the Santiago Bernabeu.
Bayern were persistent, though, and Robben eventually put his concerns about the club's stature aside and opted to move to the Allianz Arena.
"It was a bit of a weird summer with the return of Florentino Perez as president. And then all the new signings arrived. Cristiano Ronaldo, Kaka, Karim Benzema and Xabi Alonso all came to Madrid for a huge amount of money," Robben told Fox Sports.
"We were told that the club would be able to make some money on me if they sold me. But I initially did not want to leave. I had possibly my best pre-season ever, but I still did not get a chance, so I had to make a decision.
"There was contact with Bavaria, but it was a difficult decision, the most difficult one of my career. Bavaria were not among the European elite at that moment - like we are now - and it was a step back for me.
"I went for it in the end, because the club did everything within their power to sign me. And the presence of Louis van Gaal obviously played a role as well.
"I am a real Bayern man now, I am into my eighth season here and I have become a part of this club."
Two feared dead in Lagos auto crash
• Disaster averted in Third Mainland Bridge fire
Two persons were feared dead in a ghastly motor accident, which occurred yesterday at Gbagada, along Owonronshoki Expressway, Lagos.The General Manager of Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), Mr. Tiamiyu Adesina, who confirmed the accident, noted that his team responded promptly to avoid heavy traffic snarl.
According Tiamiyu, “the agency's Emergency Response Team (ERT) received a distressed call around 3:05p.m. regarding an accident at Gbagada bus-stop inward Anthony on April 17. This prompted the immediate activation of the Agency's ERT to the scene of the incident.
“Preliminary investigation conducted by the agency at the scene revealed that a Volk Wagon commercial bus with registration number GGE716XM had a head on collision with another vehicle (Mazda Taxi).
“Fourteen persons were rescued by the emergency responders and taken to the Gbagada General Hospital and Trauma Centre by LASAMBUS and the LASEMA paramedics, as they sustained different degrees of injuries.
“Two lives were lost and have been moved to the Lagos Mainland Hospital Mortuary, while the damaged vehicles were recovered with the aid of the agency's towing truck to avoid another incident and free flow of traffic in the area.”
The General Manager advised motorists, especially commercial bus drivers, to ensure they concentrate while driving. He warned them to also ensure they drive within the speed limit to avoid unnecessary loss of lives.
Lagos State police spokesman, Olarinde Famous-Cole, who spoke to The Guardian on telephone, noted that he was unaware of the accident.Meanwhile, disaster was averted yesterday morning on the Third Mainland Bridge, Lagos after fire broke from one of the cables on the bridge.
It took the quick intervention of combined officials of the Federal Road Management Agency (FERMA), the Rapid Response Squad unit of the Lagos State Police Command and the electricity generation companies (Gencos) to stop the fire from escalating.Due to the Easter holidays, the ever-busy bridge was largely empty, making the job slightly easier for the rescue officials.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ride-hailing company suspends all road-testing of such vehicles in U.S. and Canada
Police say a woman walking outside a crosswalk on Sunday night in the Phoenix area when she was hit by the self-driving car. (@zombieite/Flickr)
A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a suburb in Phoenix, Ariz., in the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle, prompting the ride-hailing company Monday to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada.
Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
READ MORE: Self-driving Ubers could still be many years away, says research head
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside a crosswalk in Tempe on Sunday night was hit, police said. The woman, identified as Elaine Herzberg, 49, died at a hospital.
Uber suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
We note with regret the death of Mr. Joseph Duncan, age 72 of McEwen. Visitation for Mr. Duncan is today from 10 until service time at 2 at the Luff-Bowen Funeral Home in Waverly. Brother Bruce McCarson, Tommy Burkett, and Justin Duncan will officiate the ceremonies. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the family.
Mr. Finley Omer”J.R.” Felty Jr., age 46 of Waverly, will have visitation Saturday from 2 until service time at 6 at the Humphreys County Funeral Home in Waverly. Reverend David Yancy will officiate the ceremonies.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Getty Image
On Valentine's Day Night, the New York Times published a report that detailed how U.S. intelligence intercepted communications between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence agents. This, of course, is not a good look after Trump insisted that he knew nothing of Russia's hacking efforts to help him get elected. As expected, Trump is losing his mind on Twitter this morning over the NY Times report, and he's blaming … everyone. First, he tweet-shouted at the “fake news media,” except for Fox News.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Trump's always good with whatever Fox News does — even when Bill O'Reilly is giving him a hard time — but he's particularly thrilled that both Fox News and Breitbart are honing in on this story for the “leak” aspect. And it's no wonder Trump prefers this angle. After National Security Advisor Michael Flynn resigned following mounting reports of his vulnerability to Russian blackmail, Trump also tweeted that leaks are the “real story.”
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 14, 2017
Yet following the NY Times report about Trump campaign aides communicating with Russian intel, the resulting tweet storm grew to encompass the president's thoughts on “Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.” Trump thinks this Russia stuff is merely “non-sense” and a media coverup.
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Then came more of Trump's outrage about leaks to the media, although he very much adored the fallout from the John Podesta email dumps by Wikileaks, which the right-wing media gleefully reported at length.
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
However, there's one shining beacon of reason here, which is someone finally informed Trump that Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea. During his campaign, Trump remained blissfully unaware of these realities. However, Trump ruined his displayed knowledge of global affairs by, you know, blaming Obama for everything.
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Is there anyone that Trump hasn't blamed today? Rosie O'Donnell, perhaps, but she's probably next on the list.
HOUSTON — After years of struggles at the position, the San Francisco 49ers may have finally found their quarterback of the future in Jimmy Garoppolo.
But even after leading the team to its second straight win, 26-16, over the Houston Texans on Sunday, the former backup to Tom Brady wasn't convinced the job is his to keep.
“We'll see what happens this week. That's on (coach) Kyle (Shanahan),” he said when asked about starting next week. “I don't know.”
It's pretty safe to say that Garoppolo will be under centre for the rest of the season after throwing for a career-high 334 yards and a touchdown as the 49ers (3-10) won their second straight game.
Garoppolo was 20 of 33 in his second start for a team that hasn't had consistent play at quarterback since Colin Kaepernick's great 2013 season. Acquired before the trade deadline from New England, Garoppolo threw for 293 yards in his debut with the team last week to help the 49ers to a 15-14 win at Chicago.
“You've got to have guys who are fearless, can hang in there and keep their eyes down the field. He does that very, very well,” Shanahan said. “But he also has the foot quickness and agility to get out of there and extend some plays.”
The game was tied when he found Garrett Celek on a 6-yard touchdown pass with about two minutes left in the third quarter to make it 23-16. Celek had a big play earlier in that drive on a 61-yard reception on third down.
“We knew it was kind of feast or famine against this defence because they're very physical,” Shanahan said. “But sometimes, you get your opportunities, and we were fortunate enough to come down with them.”
DeAndre Hopkins had 149 yards receiving and two touchdowns, but lost a fumble in the fourth quarter with the Texans down by 7 . San Francisco added 41-yard field goal after that to secure the victory.
T.J. Yates threw for 175 yards and two touchdowns after Tom Savage left with a concussion in the second quarter. Texans (4-9) lost their third straight and sixth in seven games.
Savage was injured when he was driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil with about nine minutes left in the second. Replays showed Savage looking dazed after his head hit the ground with both of his arms lifted upward shaking.
He was taken to the medical tent, where he stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series. He threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline after that possession.
Savage tried repeatedly to enter the game on the next series. But a team official kept grabbing Savage's jersey and finally his arm and pulled him away from the field. He then could be seen arguing with that person and the team's trainer before being escorted to the locker room.
Coach Bill O'Brien said he was evaluated for a concussion after the hit and cleared to return, but that he was evaluated again after he returned because “because of what they saw,” without providing details of what that was.
“They try to make the best decision for the player,” O'Brien said. “Whatever they see and the testing that they do they try to make the best decision with the player and they weren't satisfied with the results of the second test so they decided to pull him, and that's when he went into the locker room.”
Yates, who hadn't appeared in a game since Nov. 16, 2015, was signed last month after Deshaun Watson went out with a knee injury. Houston went up 16-13 when Hopkins grabbed a 29-yard touchdown reception on the Texans' first drive of the second half.
The 49ers took a 10-3 lead when Carlos Hyde ran 2 yards for a touchdown with about 2 1/2 minutes left in the first half.
Yates connected with Hopkins for a 7-yard touchdown on Houston's next drive, but the kick failed to leave Houston down 10-9.
Robbie Gould added a 35-yard field goal at the end of the second quarter to leave San Francisco up 13-9.
INJURIES: Houston offensive tackle Kendall Lamm sustained a concussion in the first quarter. The Texans have had six players sustain concussions in the last two games combined. … 49ers rookie receiver Victor Bolden injured his ankle in the second quarter and didn't return. … San Francisco cornerback Ahkello Witherspoon injured his knee in the fourth quarter.
MEMORIES: Sunday was Shanahan's first visit to NRG Stadium since losing to the Patriots in the Super Bowl when he was the offensive co-ordinator for the Falcons. He said he didn't think about that game, where the Falcons blew a 25-point lead, until he got to the stadium on Sunday.
“We got off the bus and were walking across the field, and that's when I remembered,” he said. “I got some feelings of that. I had some real good feelings in that game, but not toward the end. The feelings today were definitely much better at the end.”
UP NEXT
49ERS: Host the Titans next Sunday.
TEXANS: Visit Jaguars next Sunday.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
New grandfather Prince Charles is sharing his excitement over the royal baby.
"We are both so pleased at the news," reads a statement from both Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. "It is a great joy to have another grandchild, the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Prince of Wales has released a statement following the birth of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child.
HRH said: “We are both so pleased at the news. It is a great joy to have another grandchild, the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them.” pic.twitter.com/fZmsd72yeX — Clarence House (@ClarenceHouse) April 24, 2018
This isn't the first time he's gushed over the youngster. Shortly after the news of the birth was shared publicly, Kensington Palace released a statement via Twitter, which read, "The Queen, The Duke of Edinburgh, The Prince of Wales, The Duchess of Cornwall, Prince Harry and members of both families have been informed and are delighted with the news."
Charles is expected to be among the newborn's first visitors at Kensington Palace. Of course, George and Charlotte met their younger brother, whose name has yet to be announced, yesterday at the Lindo Wing.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And Aunt Pippa, who is rumored to be expecting herself, was seen at Kensington Palaceearlier today, no doubt meeting her nephew.
Pippa Middleton at Kensington Palace Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The new royal baby was born at 11:01 a.m. on April 23, St. George's Day. He weighed in at 8 lbs 7oz., and is reportedly in good health.
Getty Images
While Will and Kate didn't stand for pictures too long in the dreary London weather, Prince William did say they were "very happy, delighted" by their new son, and quipped, "thrice worry now.”
Philippine officials say at least 24 people have died after a passenger bus carrying about 45 people fell into a deep ravine in a northern mountain town in one of the deadliest vehicle accidents in the country in recent years.
Disaster-response officer Mark Raymond Cano tells The Associated Press that the brakes of the bus apparently failed as it negotiated a downhill road in Nueva Ecija province's Carranglan town.
Cano says the rest of the passengers were retrieved by rescuers and taken to a hospital mostly with serious injuries.
MADRID — Real Madrid has denied reaching an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain.
The Spanish club released a statement Wednesday calling reports of an agreement between Madrid and PSG “completely false.”
Madrid says it “has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information that has not been proven by the parties concerned.”
The denial comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
It said the report by Spanish public broadcaster TVE was “absolutely untrue.”
PSG is under pressure from UEFA to raise cash from selling players. The French club needs to comply with “Financial Fair Play” rules which monitor overspending on transfers and wages.
PSG spent a record 222 million euros ($260 million) last year to buy Neymar from Barcelona.
UEFA warned the French champions three weeks ago they will “remain under close scrutiny” when they submit accounts for the financial year, which ended last Saturday.
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo hinted after the Champions League final that he may leave the Spanish club. He has not talked about his club future since joining Portugal for the World Cup.
——
More AP Spanish soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LaLiga
Kevin Scruggs interviewed his daughter Mackenzie on her first day of school since the 1st grade and just a few weeks ago, she graduated from high school.
This is the most beautiful graduation gift/family keepsake I've ever seen!
(Video & Image Courtesy of Kevin Scruggs/YouTube)
With the tap of a button, drivers in late-model General Motors vehicles can now order Starbucks coffee, book a table at TGI Friday's, or order pancakes for pickup from IHOP — all directly from a touchscreen on the dashboard.
The new feature, named GM Marketplace, is part of a push by GM and other automakers to provide new, in-vehicle tools that could become major sources of revenues as autonomous and fully driverless vehicles come to market in the near future.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Are Electric Cars Taking Over The Roads? 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The average American spends 46 minutes per day on the road driving," said Santiago Chamorro, vice president for global connected customer experience at GM. "We have an opportunity to make every trip more productive and give our customers time back."
Related: Could a FCA-Hyundai alliance be in the works?
Such services are expected to become even more popular going into the next decade as the industry begins rolling out the first autonomous and fully driverless vehicles. With the ability to focus on other things besides driving, motorists are expected to find ways to shop, work or be entertained while on the road.
Marketplace is the first of a series of new “personalization” services that will roll out over the next 12 to 18 months, according to Chamorro. Initially, about 2 million GM owners will have access to the new service via over-the-air, or OTA, technology to load updated software into many of its 2017 and 2018 models.
By the end of next year, the automaker expects the feature to be available in about four million Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, and GMC vehicles operating in the U.S.
To access the Marketplace, a motorist will simply tap on new icons added to the touchscreens in those vehicles, alongside more familiar features, such as a vehicle's audio or navigation systems. While some of the same features could be accessed by a smartphone, Marketplace will make the process easier and reduce the likelihood of distracted driving.
Among the vendors who've signed up for Marketplace, the service will let a motorist order coffee or food from Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts and other restaurants. The order will be ready and waiting when the driver pulls into the drive-thru lane. They can then pay using a smartphone app.
Related: A Lamborghini SUV? It's here.
Other restaurants, like Applebee's, IHOP and TGI Friday's, will let motorists make reservations through the Marketplace, which is linked to the cloud through a vehicle's built-in 4G LTE WiFi service. Exxon Mobil and Shell will use the app to help customers find a nearby service station. Priceline will offer deals and allow GM Marketplace users to make hotel reservations. And delivery.com will make it possible to access everything from grocery stores to dry cleaners while on the move.
GM has already offered some mobile services to those who have subscribed to versions of its OnStar telematics service, but the GM Marketplace adds a broad range of new features and makes the process simpler.
“For most retailers and consumer brands the daily commute is the only time not accessible in a consumers' day,” said Chamorro. “Marketplace gives merchants the ability to more safely engage with drivers and passengers in a meaningful way that provides true value for our customers.”
GM is not the only automaker looking to make drivers more productive behind the wheel — and without having to use their smartphones. Earlier this year, Ford paired up with Starbucks and Domino's to allow motorists to place orders on the go.
Another fall weekend is here, and more summer like weather is here!
Highs will rocket into the 80s for University of Toledo Homecoming Day, then be around 80 degrees for the AppleButter Fest in Grand Rapids Sunday.
Temperatures will be in the middle 70s by noon with afternoon highs in the middle 80s.
South-southwest winds will gust to around 25-30 mph by midday. It is October, though conditions will be similar to normal highs around the 4th of July.
Plan on summer wear for Rockets football. Drink plenty of fluids to get you through the game.
A chance of showers and thunderstorms can be expected from 8:00PM to 2:00AM. There may be quite a lightning show along with scattered downpours.
As we have forecast all week the weather will be near ideal for the AppleButter Fest in Grand Rapids!
Have a wonderful weekend! Robert Shiels WTOL
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian Olympic Committee says an athlete banned for doping has been accredited as a coach for the Pyeongchang Olympics.
According to an ROC list of 80 coaches it says received International Olympic Committee accreditation, Sergei Chudinov is listed as the only skeleton coach.
That's despite Chudinov being banned from the Olympics for life by an IOC disciplinary panel in November.
The IOC ruled Chudinov was part of a Russian doping scheme at the 2014 Olympics and ordered he was "ineligible to be accredited in any capacity" for future Olympics.
The Russia team is formally banned by the IOC for doping but 169 Russian athletes are allowed to compete as "Olympic Athletes from Russia" in neutral uniforms under the Olympic flag.
Goodbye: AOL Discontinuing Pioneering Instant Messenger
by Lillie Dunn
AOL has announced that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
AOL has announced that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15.
AOL says it's shutting down the program because its focus is “on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products.” Users can still use the program until Dec. 15.
After that date, users won't be able to sign in. AOL Instant Messenger was wildly popular in the late 1990s and early 2000s and claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001.
Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
2019: Buhari Will Win Easily, Says Lai Mohammed – SaharaReporters.com
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
"When I first heard the gun shots immediately it's like a what's-going-on type of feeling, and I saw a gentleman near the door of the Waffle House and I jumped from the high countertop seats and jumped toward the bathrooms," Shaw told "Today" on Monday. "The bathrooms seemed like a bad idea — kind of like shooting fish in a barrel."
Shaw said he felt that Reinking was going to "get [him] either way" and waited for an opportunity to act.
"I was waiting for chance, so when I saw the barrel down I saw an opportunity, and I attacked and took it and it worked out for myself and others who were in the Waffle House at same time," Shaw said.
Shaw said it was then that they began wrestling, ignoring his own pain as he grabbed the hot barrel of the AR-15 weapon. On Sunday afternoon, his right hand was bandaged from the encounter.
The scene at Waffle House following the shooting. Mark Humphrey / AP
"He was kind of cussing while we were wrestling around. When I finally got the gun he was cussing like I was in the wrong," he said. "It wasn't any kind of talking between us; I just knew I just had to get that away from him."
Shaw said he wasn't sure if the gunman had a knife or another weapon on him when he made his move, but felt he just had to get him outside.
"Later on I learned he had other magazines in his gun and could have reloaded, so I'm glad I acted," Shaw said.
Reinking, who killed four and injured four others after opening fire in the Waffle House, escaped after being confronted by Shaw.
On Monday afternoon, Reinking was caught in a wooded area less than two miles from the Waffle House where the shooting took place.
Internet trolls seem to be shaking down White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer for money on payment app Venmo, while others are treating him like a charity case and sending him donations.
It appears Spicer has finally become aware of the action — his Venmo account (or one that appears to be his) is now set to private. However, screenshots posted on Twitter show people paid Spicer for things like Dippin' Dots — a reference to his bizarre four-year history of disgruntled tweeting on the ice cream snack — and a "donation to get ur hairline back."
Related: In Trump's Twitter Presidency, Experts See Risks and Rewards
Others didn't want to throw some cash Spicer's way, so instead they asked him for money. One person requested Spicer pay up for "anxiety meds because your boss is a lunatic."
It's recently come to our attention that @seanspicer is on Venmo, and that he is being trolled pic.twitter.com/zQO23BVYWG — Who? Weekly (@whoweekly) February 7, 2017
President Trump isn't having the best day with trolls, either. His "EASY D!" comment on Twitter, likely meaning "easy decision," has made plenty of people wonder what else he may have meant by it.
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017
This all begs the question: Where is Melania Trump? The First Lady has said she'd like to make ending cyberbullying one of her causes. She may want to start now.
'THE' analysis ranks Hebrew University among top 100 global university brands, making it the only Israeli university on this year's list.
An analysis published by Times Higher Education (THE) has ranked Hebrew University of Jerusalem 91-100 among the top 100 most powerful global university brands. This marks the first time since 2014 that an Israeli university has been included in this coveted list.
The Reputation Rankings 2018 surveyed more than ten thousand leading academics from 137 countries. They were asked to name 15 universities that are the best for research and teaching, based on their own experience.
“To be judged among the Top 100 most powerful university brands is a great source of pride for everyone at Hebrew University and for Israel as a whole,” shared HU president Asher Cohen. “Success in our field is never an accident,” he added, it is “achieved by a relentless pursuit of excellence, creativity and a deep commitment to our enduring values”.
The top 10 ranked institutions include Harvard University, MIT-Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Stanford University. Hebrew University is the only Israeli university listed in this year's rankings.
RALEIGH, N.C. — College basketball played an entire season amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering troubles within the sport, from shady agent dealings to concerns over athletes who'd rather go straight to the pros.
Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix the complex, wide-ranging problems.
On Wednesday morning, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented for next season.
“I expect the proposals will be strong,” NCAA president Mark Emmert told The Associated Press. “They'll certainly break with the status quo. That's their charge and their mission. That's what we need.
“I think it's going to be a very good day for college sports,” he said.
That would be welcome, considering there has been no shortage of bad days in recent months.
The Commission on College Basketball formed in October , a few weeks after federal prosecutors announced they had charged 10 men — including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, USC and Oklahoma State along with a top Adidas executive — in a fraud and bribery scandal.
The case involves hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged bribes and kickbacks designed to influence recruits on choosing a school, agent or apparel company. And it has entangled schools such as Kansas, North Carolina State , Louisville and Miami , among others, though prosecutors withdrew a criminal complaint in Feburary against one of the defendants, a youth hoops program director.
Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems.
“Sometimes unfortunately that's what it takes,” Swofford told the AP. “You'd like to think that collectively the basketball world could've seen this coming and had the foresight to get out ahead of it. But that's not reality. Organizations and people, we all sometimes need wake-up calls. And I see this as a wake-up call, and therefore an opportunity.”
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
“The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level,” Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. “You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome.”
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because “I don't think there's a silver bullet here” to fix everything. And he expects the commission to offer “substantive” findings.
“If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us,” Swofford said.
——
AP College Sports Writer Ralph D. Russo in New York and AP Sports Writer John Zenor in Birmingham, Alabama, contributed to this report.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Severe winds, including at least one tornado, damaged buildings in northern and eastern Alabama on Monday ahead of powerful spring storms that were expected to cause significant damage Tuesday across a large part of the Southeast, authorities and forecasters said.
Officials at Jacksonville State University in Calhoun County, about 60 miles northeast of Birmingham, reported major damage to the roofs of the school's basketball arena and two of its freshman dormitories, Patterson and Logan halls.
No injuries were immediately confirmed at the college, which is on spring break. University police were going door to door to check on any students who may have been on campus, the school said late Monday.
Residents salvage what they can after severe storms Monday in Ardmore, Alabama. Crystal Vander Weit/Decatur Daily via AP
The National Weather Service confirmed that a large tornado hit the area at about 8:40 p.m. (9:40 p.m. ET). Jacksonville fire officials said that numerous homes had sustained significant damage and that fire crews were working to clear roads to get to anyone who may have been trapped in the wreckage.
Calhoun County Sheriff Matthew Wade said West Point Baptist Church was destroyed. The county Board of Education said all schools would be closed on Tuesday.
A possible tornado was also reported Monday afternoon in Franklin County, in the northern part of the state. The state Emergency Management Agency said Monday night that almost all city buses and many police vehicles were extensively damaged in the town of Cullman, near Huntsville, where more than 1,000 customers were without power.
The fire department and a Waffle House restaurant were damaged in Russellville, NBC affiliate WAFF of Huntsville reported, while homes, trees and power lines were damaged in Ardmore in nearby Limestone County.
Photo of damage in Russellville from view Lukas Dodd #WAFF48 >> https://t.co/S4zv02diik pic.twitter.com/7mdxEHEMUJ — WAFF 48 (@waff48) March 19, 2018
On the front end of the system, heavy rain, wind and thunderstorms caused flooding in parts of metropolitan Atlanta, NBC affiliate WXIA reported. Tornado watches and severe thunderstorm warnings were in effect near midnight in several counties in the northern and central parts of the state, where utilities reported that more than 50,000 customers were without power at 1 a.m. ET.
The National Weather Service said the storms were caused by warm, humid air and low pressure across the lower Mississippi valley on Monday. A cold front tracking in the system's wake was expected to spread heavy rain and winds, with some damaging tornadoes likely, across the Southeast on Tuesday, it said.
"This is an ongoing threat," said Heather Tesch, a meteorologist for The Weather Channel, who said the brunt of the system would likely be centered on northern and central Florida and the coasts of Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina.
Who's who in the Douglas Henshall drama, set in the remote Scottish islands where crimes run deep
Shetland is back. The BBC1 detective drama, set in the remote Scottish Shetland islands, stars Douglas Henshall and this series sees the release of Tommy Malone, a local man imprisoned 23 years ago for the murder of local teenager Lizzie Kilmuir – his conviction is overturned, with a ripple effect felt throughout the tight-knit local community.
Advertisement
For more on the case, and this year's cast and characters, read on below…
Detective Inspector Jimmy Perez (played by Douglas Henshall)
Who is DI Jimmy Perez?
Jimmy moved back to Shetland a number of years ago after the death of his wife Fran. He has a daughter, Cassie, and is a kind and empathetic man, always looking for the best in people – although the crime rate in Shetland sometimes thwarts his optimism.
Why do I recognise Douglas Henshall?
As well as the lead role in Shetland – which he's played since 2013 – Henshall is known as Professor Nick Cutter in Primeval. He's also played characters in Lipstick on Your Collar, Psychos and Colllision and more recently has been seen in Outlander and In Plain Sight.
Detective Sergeant Alison McIntosh (played by Alison O'Donnell)
Who is DS Alison McIntosh?
Young, bright and ambitious, Alison – or “Tosh” – works for Perez who sees great potential in his junior colleague. The character was the victim of a rape attack a few years ago and the series has charted her recovery from the trauma of her ordeal.
Why do I recognise Alison O'Donnell?
Shetland is 35-year-old Alison O'Donnell's first major television role, after appearing fleetingly in Feel the Force (back in 2006) and Holby City. Before playing Tosh, she was better known for her work on stage, treading the boards in Boys, The Hard Man, and Lorca's Yerma.
DC Sandy Wilson (played by Steven Robertson)
Who is DC Sandy Wilson?
Recently split from his wife, moralistic Sandy has a strong sense of right and wrong which serves him well in Perez's office, as does his knowledge of the local area and community. Promoted to a detective, he's now out of uniform and willing to go the extra mile to nail the bad guys.
Why do I recognise Steven Robertson?
Steven Robertson has actually appeared in a radio adaptation of Shetland, playing Perez himself. The Scottish actor is also known for roles in Inside I'm Dancing and Being Human, Luther and The Bletchley Circle.
Rhona Kelly (played by Julie Graham)
Who is Rhona Kelly?
Part of the Shetland cast since 2014, prosecutor Rhona enjoys a good relationship with Perez. In previous series she was romantically involved with her boss Phyllis, played by Anna Chancellor.
Why do I recognise Julie Graham?
Julie Graham's notable appearances include 99-1, At Home with the Braithwaites, William and Mary, Survivors and mroe recently The Bletchley Circle.
Duncan Hunter (played by Mark Bonnar)
Who is Duncan Hunter?
Duncan is the birth father to Perez's step-daughter Cassie. The two mostly co-parent but the situation has caused tension in the past.
Why do I recognise Mark Bonnar?
After a 15-year career, Mark Bonnar hit a purple patch recently with memorable roles in Line of Duty, Catastrophe and Undercover. He has also played Detective Finney in Psychoville and Bruno Jenkins in Casualty.
Tommy Malone (played by Stephen Walters)
Who is Tommy Malone?
Tommy spent 23 years behind bars for the murder of local teenager Lizzie Kilmuir. With his conviction overturned, he's back in the local community. But not everyone is convinced of his innocence, especially when another young woman goes missing.
Why do I recognise Stephen Walters?
Outlander fans will recognise Stephen as feisty highlander Angus in series one and two. He's also cropped up in Springhill, Buried, The Visit, The Village and, most recently, Little Boy Blue and Tin Star.
Cassie Perez (Erin Armstrong)
Who is Cassie Perez?
The birth daughter of Duncan and stepdaughter of Jimmy, Cassie has just been brutally dumped and returns to Shetland to recuperate.
Why do I recognise Erin Armstrong?
22-year-old Erin played Mackenzie in World's End and Hectorina in Rillington Place.
Kate Kilmuir (played by Neve McIntosh)
Who is Kate Kilmuir?
Kate's sister Lizzie was murdered 23 years ago. But – to the surprise of many – she shows sympathy towards Tommy, the man convicted of her killing.
Why do I recognise Neve McIntosh?
Scottish actress Neve will be known to fans of Doctor Who as Madame Vastra, as well as appearing alongside two former Doctors, playing opposite David Tennant in Single Father and Peter Capaldi in 10 Minute Tales. Last year she portrayed Kay Gillies in The Replacement and has also cropped up in Gypsy Woman, Bodies, Critical and Guerrilla.
Molly Kilmuir (played by Julia Brown)
Who is Molly Kilmuir?
Kate's teenage daughter Molly doesn't understand her mother's sympathetic attitude towards Tommy Malone.
Why do I recognise Julia Brown?
Julia has played Keri Summers and Caz in CBBC series M.I. High and Eve, respectively.
Sally McColl (played by Amy Lennox)
Who is Sally McColl?
Sally is a local journalist investigating a mysterious death in a factory when she goes missing herself. She is the daughter of retired detective Drew McColl.
Why do I recognise Amy Lennox?
On screen, Amy had a fleeting appearance in film Never Let Me Go and has cropped up in an episode of Casualty. She's also voiced video games Dragon Quest Heroes II and Ghost Recon: Wildlands. On stage, she played Margot in Legally Blonde, Lauren in Kinky Boots and Ellie in David Bowie musical Lazarus.
Drew McColl (played by Sean McGinley)
Who is Drew McColl?
Retired detective Drew led the investigation into Lizzie's death, choosing to prosecute Tommy. Years later, he is aghast to hear of his release from prison.
Why do I recognise Sean McGinley?
McGinley has appeared in films The General, Braveheart and Gangs of New York as well as a string of television series including Bleak House, Love/Hate and, most recently, Paula.
Alan Killick (played by Gerard Miller)
Who is Alan Killick?
Alan is Sally's boyfriend and a member of the local community.
Why do I recognise Gerard Miller?
Gerard Miller appeared in last year's Blade Runner: 2049, making an internet short where he came off worse against Dave Bautista. He played Patrick Adams in River City and D-Cup in Stonemouth and also appeared in 2015 film Macbeth.
Jo Halley (played by Sophie Stone)
Who is Jo Halley?
Jo is Sally's housemate who starts worrying about her friend when she goes missing.
Why do I recognise Sophie Stone?
Sophie was the first deaf student to win a place at RADA drama school. She has gone on to appear on stage in Mother Courage and Her Children at the National Theatre and play the lead in a touring production of Woman of Flowers. Doctor Who fans might recognise her as Cass in episodes Under the Lake and Before the Floor.
Gail Callahan (played by Allison McKenzie)
Who is Gail Callahan?
Gail works for Life After Appeal, helping people after conviction. She teams up with Tommy in a bid to rebuild his life after his release from prison.
Why do I recognise Allison McKenzie?
Allison McKenzie has played roles in River City, Doctors and Line of Duty, playing Jayne Akers in series two.
Cora Mclean (played by Anne Kidd)
Who is Cora Mclean?
Pathologist Cora visits the scene of a crime in episode one, working with Perez and his team on forensic evidence.
Why do I recognise Anne Kidd?
On screen, Kidd has appeared in Retribution, Tutti Frutti and The Love School.
Meg Hamilton (played by Hannah Donaldson)
Who is Meg Hamilton?
Meg's partner Danny was killed while at work but his company are denying any blame for his death. Sally was investigating his the incident before her disappearance.
Why do I recognise Hannah Donaldson?
Advertisement
Hannah has appeared in Rebus, Badults, The Loch and Armchair Detectives.
FG begins training of 2,000 ex-militants in Agric
By Simon Ebegbulem
BENIN—OVER 2,000 former Niger Delta militants, who are beneficiaries of the Federal Government's amnesty programme, have commenced training in farming technology at the College of Agriculture in Iguoriakhi, Edo State.
The exercise which is part of plans by the Federal Government to reintegrate the beneficiaries into the society, will have them trained in different farming techniques to make them self-reliant after the three months training period.
Speaking during the induction exercise, Chief Consultant to the Amnesty Office, Mr Austin Atakpu, said that the aim of the exercise was to equip the trainees with agricultural skills which will give them the opportunity to contribute their quota to the development of the country.
“It is not going to be training alone. They will be empowered through the Amnesty Office to set up their own businesses. We are expecting that the beneficiaries will key into the President Muhammadu Buhari agricultural programme, so that after the training, they will be fully reintegrated into the society and start life afresh as big farmers,” he said.
Special Adviser to the President on Amnesty Affairs, Gen. Paul Boro (retd), represented by Mr Kenneth Ehigie, tasked the beneficiaries to make the Amnesty Office and the Federal Government proud by completing their programme without blemish, to ensure that the aim of the programme was achieved.
In his remarks, the Provost College of Education Iguoriakhi, Dr Friday Obasogie, said the institution was well equipped to provide the facilities needed for the training.
The post FG begins training of 2,000 ex-militants in Agric appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ThisJusn is next up. The 16-year-old rapper rapped on stage for JAY-Z, and the rest was history.
That moment was motivation for him to keep knocking out records. The Maryland artist released the video for his latest single, “Chasin Da Bag.”
Check out the video in its entirety below, and let us know what you think:
Dorna Communications
As the dust settles after the Argentina GP, the paddock begins the journey north to the USA and the Circuit of The Americas in Austin, TX. One of the most beautiful purpose-built racetracks in the world in one of the jewels of the central US, COTA is a unique venue both in location and layout – as well as its MotoGP™ history, with a full house for Marc Marquez (Repsol Honda Team). COTA has only ever had one-star performer – from his first win in his second ever premier class race to every single season since.
Cuarta victoria en Austin!! Gran trabajo en equipo!! 🇺🇸 Fourth win in Austin!! Great teamwork!! #AmericasGP A post shared by Marc Márquez (@marcmarquez93) on Apr 10, 2016 at 1:47pm PDT
In 2017, however, the pack has shuffled as the paddock touches down on American land. After a difficult weekend with the weather in Qatar, it was Maverick Viñales (Movistar Yamaha MotoGP) who made good on his preseason promise – and the Yamaha man did it again in Argentina, where Marquez fell from a lead of almost two seconds. In terms of points, the pressure is on for the rider from Cervera to hit back – and it seems there could be no better stage than Marquez' hunting ground. That also means that a Viñales win this weekend would be more than simply another 25 points.
Last year it was the number 93 with the best hand early on. With a combination of aces, holds and jokers, Marquez took back a crown he has won 75% of the time he's raced for it – and he was the man making the decisions and reading those around him. Viñales is now the man with the poker face, and his record at the track also makes for ominous reading.
Disfrutando en Austin, buen primer día!! FP2-P1 Enjoying in Austin, good first day!! FP2 - P1 #AmericasGP A post shared by Marc Márquez (@marcmarquez93) on Apr 8, 2016 at 2:05pm PDT
There's a campaign in Austin to keep the city weird. As MotoGP™ rolls into town for the Red Bull Grand Prix of the Americas, Marquez' mission is to keep Austin red.
That begins at 9:55 on Friday (GMT -5) for FP1, before the lights go out for Sunday's race at 14:00.
MotoGP World Championship Classification
1 - Maverick Viñales (SPA - Yamaha) 50 points
2 - Valentino Rossi (ITA - Yamaha) 36 points
3 - Andrea Dovizioso (ITA - Ducati) 20 points
4 - Scott Redding (GBR - Ducati) 17 points
5 - Cal Crutchlow (GBR - Honda) 16 points
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File). FILE - In this Aug. 9, 2017, file photo, Washington Nationals pitcher Stephen Strasburg throws from the mound during a simulated baseball game, at Nationals Park in Washington. Strasburg has been on the disabled list wi...
By STEPHEN WHYNOAP Sports Writer
WOODBRIDGE, Va. (AP) - Stephen Strasburg didn't think he needed to go on a rehab start, so he made quick work of his brief trip to the minors.
The Washington Nationals right-hander struck out five and allowed three hits and one walk in a rehab appearance for Class A Potomac on Monday night. Facing the Salem Red Sox, Strasburg showcased good command of his fastball and good movement on his curveball as he allowed one earned run.
Strasburg threw 64 pitches, plus a few more in the bullpen to get up to the 75 the team had prescribed. Afterward, the 29-year-old sounded like he was eager to get back into major league action.
"I feel like I was ready to come back before this, but they wanted to be conservative, so hopefully this is enough," Strasburg said.
With a big lead in the NL East and the playoffs in mind, the Nationals have the ability to be conservative with Strasburg and several other injured players. They placed MVP candidate Bryce Harper on the 10-day disabled list Sunday with what general manager Mike Rizzo called a "significant" bone bruise in his left knee.
"We have a pretty sufficient lead in August," Harper said. "Of course that doesn't mean anything until you get there. But it does help out the fact that I can sit out a little bit and let it heal and let it rest and get to where I need to be."
Strasburg has been on the disabled list with a nerve impingement in his right elbow since July 27. He left two innings into his last start on July 23 at Arizona and has been working to get back since.
He said he felt good during a simulated game at Nationals Park last week and came out of the rehab start with the same feelings.
"I felt good," Strasburg said. "No issues. Felt strong throughout."
Strasburg said his plan was, "Go through my pitches, try and hit my spots." A double was the only ball hit hard off the starter who signed a $175 million, seven-year contract last year.
Last season the Nationals didn't have Strasburg in the playoffs because of injury and hope that's different this time around. In 2017 he's 10-3 with a 3.25 ERA and 141 strikeouts in 20 games.
If Strasburg cites no further issues coming out of his minor league start, he could be in line to pitch this weekend in his hometown of San Diego against the Padres.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By BLAKE NICHOLSONAssociated Press
BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - North Dakota regulators offered Monday to settle state allegations that the Texas-based developer of the Dakota Access oil pipeline improperly reported the discovery of American Indian artifacts during construction.
The state Public Service Commission last November proposed a fine of at least $15,000 against ETP, though the commission has the authority under state law to levy fines of up to $200,000.
The three-member commission unanimously agreed to offer a settlement under which ETP would make a $15,000 "contribution" to the State Historic Preservation Office or another mutually agreed-upon entity. The company would not have to admit fault, and the matter would be dismissed upon payment of the money.
ETP didn't immediately comment on the proposal. The company has 10 days to accept the offer. If it rejects it, the PSC will move forward with the complaint. The next step would be a public hearing.
The complaint arose when the PSC was notified by a third-party inspector that pipeline crews last October had diverted construction of the pipeline around Native American artifacts. The company had obtained the approval of the State Historic Preservation Office but not of the commission, which oversees pipelines. The artifacts weren't disturbed.
ETP has maintained it did nothing intentionally wrong and has been fighting the proposed fine, which pales in comparison to the $3.8 billion cost of the pipeline that last month began moving oil from North Dakota to a distribution point in Illinois.
Commissioners said they decided to make the offer to try to put an end to the dispute. The group in recent weeks has been meeting with its attorneys in meetings closed to the public, but Commissioner Julie Fedorchak said the attorneys did not indicate to regulators that the state would have a tough time proving its case.
"It wasn't a matter of whether the case is strong or weak," she said. "It was really an effort to recognize that it's taking a long time to get to, actually, the heart of the matter, and we're not interested in being tangled up in procedural delays indefinitely, and that seemed to be what was happening from the company's standpoint."
The commission also is looking into whether ETP removed too many trees and improperly handled some removed soil while laying pipe in the state. A public hearing is scheduled Thursday, after which the PSC is to determine whether to proceed with a formal complaint and a possible fine, as it did in the artifacts case.
ETP on Monday asked the PSC to delay the hearing to give company and state attorneys more time to discuss a resolution. The PSC did not immediately decide.
___
Follow Blake Nicholson on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/NicholsonBlake
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Trump promises ‘new revelations' on Russian hacking
President-elect Donald Trump says that he knew “things that other people don't know” about the Russian hacking.
He promised that the information would be revealed “on Tuesday or Wednesday”.
Speaking outside his Palm Beach, Florida club, Mar-a-Lago during the New Year party, Trump who expressed lingering skepticism about intelligence assessments of Russian interference in the election, cast his declarations of doubt as an effort to seek the truth.
“I just want them to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge,” Trump said of the intelligence agencies, according to reports.
“If you look at the weapons of mass destruction, that was a disaster, and they were wrong,” he added, referring to intelligence cited by the George W. Bush administration to support its march to war in 2003.
“So I want them to be sure,” the president-elect said. “I think it's unfair if they don't know.”
He added: “And I know a lot about hacking. And hacking is a very hard thing to prove. So it could be somebody else. And I also know things that other people don't know, and so they cannot be sure of the situation.”
When asked what he knew that others did not, Trump demurred, saying only: “You'll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday”.
The incoming president, who does not use email, also advised people to avoid computers when dealing with delicate material.
“It's very important, if you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old-fashioned way, because I'll tell you what, no computer is safe,” Trump warned.
“I don't care what they say, no computer is safe,” he added. “I have a boy who's 10 years old; he can do anything with a computer. You want something to really go without detection, write it out and have it sent by courier.”
The comments were a departure from a statement that Trump issued through transition officials last week, in which he said that it was time for people to “move on'' from the hacking issue but that he would be briefed on the matter by intelligence officials early in the new year.
On Thursday, President Barack Obama ordered a set of retaliatory measures against Russia over the election hacking, including expelling 35 Russian diplomats and shuttered two estates that it claimed had been used for intelligence-gathering.
The Russian President, Vladimir Putin, declined to respond in kind to the measures, a gesture that Trump appeared to view favourably.
The president-elect praised Putin's action on Twitter and criticised media coverage that had been harsh about Russia.
Trump, who has sought a warmer relationship with Putin, has repeatedly scoffed at the notion that Russia was behind the hacking, a stance at odds with members of his own party.
At one point, the incoming president declared that the hacking may have been the work of “someone sitting on their bed weighing 400 pounds”.
The post Trump promises ‘new revelations' on Russian hacking appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An elaborate tribute consisting of a full-sized bed has been placed on a grave at Blacon Crematorium.
Cheshire West and Chester Council (CWaC) admit they have received objections about the extravagant display located near the cemetery's entrance, which also includes several large floral tributes and photographs.
Councillor Karen Shore, Cabinet member for environment, said any graveside tributes should not present a risk to the health and safety of visitors and staff and said the crematorium team were working with the family to remove the tributes.
She said: “I'd like to pass on my condolences to the family. When we lose someone it can be comforting to honour their memory by placing commemorative items on their grave or in the cemetery grounds.
"To ensure we maintain a pleasant and respectful environment, tributes may be placed on private graves.
“Tributes, however, shouldn't present a risk to the health and safety of visitors or staff. They shouldn't detract from an overall peaceful environment, for example tributes that are wind, solar, battery or powered in some way to emit light or sound are not allowed.
"The size and number of tributes placed on a grave should also be proportionate.
“There has been a small number of complaints following a bed being used as a tribute and our cemeteries and crematorium team are working with the family to remove the tributes," she added.
The Head of the Divine Hand of God Prophetic Ministries International, Prophet Emmanuel Omale, has given his revelations for 2017.
Prophet Emmanuel Omale revealed that former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, will “be forced out of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)”.
He also warned that the party's National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, “may be poisoned”.
In a statement on Sunday in Abuja, Prophet Omale, noted that if “President Muhammadu Buhari chooses the Mandela option (not to contest again), a very powerful man will be anointed by him from North West to rule after him.”
He called for prayers for Ekiti State governor Ayodele Fayose, saying “he may face impeachment.”
Omale said God told him that the proposed Mega Party will not come to reality in 2017.
The cleric said he sees two People's Democratic Party (PDP) governors “cross carpeting to APC,” adding that “another “South-South strong man who rose out of the walls will join the ruling party.”
On corruption, Prophet Omale stated that 2017 will witness the anti-corruption hammer hitting three serving ministers in President Buhari's cabinet.
On economy, Omale said Dollar will move from last year prediction of $350 to $570.
“No oil in commercial quantity will be found in the North, NNPC should seek the Divine Hand of God to know where to find oil in the North.
“I see peace in Niger Delta, but federal government should make peace with former President Jonathan and his family to sustain that peace”, he added.
While calling on the country to “pray against a plane crash in early 2017”, he also appealed for prayers “against Boko Haram efforts to create mayhem in Abuja: residents of Gwagwalada should be vigilant.
“January 27th keep ringing bells in my head, let us pray for ourselves, for our country, we deserve political stability to enable economic prosperity. Let us pray! There will be no shedding of blood.
“Let us pray for the health of a former President to avert bereavement.
“I see fire outbreak in Lagos and Abuja markets.
“I see changes in INEC Leadership
“Taraba should pray to avert a very severe Ethno-religious crisis.
“A very important Emir should pray against bereavement.
“Nigeria should pray to avert deadly inter tribal clash in Lagos state.
“A former governor should pray against sudden death.
“I see massive oil spillage around Kogi that will lead to seven days fire.
“Three banks will collapse.
“A service chief of one of the armed forces will be dropped”, he added.
On world scene, the prophet said he “foresee a massive typhoon in Thailand that may be worse than the last tsunami.
“The new Ghana President-elect should pray against liver and internal organ sickness after inauguration.
“Yahaya Jammeh will hand over to President-elect Barrow.
“Robert Mugabe may not survive 2017.
“Jacob Zuma may still be in trouble, adding that “big tragedy will happen in China.”
“The English Queen should pray against life threatening health challenges.
On sports, he said a “famous Nigerian Athlete should pray against injury that may end his career.”
The Prophet encouraged people to be fervent in prayers and to have strong faith in God saying “with God all things are possible.”
Orange is the New Black season 6, new episodes of Jerry Seinfeld's unorthodox chat show, and Anne With an E season 2 arrive on Netflix in July
It's another jam-packed month on Netflix UK, marked by the return of the streaming service's flagship series Orange is the New Black.
Advertisement
Now in its sixth season, OITNB begins a new era after last year's finale saw the prisoners being carted out of the show's original setting of Litchfield penitentiary.
The ladies formerly of Litchfield are in good company, too: Anne with an E and beloved sports documentary Last Chance U both return for another helping.
On top of this, July brings new episodes of Jerry Seinfeld's Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee with guests such as Ellen DeGeneres and Dave Chappelle, and the latest season of Suits, which returns without the newest member of the royal family, Meghan Markle.
Plus, there's some top notch British TV coming too, including the fourth series of Sherlock, and the live-action Mr Bean series.
Find out about everything coming to Netflix UK in July 2018 below.
Sunday 1st July
The Fast and the Furious: 1-5 Burning rubber, Vin Diesel, Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson… the multi-billion-dollar franchise arrives on Netflix
Mr. Bean: The Whole Bean: Mr Bean Live Action: Season 1 An early season of Rowan Atkinson's comedy series
Adult Beginners Romantic comedy with Nick Kroll and Rose Byrne
Bo Burnham: what. Musical stand-up show with the US comedian
Duck Butter Arrested Development's Alia Shawkat stars in this drama about the breakdown of a relationship between a same-sex couple
The Hateful Eight Quentin Tarantino's latest movie starring Samuel L Jackson arrives on the streaming service
Wind River Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen team up to solve a mysterious murder at a Native America reserve in Wyoming
Tuesday 3rd July
The Comedy Line-up 15 minute stand-up sets from up-and-coming comics
Good Girls new dramedy series about three suburban mums who orchestrate a grocery store heist, starring Mad Men's Christina Hendricks and Parks and Recreation's Retta
Wednesday 5th July
Pete's Dragon An orphan befriends a dragon in this Disney family drama
Friday 6th July
Anne with an E: Season 2 New faces arrive in Anne's beloved Green Gables in the second season of this adaptation
First Team: Juventus Part B Behind-the-scenes sports doc following the Italian champions through the back end of their season
Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee: Freshly Brewed 12 comedy heavyweights ride in a selection of classic cars with Jerry Seinfeld in this chat show
Sacred Games Series exploring the corrupt underworld beneath India's economic renaissance, one of seven new Netflix Indian Originals
Somebody Feed Phil: The Second Course Comedy producer Phil Rosenthal continues his culinary tour of the globe
The Legacy of a Whitetail Deer Hunter Danny McBride and Josh Brolin go hunting in this Original comedy film
The Perks of Being a Wallflower Emma Watson leads a indie teen drama, first released in 2012
The Impossible JA Bayona's harrowing film about a family who get caught up in the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami
Gnomeo and Juliet Shakespeare, with cartoon gnomes – perfect kids' viewing
Peter Pan Jason Isaacs leads this big-screen adaptation of the classic children's tale
Looper Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon-Levitt star as time-travelling hitmen
Scarface Al Pacino's classic story of drug kingpin Tony Montana
Green Street Elijah Wood stars as an American who gets caught up in a gang of West Ham football hooligans
Saturday 7th July
A Ghost Story A stark and haunting indie drama starring Casey Affleck as an actual ghost in a bedsheet
Tuesday 10th July
Drug Lords: Season 2 The new season explores El Chapo, Jemeker Thompson, Christopher Coke and Klaas Bruinsma
The Wolf of Wall Street Leonardo DiCaprio stars as con-man Jordan Belfort in this Scorsese epic from 2013
Friday 13th July
Sugar Rush New baking show sees teams race against the clock in making tasty treats
How It Ends Original thriller about a man on a mission to reunite with his pregnant girlfriend after a cataclysmic event. Stars Forrest Whitaker
Sunday 15th July
The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale part 2 The irreverent Netflix weekly series is back
Sherlock: series 4 Netflix completes its Sherlock collection with the latest series starring Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman
Thursday 19th July
Suits season 8 the legal drama returns – without Meghan Markle
Friday 20th July
Amazing Interiors Netflix's first-ever home makeover series makes its debut
Father of the Year Two university graduates argue over whose dad would win in a fight; things get ugly…
Last Chance U: EMCC and Life After A “where are they now” special about the players featured last year hoping to become NFL stars
Last Chance U: Indy Part 1 A new season of the NFL sports documentary centred around Independent Community College in Kansas
Final Space A new Conan O'Brien-produced animated comedy about an astronaut who travels the solar system with his alien sidekick
Dark Tourist New travel series which sees journalist David Farrier travel to unusual, and often bleak, destinations
Jackie Natalie Portman narrowly missed out on her second Academy Award for her incredible performance as Jackie Kennedy Onassis in this biopic
Tuesday 24th July
Happy End Michael Haneke's 2017 familial drama set against the backdrop of the refugee crisis in Calais
Friday 27th July
Orange is the New Black: season 6 Litchfield is no more – but the ladies will be back
The Bleeding Edge A documentary about the dangers of America's profit-driven medical device industry
Advertisement
Extinction Alien invasion sci-fi flick starring Michael Pena
TORONTO — A Tom Thomson painting that was given away as a gag gift just months ago fetched $481,250 on Wednesday night at the Heffel Fine Art Auction House semi-annual auction in Toronto.
Until recently, “Sketch for Lake in Algonquin Park” was collecting dust among a pile of artworks in Glenna Gardiner's Edmonton basement.
The 71-year-old retired nurse said she used to laugh off her late father's claims that the painting was created by Thomson, often considered the forefather to the Group of Seven.
The work's origins became a running joke between Gardiner and a longtime friend, who insisted it was authentic, leading Gardiner to present it as a gag gift.
The two brought it to Heffel Fine Art Auction House for appraisal, where experts verified its pedigree and valued the sketch at between $125,000 and $175,000.
The two friends will be taking a Mediterranean cruise with the profits, Heffel said in a release.
Wednesday's auction of 118 works — which raised a total of $14.1 million — included pieces by Paul-Emile Borduas, whose 1956 masterpiece “Figures schematiques” led the auction by fetching $3.6 million — an auction record for the artist.
“Morning, Lake Superior” by Group of Seven founder Lawren Harris sold for $1.1 million — far above the pre-sale estimate of between $100,000 and $150,000. The small work is described as a preparatory sketch for a pivotal canvas by the artist, hanging in the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts.
Other Group of Seven paintings offered in the auction included A.J. Casson's “Farmhouse Near Wingle.” The canvas also sold well over the pre-sale estimate at $541,250 (est. $150,000 — $250,000).
Other highlights include “Strawberry,” a large-scale canvas by Jack Bush, which set an artist record by selling for $691,250.
Two works by Quebec-born Jean Paul Lemieux sold at above pre-sale estimates. “Le Cavalier dans la neige” sold for $841,250 and “Le temps retrouve – Kent House 1913” fetched $391,250.
Adele's win over Beyoncé for Album of the Year drew criticism from a swath of viewers and artists, including Adele herself. Herbie Hancock, who won the award in 2008, is the category's last black winner, but despite this fact—and the criticism of the Grammys that stems from it—Recording Academy President Neil Portnow said today in an interview with Pitchfork that Grammy voters don't see race, and neither should listeners.
Portnow defended the Academy's votes, arguing that its 14,000 members are “the highest level of professionals in the industry.” Thus, he reasoned, “I don't think there's a race problem at all”:
We don't, as musicians, in my humble opinion, listen to music based on gender or race or ethnicity. When you go to vote on a piece of music—at least the way that I approach it—is you almost put a blindfold on and you listen. It's a matter of what you react to and what in your mind as a professional really rises to the highest level of excellence in any given year. And that is going to be very subjective. That's what we ask our members to do, even in the ballots. We ask that they not pay attention to sales and marketing and popularity and charts. You have to listen to the music. So of the 14,000 voters, they listen, they make up their minds, and then they vote.
To further make his case, Portnow pointed to Chance the Rapper's Best New Artist win as proof of the Academy's diversity: “You don't get Chance the Rapper as the Best New Artist of the year if you have a membership that isn't diverse and isn't open-minded and isn't really listening to the music.” Portnow omits Chance is just one of five to win it since 1999. Lauryn Hill's The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill won Album of the Year in 1999, the last time that award was won by a black woman.
Portnow's main argument is the Academy's size means it is diverse. But the Academy does not release the exact demographics of its voter base, nor does it seem like it's planning to, and one must wonder if the data really would back up his claim.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has been jailed for stabbing a busker in the face outside London Bridge station.
The musician had gone to his usual busking spot on October 25 last year but found Barbara Ugolor taking up the space.
She refused to leave to make way for the musician and instead lunged towards him with a knife and stabbed him in the cheek in a “vicious” attack.
The 46-year-old victim was rushed to Guy's Hospital after the attack outside the busy train station at 5.30pm. He suffered non-life-threatening injuries and later returned home.
Ugolor pleaded not guilty to causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent but following a British Transport Police (BTP) was convicted of the charge on March 9.
The 46-year-old, of Iffley road, in Hammersmith, was sentenced at Blackfriars Crown Court on April 20 to four-and-a-half years in prison.
Detective Constable, James Inquieti said: “This was a completely unacceptable and vicious attack which is reflected in the severity of the sentence handed to Ugolor.
“Thankfully, the man sustained non-life-threatening injuries and was able to return home after immediate medical attention at Guys Hospital.
"The British Transport Police will always act swiftly and robust in bringing offenders of these offences before the courts.
“Ugolor has now been brought to justice and is paying the price for this reckless act of violence”
A high speed chase through two counties on Saturday night sent a Carroll Township police officer to the hospital.
Ottawa County Sheriff Steve Levorchick says deputies tried to pull over a vehicle driven by 39-year-old Jeremiah J. Mincer of Oak Harbor for a traffic violation on Route 2 and Route 163 at the Oak Harbor exit.
The chase began eastbound on Route 163 to Lakeshore Drive. From there Mincer got back Route 2 heading west.
The pursuit continued on Route 2 until it reached Tettau Road before Mincer went back on Route 163 heading west.
In Lacarne, other deputies from Ottawa County, as well as police officers from Carroll Township and Oak Harbor Township, joined the pursuit.
During this portion of the pursuit, a Carroll Township Police cruiser was struck by the fleeing vehicle, injuring an officer in the shoulder.
The pursuit continued back onto Route 2 going east before Mincer exited at Lakeshore Drive.
Port Clinton police laid a spike strip, which the vehicle ran over.
The Mincer then went on Perry St. in Port Clinton until he pulled into the Friendship gas station at the corner of Perry St. and Buckeye St.
He was taken into custody.
Mincer is being held at the Ottawa County Detention Facility several charges including:
Assault on a Police Officer
Felonious Assault
Aggravated Vehicular Assault
Two counts of Attempted Vehicular Assault
Resisting Arrest
Failure to Comply
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
EMBED >More News Videos The San Francisco Fire Department said a final farewell to one of their own on Monday in a memorial services held today for 90-year-old Earl Gage. He was the city's first African-American firefighter.
The San Francisco Fire Department said a final farewell to one of their own on Monday in a memorial services held today for 90-year-old Earl Gage. He was the city's first African-American firefighter.Gage became the first African-American firefighter in 1955 when he was 28 years old.The department is said to be the most diverse in the nation, but Gage was the only black person for 12 years, enduring death threats and racism."Not only do you have to fight the fire, but you have to fight the people that you're with. I can only imagine going to as many fires as they did back then and feeling that way all the time," explained SFFD Captain Sherman Tillman.Fire Chief Joanne Hayes-White says she benefited from the road paved by Gage. He integrated the formerly all-male and all-white department, and later, as the director of community services, pushed hard to open the doors for others to follow."As diverse as San Francisco is, when you have someone responding to an emergency that can speak your language or looks like you, and provides that much more of a calming presence, it's very important to reflect the community we're serving," she said.Gage was described as dedicated to his job and a devoted family man."He was very much a proud man, proud of where he came from and wanted to make sure he left a lasting impact," said Gage's daughter.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than half of the barrow street sweepers employed at Veolia's Croydon hub could be set to lose their jobs, according to a presentation shown to employees there last month and seen by the Advertiser.
On January 24, staff at the waste management company's Stubbs Mead depot, on Factory Lane in Waddon, were shown PowerPoint slides about a proposed staff restructure.
It revealed that the number of barrow street sweepers based in Croydon is set to fall from 73 to 34 by March.
In their place, 16 more positions which involve working with mechanical sweepers have been proposed.
Overall, to restructure would see the number of employees at the depot cut from 135 to 102.
The presentation states that the move would allow the company to “deliver more with less” and “operate within a tighter budget”.
(Image: Croydon Council)
A spokeswoman for Veolia, which is contracted by Croydon Council to deal with waste management in the borough, confirmed the documents were authentic but said to restructure is still in the consultation phase.
She said: “We are currently in consultation with staff on a proposed restructure to the way we deliver our street cleansing services.
“New technologies and mechanical operations will also be introduced to increase the efficiency of the service, so that a high standard of street cleansing can be carried out across the borough.”
She added: “We do not envisage redundancies for permanent employees, but will be reducing the requirements for agency staff.”
Croydon Council's long-term contract with Veolia is due to start in March in a bid to save taxpayers in the borough £5 million per year in costs.
Commenting on to restructure, Councillor Stuart Collins, the council's cabinet member for Clean Green Croydon, said: “The new contract has tougher performance requirements.
“Veolia state they do not envisage redundancies for permanent employees, but will be reducing the requirements for agency staff.
“New technologies and mechanical operations will also be introduced to increase the efficiency of the service, so that a high standard of street cleansing can be carried out across the borough.”
He added: “This new deal will give our residents improved street cleaning and better waste and recycling collections, whether that's bins, year-round grass cuttings or a used Christmas tree.
“This contract is important because it sets tougher targets for our contractor to stick to, and I look forward to them delivering a much-improved service across the borough.”
*If there is a story in Croydon like this you think we should know about email newsdesk@croydonadvertiser.co.uk
BEAUFORT, N.C. (AP) - Some good Samaritans who came to help a North Carolina man get his truck out of a ditch discovered the truck held some items stolen from their own store. And when police were summoned, they discovered the man had stolen a big truck to help free his own stuck vehicle.
That's according to the Carteret County Sheriff's Office. Maj. Jason Wank said deputies were called Friday after workers at an auto parts store tried to help 27-year-old Taylor Russell Valentine of Morehead City.
Wank said they discovered items stolen from their business. He also said Valentine had stolen a large truck and used it to try to free his own truck.
Valentine is jailed on multiple charges, with bond set at $20,000. It's not known if he has an attorney.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SPENCER, Mass. (AP) - Firefighters in Massachusetts responded to a fast food restaurant over the weekend to free a young girl who got stuck in the playground.
The Telegram & Gazette reports that firefighters responded to a McDonald's in Spencer at around 8 p.m. Sunday.
Firefighters say they needed a ladder to reach the girl, who was stuck 10 to 12 feet (3 to 4 meters) in the air. Police say it took a cutting tool and about 30 minutes to free her.
Police think the girl suffered a dislocated knee. She was taken to a hospital for treatment.
Her name and age were not released, and it is unclear how she became trapped.
___
Information from: Telegram & Gazette (Worcester, Mass.), http://www.telegram.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan aims for attainable luxury
This version of the Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan was designed for the Chinese market, but expect the four-door A-Class to make it to the United States eventually as Mercedes' new entry-level model.
The post New Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan aims for attainable luxury appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LONDON — British police on Thursday said they had arrested a 50-year-old jogger on suspicion of knocking a woman into the path of a bus on a busy west London street earlier this year.
Closed circuit TV footage showed a male jogger knocking a 33-year-old woman head-first into the path of the bus, which narrowly managed to swerve out of her way.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed London Woman Falls Into Path of Bus After Jogger Pushes Her 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Police investigating an assault after a jogger appeared to push a woman into the path of an oncoming bus in Putney have made an arrest," London police said in a statement.
"The man arrested for grievous bodily harm ... has been released under investigation pending further enquiries."
The man was arrested at a residential address in the nearby Chelsea area, police said. The victim received minor injuries from the incident.
The arrest came after a public appeal for help in tracing the jogger. Although the incident happened in May, police said they had received a "good response" from the appeal, and said they were still looking for witnesses.
SAN ANTONIO — Things are going to have to change quickly if the Memphis Grizzlies hope to steal home-court advantage away from the San Antonio Spurs in their best-of-seven Western Conference first-round playoff series that continues Monday at the AT&T Center.
The Spurs took the opening game of the series on Saturday, riding a 19-0 surge over a five-minute span bridging the third and fourth quarters to turn a tight contest into a 111-82 rout.
San Antonio led 74-64 with 1:53 to play in the third quarter but closed the quarter on a 10-0 run and added the first nine points of the fourth quarter to build a 93-64 advantage. During that stretch, Memphis missed nine consecutive shots and committed three turnovers.
“The best part was the team keeping its composure, not going off in different directions and just trying to do what he planned execution-wise on both ends of the floor,” San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich said. “I thought we got better as the game went on.”
Kawhi Leonard led the Spurs with a career-playoff-high-tying 32 points, 15 of which came in the third quarter when he matched the Grizzlies' entire offensive output.
“We are on our home floor and we went down early, but we stayed in it,” Leonard said when asking about the Spurs' comeback from 13 points down in the first quarter. “We got physical and got some stops and got rolling from there.”
The Spurs rested their starters for the entire fourth quarter, which could be a huge advantage in a series that is expected to be a physical one between grind-it-out teams.
Marc Gasol led the Grizzlies with 32 points, 25 of which came in the first half when he outscored the rest of his teammates combined by a point. Gasol said the Spurs defended better as a team, especially in the paint, in the second half.
“We know they are good at that, and we wanted to try to attack them one-on-one,” Gasol said. “They plugged the paint, and we've got to be a little more disciplined with our spacing and hold our spots so we have outlets when we drive. We've got to be a little more conscious when we drive to be patient and kick it and make them work so we get multiple passes in every possession.”
And once things went south for the Grizzlies, they never found their usual ability to stem the negative flow. Memphis scored just 33 points in the second half and missed 9 of its 10 3-point attempts after halftime.
“(San Antonio) just got after us — they upped their pressure,” Memphis coach David Fizdale said. “We went over it (in game planning), we expected it, but we didn't respond well to it. Give the Spurs credit; they really turned the game around defensively against us. They forced us into some tough situations in that third quarter and broke the game open.”
Mike Conley added 13 points for Memphis but didn't score after the eight-minute mark of the second quarter.
“We have to get Mike (Conley) going,” Fizdale said. “Without Mike having a big series, this won't be much of a series; we understand that.”
Memphis was affected by the absence of defensive ball hawk Tony Allen, who missed Game 1 with a right calf injury and is not expected to play on Monday. San Antonio reported a clean injury sheet on Sunday afternoon.
Games 3 and 4 of the series will be Thursday and Saturday in Memphis, respectively.
Flexera, the company that's reimagining how software is bought, sold, managed and secured, today announced it's extending its leadership in Software Asset Management (SAM) and license optimization with the latest release of FlexNet Manager® Suite for Enterprises. Flexera is the only SAM provider able to help organizations optimize all their cloud asset spend – from Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) and Managing Software in the Cloud, to cloud infrastructure.
“Organizations are starting to see their cloud spend skyrocket, and feel urgent pressure to rein in those costs. But doing this successfully is like taming a three-headed hydra,” said Ed Rossi, Vice President of Product Management at Flexera. “To maximize savings you have to optimize all dimensions of cloud spend from SaaS subscriptions and software licenses running in the cloud, to cloud infrastructure costs. FlexNet Manager Suite is the only SAM solution that goes wide and deep, helping companies optimize all dimensions of their cloud spend in a single, centralized, dashboard environment.”
A Weight Loss Program for SaaS Bloat
SaaS bloat is becoming a big problem in most companies. Organizations don't have an easy way to see and manage all their SaaS subscriptions. They can't tell whether they're actually using all the functionality they subscribed to, whether they paid too much for the subscription, or whether they're paying the right price for renewals. As a result, they buy too much, and they pay too much.
FlexNet Manager Suite now helps reduce bloat in SaaS spending by facilitating the effective management of SaaS products. A flexible SaaS inventory framework enables the creation of modules to collect inventory and usage data from SaaS products and links with Entitlements to show under use. Included in this capability is a tailored module for managing Salesforce.com® subscriptions, a particularly important and expensive SaaS app for many organizations. FlexNet Manager Suite can link to all Salesforce.com instances across the network and track usage. It then centralizes that usage data and delivers visibility into unused licenses.
Avoid Hidden Risks when Managing Software in the Cloud
Many companies want to run their packaged software in a cloud environment to reduce infrastructure and overhead costs. But they fail to realize – until it's too late – that doing so can violate their license agreements, exposing them to significant audit penalty risk. “Many companies don't discover their license noncompliance until after they've moved the application to the cloud,” added Rossi. “And from an audit risk exposure – by then it's too late.”
This latest release of FlexNet Manager Suite adds new capabilities for IBM® enterprise applications, like DB2®. Companies can now track license consumption for IBM software running in a cloud. By incorporating out-of-the-box Cloud licensing rules from IBM, including the identification of non-supported Cloud environments, FlexNet Manager Suite enables companies to run IBM software in a cloud environment without the risk of a software audit or costly true-up penalty.
“We're seeing a huge increase in the number of clients seeking to optimize their cloud spend and subscription contracts,” said Michael Adams, Managing Director, Major Projects and Contract Advisory, KPMG LLP. “Clients looking for innovative products and advanced technology are turning to Flexera to help with everything from counting licenses and compliance to Software License Optimization on premises, in the datacenter and in the cloud. Now, with the release of FlexNet Manager Suite, companies can go further and faster in managing their SaaS applications, Salesforce.com, and software deployed in the cloud.”
Flexera recently announced that FlexNet Manager Suite received the highest scores in Intermediate SAM Functionality and Advanced SAM Functionality use cases among SAM Vendors in Gartner's Critical Capabilities for Software Asset Management Tools. The report is a companion to the Gartner 2018 Magic Quadrant for Software Asset Management Tools in which Flexera was recently named a Leader. Flexera believes that its customers also affirmed Flexera's SAM leadership via Gartner's Peer Insights product reviews, providing reviews of FlexNet Manager Suite, Flexera's SAM and license optimization solution.
Read the entire article here, Flexera First SAM Provider to Optimize Spend Across All Cloud Assets – from SaaS and Software in the Cloud to Cloud Infrastructure Press Release
Via the fine folks at Flexera Software
MIAMI — The brother of the teen charged with killing 17 people at a Florida school was arrested Monday afternoon for trespassing at the same school, authorities said.
Zachary Cruz, 18, was arrested at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and charged with trespassing on school grounds, a Broward Sheriff's Office report said.
The teen was recorded by security cameras riding his skateboard at the school around 4:30 p.m. though he had received prior warnings from school officials to stay away from the campus, the report said.
Zachary Cruz told the arresting deputy that he was there to “reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in,” according to the report. It added that the teen had “surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride his skateboard through school grounds.”
The youth's brother, 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, has been charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder in connection with the Feb. 14 shooting.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Nikolas Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to have legally obtained a gun such as the AR-15 assault-style rifle used in the shooting.
Jail records didn't immediately list an attorney for Zachary Cruz.
LONDON, Ont. — A fire chief in southwestern Ontario has retired amid allegations that his department was plagued by a culture of harassment and retaliation.
The City of London says in a press release that Chief John Kobarda is retiring “effective immediately” after 27 years as a firefighter in the city, 14 of which he spent in the top job.
London Abused Women's Centre executive director Megan Walker says she has received more than 30 complaints in less than a week from London firefighters alleging that they are shouted at or discriminated against by superiors, and punished for standing up for their colleagues.
Walker says the allegations do not name Kobarda specifically, but that he bears responsibility as the leader of the department.
She says Kobarda's retirement is a step in the right direction but that full culture change will not happen until all officials who contributed to the alleged harassment are held accountable.
London Mayor Matt Brown declined to comment on the harassment allegations.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – Three people were arrested in Warren on Tuesday morning during a raid by the police department's Street Crimes Unit.
A tactical entry team served the warrant at a house in the 500 block of Washington Street NE.
Police said a search of the home found two stolen pistols, a revolver, over 100 grams of heroin, 25 grams of crack cocaine, several digital scales and ammunition. Officers also reported finding $600 in cash, packaging material, new syringes, a surveillance system, gloves and numerous prescription pills.
D'Auntai Boss, 23, was arrested and charged with aggravated drug trafficking, having weapons under disability and with a probation violation out of Trumbull County.
Daniel Dicks, 37, was arrested on a warrant and charged with a probation violation out of Warren Municipal Court.
Brittany Rae Hudson, 24, was arrested as a fugitive out of Erie County.
Police said Dicks and Hudson arrived at the home while officers were conducting the search. Boss was found in the living room.
Boss is due in court at 10:15 a.m. June 22.
With six words penned to his local newspaper, serial killer Todd Kohlhepp gave voice to the fears of investigators and anyone else worried that a missing loved one had become a victim of South Carolina's infamous murderer:
“Yes there is more than seven.”
The sentence was a chilling part of a prison letter Kohlhepp sent to the Spartanburg Herald-Journal last week — more than a year after a woman who had been summoned to Kohlhepp's property to clean was found chained by the neck inside a large storage container.
The investigation led authorities to identify seven other victims. Three had also been lured to the property under cleaning gig pretences. Their bodies were buried in shallow graves. Another four were victims of a quadruple murder that hadn't been solved for 13 years.
In May, Kohlhepp pleaded guilty to avoid the death penalty and was sentenced to seven lifetimes in prison, plus 60 years.
But he apparently wants people to know — or at least wonder — about other possible victims.
I tried to tell investigators and I did tell FBI, but it was blown off.
“I tried to tell investigators and I did tell FBI, but it was blown off,” he continued in his letter to the Herald-Journal. “It's not an addition problem, it's (a) multiplication problem. Leaves the state and leaves the country. Thank you private pilot's license.”
It's plausible that there could be more murder victims. Some of Kohlhepp's previous murders had been unsolved for more than a decade. He was a gun enthusiast and, as he points out in his letter, an amateur pilot. Authorities told the media they confiscated an “arsenal” of weapons from the Woodruff property where the woman was found and Kohlhepp's home some 10 miles away.
Kohlhepp was a well-groomed and tech-savvy real estate agent who gave no outward signs of the murderous secrets he was keeping. But to those privy to his true self, he was rather chatty.
Kala Brown — the woman found in the storage container — told the “Dr. Phil” show that Kohlhepp would tell her he was “nearing the triple digits” in killings.
As The Washington Post's Amy B Wang reported, Kohlhepp recounted in detail — and even seemed to brag — about killing four people at a South Carolina motorcycle shop, which had come to be known as the “Superbike” murders.
“All of a sudden, I had three people in front of me. … Mom was the closest. … And I shot her two, three times in the chest. Not my best work. … She fell. The son and the manager, he … ran for the door, took off. … At that range, they should have run to me, not away.
” … That was one big building. I cleared that building in under 30 seconds,” Kohlhepp told investigators. “I'm sorry, but you guys would have been proud.”
More than a decade later, Kohlhepp hired Brown and her boyfriend, Charles “David” Carver, to do some cleaning work at the property he owned in Woodruff. She told “Dr. Phil” that they had previously cleaned houses for Kohlhepp and never thought they were in danger as they drove to Woodruff.
But Kohlhepp killed Carver and kidnapped Brown. Investigators tracked them down by tracing their cellphones.
Dramatic video released by investigators showed them sawing through a lock on the shed where Brown was hidden. Suddenly free, she spewed out details about her captor and the other crimes he'd revealed to her.
Carver's body and two others were found on the property. Kohlhepp also confessed to the motorcycle shop murders in Chesnee.
As for the most recent claims, Anderson Police Department Capt. Mike Walters told the Herald-Journal he doesn't believe Kohlhepp is connected to any open local cases but that there could be more victims in other states where Kohlhepp has spent time.
The FBI told the newspaper the investigation remains open.
But the only person who knows for sure is being cryptic.
“At this point,” Kohlhepp wrote in the letter, “I really don't see reason to give numbers or locations.”
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) — A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment by an officer who wrote "Hahahaha love this" in response to a story about a car crashing into counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one person and injuring at least 19 others.
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri says he received a complaint about the comment Sunday and opened an internal investigation.
Officer Conrad Lariviere wrote in response to the violence: "Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways."
In a Facebook interview with Masslive.com, Lariviere says he's a "good man who made a stupid comment."
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno says: "There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer."
An Ohio man is charged with second-degree murder and other counts over the crash.
Peter Kuruvita ventures into some of the world's most fascination island communities, where he discovers the vibrant intricacies of island life, tradition, passion and flair behind local cuisines and customs. Available On Demand to NZ viewers for 30 days.
Watch Now Favourite Log in to add this show as a favourite.
Melania Trump's Massive White Hat Sparks Comments
The White House was awash in pomp and pageantry on Tuesday as President Trump hosted French President Emmanuel Macron during his first official state visit.
The two world leaders, joined by their spouses, met on the White House's South Lawn, surrounded by roughly 500 members of the U.S. military and dozens of government officials.
Both Macron's wife, Brigitte, and First Lady Melania Trump wore white during the morning ceremony.
The First lady stole the show with a wide-brimmed white hat that some on social media compared to Joan Collin's Alexis Carrington Colby character on “Dynasty” and others compared to Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope character on “Scandal.”
“Melania Trump is hardcore channeling Olivia Pope in that outfit. I wonder what she's trying to say with that white hat…” tweeted Suzie Storey.
Trump and Macron are scheduled to sit down for private talks covering several topics, including the future of the Iran nuclear deal.
The pageantry of Macron's official state visit, the first of the Trump presidency, culminates Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House.
About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera.
Monday night was more relaxed, featuring a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and a trip to the Potomac River home of George Washington with their wives for dinner.
Trump said the “wonderful friendship” he has developed with Macron is a testament to two nations' enduring alliance. Trump also thanked Macron for his “steadfast partnership” in responding to the recent chemical attack in Syria.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Melania Trump's Massive White Hat Sparks Comments appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Niagara Metros are nearing the end of their regular season armed and ready to strike down the opposition in the Central Ontario Baseball Association (COBA) Major Playoff tournament Aug. 18-20.
The Metros, 12-10; are currently on a five-game winning streak in league play. The recent streak for the St. Catharines-based Metros who play out of George Taylor Field has moved them over the .500 mark for the first time since they were 5-4 on June 5.
The Metros defeated the visiting Mississauga SW Twins 6-4 Wednesday and scored all of their runs in the fourth inning one night later in a 7-4 victory over the Oakville Athletics in their final home game of the regular season.
“We feel like we're really primed,” Cobras manager-player Jon Marcheterre said. “Our pitching is going, we're fielding the ball well and we've had our bats firing.
“On the mound, depth has been a real positive for us this year. Going into the off-season last year, my focus was adding arms that could come in and get outs in any situation.”
Marcheterre, now in his 15th season with the team, said the thing he's learned over the years is to “not run out of gas” and reserve some of it for the eliminations tournament and the COBA playoff title.
“We don't discount the regular season in terms of big importance leading up to the end of the regular season,” he said. “What we recognize with our regular season is that we have to use every game to prepare.”
With just one game remaining on the schedule, the Metros are determined to show that they are not to be taken lightly. St. Catharines is fresh off a quarter-final knockout in the COBA elimination tournament and a second-place finish in the Hap Walters Invitational Tournament, where they lost in the finals to the Etobicoke Rangers by a single run.
On the season, southpaw Nick Subramaniam, 29.1 innings pitched, 1.47 ERA; and outfielder Danny Beaver, 13 GP, .521 batting average; are making an impact in their first season with the big club.
“The team has been great,” Beaver said. “At the beginning, here and there a couple of guys would show up.
“But once we all came together, it was all nice.”
The speedy outfielder was picked up by the Metros halfway through the regular season and already has 12 stolen bases.
“My speed changes my game because I can put a ball in the gap and run the bases or lay down a bunt and beat it out,” he said. “It is true that speed kills and it definitely helps in this league.”
The Metros back-to-back COBA championships in 2012 and 2013 to bring the number of league titles in their history to seven.
CBN injects $210 m in wholesale FOREX market, others
About $100 million went to the wholesale sector of the market.
The post CBN injects $210 m in wholesale FOREX market, others appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Joshua Replogle). Susan Bro, the mother of Heather Heyer, holds a photo of Bro's mother and her daughter, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Charlottesville, Va. Heyer was killed Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, when police say a man plowed his car into a gro...
(Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail shows James Alex Fields Jr., who was charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he rammed his car into a ...
By DAKE KANG and SARAH RANKINAssociated Press
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) - The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Samantha Bloom, who is disabled and uses a wheelchair, repeatedly called police about her son, James Alex Fields Jr., in 2010 and 2011, telling officers he was on medication to control his temper, transcripts from 911 calls show.
Fields, 20, is accused of ramming his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
Fields, described by a former high school teacher as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany, was charged with second-degree murder.
A judge denied him bail Monday after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest.
Fields was assigned a local attorney, and another hearing was set for Aug. 25.
Records show that Fields was arrested and put in juvenile detention after his mother reported in 2011 that he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife.
In another incident in 2010, she said her son smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. There was no indication in the records that he was arrested.
Also Monday, a former classmate told The Associated Press that on a school trip to Europe in 2015, a teenage Fields couldn't stand the French and said he only went on the trip so that he could visit "the Fatherland" - Germany.
"He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us," said Keegan McGrath.
McGrath, now 18, said he challenged Fields on his beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. He said he went home after three or four days because he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
"He was just a normal dude" most of the time, though he occasionally made "dark" jokes that put his class on edge, including one "offhand joke" about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said Fields was no outcast: "He had friends. He had people who would chat with him."
Meanwhile, under pressure to speak out more forcefully, President Donald Trump condemned Ku Klux Klan members, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as "criminals and thugs" and declared that "racism is evil."
Trump's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name, and his blaming of the violence on "many sides," prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats.
A teacher who taught Fields in high school said Sunday that Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Hitler, and had been singled out in the ninth grade by officials at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky, for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, according to the teacher, Derek Weimer.
Fields later enlisted in the Army and reported for basic training in 2015 but was released from active duty four months later because of what military described only as "a failure to meet training standards."
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers in a helicopter crash.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the protest against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. The group on Sunday denied any association with Fields.
___
Associated Press writer Brian Witte in Annapolis, Maryland, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ANOTHER Life Tragically Taken Just as 2016 Ended… MEDIA IGNORES
The media has been wrapping up 2016 with moving tributes to celebrity lives we lost throughout the year. From Dick Clark, Alan Rickman, and Carrie Fisher to Prince and George Michael, it's understandably been a sad year for their fans. But there are other people that tragically died that the media has completely ignored… maybe because it doesn't suit their narrative. People like 17-year-old Keoshia Ford apparently don't matter as much to them.
Keoshia Ford was shot at 13, in 2012, when a shootout between two gangs took place at Highland Park. Ford was just there to play, and was tragically caught in the crossfire, taking a bullet to the head. After the shooting stopped, Ford was found being held by another girl, body limp and still. She survived, but was in a coma. She could not sit, stand, eat, smile, or talk. Yet eventually, she was stable enough to be released from the hospital, although she needed round-the-clock medical care.
Slowly, Ford began to recover. She was able to sit in a wheelchair, and though her gaze would be unfocused, occasionally her foot would wiggle or her eyelids would flutter. Lekeshia Matthews, her mother, celebrated each achievement, as it meant her daughter was one step closer to the full recovery she was hoping for. “It's been — oh my God, it's been rough,” Matthews said. “It's been a rough journey. When she got shot, the things she did, she couldn't do anymore. She couldn't walk, talk, couldn't do anything for herself. It was hard to see your child suffer like that. If she was in pain, she couldn't tell me, she couldn't do anything.”
Ford survived for four years after the shooting. And in 2016, something miraculous began to happen. She began to respond to voices. She could shake her head yes or no, could squeeze her mom's hand, and could recognize the voices of her sisters. She was beginning to recover. But she struggled with respiratory problems, and ultimately, died at the age of 17. An autopsy will be performed to determine if her death was related to the shooting, and if it was, then the man who shot her — 17 at the time and sentenced to two years in prison — could have his charges upgraded to homicide.
Sadly, this is not an isolated incident. These tragedies play out every single day in inner-city communities, with innocent people being killed needlessly, and yet Black Lives Matter and Barack Obama never have a word to spare for people like Keoshia Ford.
STARKVILLE, Miss. — Quinndary Weatherspoon had a season-high 22 points and Mississippi State remained undefeated with a 95-62 victory Saturday over Division II North Georgia at Humphrey Coliseum.
Weatherspoon was 8 of 11 from the field and made all four of his 3 point attempts. Mississippi State (8-0) now is just one of seven undefeated teams in the Division I ranks.
“I've been confident all year,” Weatherspoon said. “They've just been going in and out. Tonight they finally fell and I hope that boosts me for the rest of the year. My teammates did a good job setting me up in a good position.”
Aric Holman had 13 points for the Bulldogs while Lamar Peters and KeyShawn Feazell each had 11. Peters also tied a career high with seven rebounds and had a game-high six assists. As a team, the Bulldogs blocked nine shots, including a career-best four blocks by freshman Abdul Ado.
Lanre Olatunji was the lone player in double digits for North Georgia (2-5) and he finished with 10 points.
“I thought our defence to start the game was very good, they struggled to score,” Mississippi State head coach Ben Howland said. “We really shared the ball well in the first half and did a good job making plays for each other.”
The Bulldogs led by as many as 38 points in the second half. For the game, Mississippi State shot 50 per cent from the field and made 13 of 30 shots beyond the arc. North Georgia shot just 38 per cent and had 16 turnovers. The Nighthawks also missed all five of their free-throw attempts.
Mississippi State grabbed control from the start and scored the first nine points. The Bulldogs led by as many as 31 points in the first half and settled into a 53-26 advantage at halftime.
In the first half, the Bulldogs shot 57 per cent from the floor and made 6 of 12 shots beyond the arc. North Georgia managed to shoot just 34 per cent before the break and also had eight turnovers.
BIG PICTURE
North Georgia: Saturday's game did not count on the official schedule for North Georgia and was considered an exhibition game.
Mississippi State: The Bulldogs' 8-0 start is the program's best since winning the first 13 games of the 2003-04 season.
UP NEXT
North Georgia continues its road schedule and will travel to Flagler College Dec. 16.
Mississippi State takes to the road for the first time this season to face Cincinnati on Tuesday.
Apr 24, 2018
FRANKFURT – When Emmanuel Macron was recently interviewed by two very aggressive journalists, the result was not exactly the “ideal speech situation” cherished by Jürgen Habermas, the towering German philosopher and great supporter of the French president. But, despite being repeatedly interrupted, Macron fared very well. Always concrete and willing, if necessary, to delve into the minutiae of an issue, Macron was clearly on top of his game. He needed no speaking notes, as he also admirably demonstrated in his speech condemning nationalism and populism at the European Parliament a few days later.
Exclusive insights. Every week. For less than $1. Learn More
His meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin that same week, however, was much different in both tone and substance. Most important, it demonstrated the limits of the méthode Macron: Seemingly compelling oratory does not necessarily translate into feasible policies.
Politics, at its core, reflects the interplay of interests at the national level. And that is precisely where Macron's ideas about re-designing Europe's institutional architecture arrive at an impasse. His proposals are too numerous and vague to judge, and they do not account for the state of debate at the national level, where skepticism is on the rise. Being positive about Europe comes at a cost.
For northern Europeans, two prospects raise particular concern: risk sharing (for example, in underwriting retail bank deposits) and a eurozone budget.
Of course, a fragmented banking system complicates a single monetary policy. Some academic economists, as well as the rare policymaker (such as the late Tommaso Padoa-Schioppa), called for centralized supervision of financial institutions long before the euro crisis erupted. At least in some respects, such “Europeanization” of supervision has been established, with the European Central Bank serving as the eurozone's banking watchdog and the Single Resolution Board dealing with vulnerable banks.
But guaranteeing retail deposits remains a task for the eurozone's individual member states. Hence, the quality of those guarantees varies, with some members vulnerable to bank runs. But in northern Europeans' (quite reasonable) view, insurance after an accident has occurred (think of non-performing loans) is a form of redistribution that shifts the burden to innocent bystanders (in this case, northern taxpayers). As German and Dutch officials, in particular, have argued, banks' financial health must be addressed before completion of European banking union can take place.
Europeanization of deposit insurance would also mean that eurozone member states would, if push came to shove, lose any authority over banking politics. A eurozone institution, democratically accountable, would have to be charged with this.
But it is in regard to the proposed eurozone budget that Macron's ideas are the least specific. And it is here where political resistance is the strongest – again, for reasons that are not difficult to understand.
A common eurozone budget has been presented as both a stabilizing mechanism and an investment tool. But, under normal circumstances, national public-sector budgets already perform the stabilizing role automatically – through unemployment insurance, progressive taxation, and the like – and this is a derived role, not the primary objective. What is needed is a security valve for eurozone countries that face temporary – and particularly difficult – challenges. And an investment budget has little to do with the purpose of a stabilizing mechanism: to cushion economic shocks.
So the substance of Macron's economic-policy suggestions is, frankly, confusing. And even if Merkel were to embrace them, she would be an easy target for political attack (and not just from the opposition Alternative für Deutschland, but also from within her Christian Democratic Union and its sister party, the Christian Social Union, not to mention the Social Democrats).
There is no avoiding the national political dimension in the EU, given that every leader needs to be elected, and that most want to be re-elected. Merkel's idea of establishing a eurozone super committee that would partly substitute for the Eurogroup of eurozone finance ministers – which Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte already proposed, to no avail – would complicate things even further.
Yes, such a committee would bring Merkel the added political benefit of constraining the influence of Social Democrat Olaf Scholz, her Vice-Chancellor and finance minister. But, in terms of substance, there was no need for her proposal. Scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze Null (balanced budget) of his predecessor, Wolfgang Schäuble. Given the German public's deep-rooted sentiment in favor of fiscal probity, anything else would have been politically self-defeating. Indeed, with even Macron pursuing it, the schwarze Null has come back with a vengeance. But that does not make it a less flimsy economic concept, one that cannot be found in any economics textbook.
This is the fundamental problem of the méthode Macron: his policy pronouncements – vague to the point of not being implementable – somehow lack the courage of his European convictions. Proposals by the French Treasury (from 2014!), for example, presented much more detailed policy options to achieve the ends that Macron appears to seek, as did proposals developed by Italian Finance Minister Pier Carlo Padoan in 2015.
Macron's method is also marked by a strong reliance on an intergovernmental approach, which most likely reflects his understanding of French voters' current mood. At least in this respect, the exchange between Macron and his two impertinent interlocutors last week was highly enlightening. The self-declared representatives of French society's deep frustration did not touch on European issues at all.
They did so for a reason. Many French do not hold “Europe” (meaning the European Commission in Brussels) in high standing, and, as the 2005 referendum on a European constitution showed, that has been true for some time. So any vote based on the ideas sketched in Macron's various speeches is unlikely to turn out favorably. In this context, Merkel's insistence on the need to amend the Treaty on the European Union – which would require referenda in the member states – to establish Macron's proposed European Monetary Fund is a barely hidden way of saying “Nein.”
Macron's commitment to disinterested dialogue, à la Habermas, is admirable. But unless and until he gets his hands as dirty with European politics as he seems willing to do for the sake of domestic French reforms, those dialogues will remain ephemeral, if not just plain hot air.
CALGARY, Alberta (AP) — An airline pilot is facing charges in Canada after police say he was found by his co-pilot passed out in the cockpit of a Boeing 737 before it was set to take off.
Calgary police say the gate crew as well as crewmembers on the aircraft indicated that Miroslav Gronych was behaving strangely ahead of his scheduled flight Saturday. Sgt. Paul Stacey says the co-pilot later found the 37-year-old captain “slumped over in the seat” of the airliner.
The pilot was escorted from the plane and charged with having a blood-alcohol level above .08 and controlling an aircraft while impaired. Police allege Gronych had three times the legal amount of alcohol in his system.
Sunwing Airlines calls it “a very unfortunate matter.”
The Mexico-bound plane later took off with another pilot.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Jonathan Stewart seems determined that nobody is going to write the epitaph on his NFL career just yet.
The Panthers 30-year-old running back and all-time leading rusher has played 129 games in his NFL career, but had never run for more than two touchdowns in a game.
That ended Sunday when Stewart matched his entire 2017 scoring production with TD runs of 60, 1 and 1 yards in Carolina's 31-24 win over the Minnesota Vikings.
“We didn't doubt him,” said Panthers coach Ron Rivera. “That's why we kept putting Jonathan out there. We believe in who he is, and he has been solid.”
Stewart's first score came on a 60-yard run on third-and-1 in the first quarter, which gave the Panthers an early lead. The Vikings had stacked the box against the Panthers' jumbo offensive set, and left guard Andrew Norwell pulled to make the key block to spring Stewart.
“You hope to just see a hole open because you just know there's no one else in the secondary,” said Stewart.
Stewart scored on a 1-yard run on the second play of the second quarter, and his over-the-top 1-yard score with 1:47 left was the difference. He finished with 103 yards on 16 carries for his second 100-yard performance of the season.
OLSEN MAKING PROGRESS: Three-time Pro Bowler Olsen said he had a goal when he played his second game since missing 10 weeks with a broken right foot.
“I wanted to be on the field in victory formation,” he said. “That means I played the whole game and we won.”
Olsen was only targeted once and did not make a reception, but he finished the game. He did leave the field briefly in the first half, after taking a hit on the right ankle.
“It felt good to get back out there, play a full game, kind of get my legs under me a little bit,” said Olsen. “It's been a while since I've played a good amount of stats.”
Panthers coach Ron Rivera said he wants to get Olsen more involved in the offence next week against Green Bay.
Center Ryan Kalil played the entire game for Carolina, the first time he has done that since Week 1 because of a lingering neck injury.
VIKINGS ACHILLES HEEL: The Vikings sacked Cam Newton eight times last season, but only got to him twice on Sunday. Newton said he tried to get the ball out faster this time around.
He also was a problem for the Vikings in the running game, picking up 75 yards — including a key 62-yard run to set up the go-ahead touchdown with 2:00 remaining.
Newton, who had a 69-yard run in Week 10, is the first quarterback in the Super Bowl era to have multiple 60-yard plus rushes in a single season.
The Vikings entered Sunday's game at Carolina holding opposing quarterbacks to 4.7 yards per carry. Drew Brees, Joe Flacco and Matt Ryan, though, don't exactly draw the same attention as Cam Newton, who has averaged 78 yards rushing in the past six games.
Minnesota won't face a running quarterback anywhere near the ilk of Newton the rest of the way: Cincinnati's Andy Dalton, Green Bay's Aaron Rodgers and Chicago's Mitch Trubisky.
THIELEN STILL HOT: It seems there is no stopping Adam Thielen. The Vikings wide receiver has averaged 105.3 yards receiving over the last six games, with four touchdowns during that span.
Minnesota's problem Sunday was its running backs never got on track against Carolina. They were held to 60 yards on 16 carries.
VIKINGS' OFFENSIVE LINE WOES: The Vikings' offensive line continues to struggle with injuries. Starting left tackle Riley Reiff left Sunday's game with an ankle injury and was replaced by Rashod Hill. Reiff had his foot in a boot after the game, but his long-term status is unknown.
The Vikings started the game without right tackle Mike Remmers and centre Pat Elflein because of injuries. The hope is that all three will be back for the playoffs.
TITLE MUST WAIT: The Vikings will have to wait another week for a chance to win their second division title in three years. Tight end Kyle Rudolph said that is not the goal. They're hoping to become the first team to play the Super Bowl in its own stadium.
“We're not satisfied with that, though,” Rudolph said. “Our goals and expectations have moved on. We want to make sure everyone has to come through U.S. Bank Stadium. We need to get this division wrapped up, but to do that, we have to play better.”
——
Stringers Eli Pachecho and Justin Parker contributed to this report.
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index edged higher in late-morning trading, helped by the financial and materials sectors, while U.S. stocks fell into the red.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 5.73 points to 15,557.79, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 35.56 points to 24,413.13. The S&P 500 index was down 3.23 points to 2,667.06 and the Nasdaq composite index was down 27.19 points to 7,101.41.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.96 cents US, up from an average value of 77.92 cents US on Monday.
NEW YORK (AP) — Steep drops in technology, industrial stocks pull Dow Jones industrial average down 600 points.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The heartbreaking story has been told of how a dog was abandoned in Bromley with a terrible leg injury, as the RSPCA has revealed shocking animal cruelty stats for London.
Leybourne Animal Centre are caring for Rodney who was left to die in Pope Road, Bromley.
The Saluki dog, which was originally called Pope, was found by a member of the public and was subsequently taken to the animal centre, where it was discovered he had a broken leg.
He was then transferred to RSPCA Putney Animal Hospital where vets operated on the broken leg and pinned it with metal plates.
(Image: RSPCA)
He was then taken in for foster care by a RSPCA chief inspector and is now at Leybourne Animal Centre looking for a new loving home.
RSPCA Leybourne manager Becca Williams said: "Rodney is an absolutely lovely dog, he is a big puppy.
"He is so friendly and loving, I know he will make a fantastic addition to a family out there.
"He's had a tough start in life so he really deserves to find a loving forever home."
Rodney will need a home which can support his needs as he continues to recover from his injuries.
(Image: RSPCA)
The statistics
The RSPCA was called out to a staggering 11,259 complaints of animal cruelty in Greater London in 2017, giving an average daily call out rate of around 30.
More than half this number were for incidents relating to dogs - and that figure was higher than the total amount of calls made to the RSPCA concerning all animals in Kent.
When comparing London to other parts of the country, the animal welfare charity described the capital as "the cruelest in the country".
Acting Superintendent Mark Miles, who is responsible for London and the south east region, said: “Our officers are stretched to the limits as we try to help all the suffering, sick and dying animals in Greater London.
“Even though I have been with the RSPCA for a very long time now, I am still shocked and saddened by the awful incidents of cruelty which our officers are dealing with day in and day out.
“The job of an RSPCA officer can be tough and emotionally very draining, but being able to rescue an animal from horrific neglect or brutal cruelty and know they are going to be given a second chance thanks to the tireless work of our staff and volunteers, is the reason we keep doing it.
“The work of the RSPCA family helps to transform the lives of thousands of animals in Greater London each year and we are so grateful to the public who report cruelty to us and continue to support our vital work.”
What does the RSPCA do?
In 2017, the RSPCA received more than a million calls to incidents of alleged animal cruelty across the country and investigated 141,760 complaints.
On 76,470 occasions, the charity issued advice an improvement notice. It also managed the prosecution of 696 people.
The charity's prosecution success rate was above 91% and it secured 1,492 convictions under the Animal Welfare Act and 602 orders disqualifying people from owning animals following prosecution for animal cruelty.
BlackBerry made a splash earlier this year with its keyboard-laden KeyOne Android smartphone. Rather than sticking to its niche, though, the Canadian company has made a normal-looking phone. Like last year's DTEK50 and DTEK60 , the new BlackBerry Motion doesn't have a physical keyboard, and there's not much that makes it stand out. That's a problem. When we reviewed the BlackBerry KeyOne , we argued the physical keyboard was just about the only reason to buy the phone. Now that it's gone in the Motion, is it worth buying a phone with mid-range specs and an almost 599 CAD (~$470) price tag? In our review, we found it's not. Here's why.
Rectangular slab, solid display
For smartphones with physical keyboards, BlackBerry has virtually zero competition in this niche market. There's nothing wrong if BlackBerry wants to make a fully-touchscreen mid-range phone, but the market is completely different. Competition in this price range is fierce, and budget phones are getting better every day.
We should note, BlackBerry doesn't manufacture its phones — it largely handles the software, but it works with TCL to build the hardware.
Christian de Looper/Digital Trends Christian de Looper/Digital Trends
Christian de Looper/Digital Trends Christian de Looper/Digital Trends
The Motion looks like every other smartphone on the market – a big rectangle with a big screen — but there are a few design choices that make this phone a tad unique. For starters, the top corners are much less rounded – kind of like a Sony Xperia device . The bottom corners are more rounded than the top, mimicking the style of the KeyOne. A home button sits at the bottom, doubling as a fingerprint sensor, and it's flanked by capacitive Android navigation buttons. The fingerprint sensor performs well enough in our tests, but you have to place your finger perfectly center, which can be a little annoying.
The BlackBerry Motion is well-built and sleek.
On the right edge of the Motion, you'll find a volume rocker, power button, and a “Convenience Key,” which acts as a programmable shortcut key. We've set it to activate Google Assistant, and it works just as advertised. You can set it to open your favorite app, or more.
On the bottom, a USB Type-C charging port is flanked by a headphone jack and speaker grill; and on the back is the single-lens camera that almost sits flush against the rear. The rubberized-texture of the Motion's back makes for slightly better grip, and we like the look and feel of it.
The 5.5-inch LCD screen doesn't follow the popular bezel-less trend we're seeing from other manufacturers, where the edges surrounding the screen are minimized so you get a larger display in a similar frame. Still, the 1,920 x 1,080 pixel resolution is sharp, and it gets bright enough to read in broad daylight, though we wouldn't mind a little more brightness. It did not, for example, get quite as bright as the 5.5-inch AMOLED display on the original Google Pixel XL.
BlackBerry Motion Compared To
The BlackBerry Motion is well-built, and while the chunky bezels on the front make it look dated, the rear is sleek. BlackBerry and TCL have managed to still give this phone a premium look and feel.
Solid (but expensive) performance
Under the hood, the BlackBerry Motion is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 625 processor, coupled with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. There is a MicroSD card slot, which is good for those who want a little more storage.
The BlackBerry Motion cannot compete with other phones in this price range when it comes to performance.
Those specs are perplexing and disappointing for a phone that costs almost $500. Why? The OnePlus 5T costs $500, packs the flagship Snapdragon 835 processor (the same chip that powers phones like the Samsung Galaxy Note 8), and has more RAM. The Essential Phone has the same 835 processors, and its price has jumped down below $500. Even the $350 HTC U11 Life has the better and newer Snapdragon 630 processor. The Snapdragon 625 processor in the Motion is the same processor powering the $230 Moto G5 Plus.
Regardless, in day-to-day use the Motion proved to be more than capable. The interface was smooth and responsive, and we rarely experienced stutters or pauses. We were even able to put it through some intense gaming with titles like Asphalt 8: Airborne, and while it did have the occasional stutter, it wasn't enough of a problem to affect gameplay.
Strange enough, the BlackBerry Motion refused to complete our GeekBench 4 benchmark tests – an issue that we've seen in other reviews too. Here are our results from a few other benchmark tools:
AnTuTu: 62,906
62,906 3D Mark SlingShot Extreme: 455
The BlackBerry Motion costs 600 CAD, which is around $470, so we're comparing it with phones in this price range. The phone is only available in Canada at the moment, but BlackBerry has plans to bring it to the U.S., which is why we're not sure about U.S. pricing just yet. The $500 OnePlus 5T scored a massive 180,588 on AnTuTu, which is almost three times the Motion's score. The Essential Phone scored 157,705, easily besting the Motion. If BlackBerry decides to lower the price in the U.S. to compare with similar-performing phones, then there's not as much of a gap. The HTC U11 Life costs $350, and it scored 71,397 on AnTuTu, which is still slightly better.
Christian de Looper/Digital Trends
The BlackBerry Motion cannot compete with the better $500 phones on the market when it comes to performance. That being said, we didn't run into a lot of issues in our day-to-day use with the Motion, so if you like everything else about the phone, you'll have a device that performs well enough for everyday tasks.
Android 7.1 Nougat, but timely security updates
The BlackBerry Motion doesn't run the latest version of Android, but don't think it's not as secure as phones running the new Android 8.1 Oreo. Despite running on Android 7.1 Nougat, our BlackBerry Motion has the most recent security patch from Google, reaffirming the company's commitment to security. It's makes BlackBerry standout, as it's one of the few manufacturers, alongside Google and its Pixel phones, that delivers timely security updates.
This phone easily lasts all day under normal use, and could last a second day too.
The software itself is relatively close to stock Android, though there are a few BlackBerry-specific features and apps. The keyboard's taptic feedback is satisfying, and it's smart too. Like the KeyOne, you can use flick typing for predictive suggestions. Instead of a bar at the top of the keyboard, words appear above letters and you'll swipe up to insert them into your text. It certainly makes typing fast.
The BlackBerry apps installed can be genuinely useful. BlackBerry Messenger will lure in BlackBerry veterans; Content Transfer helps you move files from your old phone; BlackBerry Hub lets you see all your notifications in one place; and DTEK monitors and maintains your phone's security to keep your data safe, like anti-virus software.
Slide the pull out tab from the right edge of the screen and you can quickly access tools like your calendar, recent messages, contacts, and tasks. We didn't use it much, but some may find it useful. It's akin to the Edge Panel on Samsung Galaxy phones.
We like BlackBerry's approach here with the software: It's relatively lightweight, with a few additions that some may find genuinely useful.
Average camera
The rear camera in the BlackBerry Motion has 12 megapixels and an f/2.0 aperture. Like with most budget phones, our biggest issues came from low-light photos. The camera produces slightly blurry — unless you try to stay very, very still — and there's a fair amount of grain.
In broad daylight, you'll mostly like what the Motion offers. There's a good amount of detail, and colors are fairly accurate. But dynamic range isn't great, which means some parts of photos came out overexposed and other parts underexposed. The sensor often has a hard time focusing on subjects – and we even had some photos taken in daylight come out blurry. The best part of the camera is there's very little shutter lag — tap the shutter icon, and the photo is captured relatively quickly, which is something that can't be said for many mid-range or budget phones.
The 8-megapixel selfie camera performed well, but it's nothing to write home about.
Battery life
There's an advantage to having a 1080p display and a lower-powered processor: Great battery life. The BlackBerry Motion packs a massive 4,000mAh battery, and it supports Qualcomm's Quick Charge 3.0 technology, so it charges quickly too.
The result? A phone that easily lasts all day or two under normal use. We took the phone off the charger at 9AM at 100 percent, and by 5PM, after a day of relatively heavy use, we still had a little more than 50 percent battery. That's not something you'll achieve on many other devices out there.
Warranty, pricing, and availability
Like most other phones on the market, the BlackBerry Motion offers a 12 month limited warranty. That covers manufacturer defects, so if you drop the phone and the screen cracks, don't expect BlackBerry to replace it for you.
The phone comes in at 599 CAD, which is equivalent to around $470. We'll have to wait and see how much the device costs in the U.S. once it launches, but it's priced at $515 on Amazon. Canadian customers can get the phone straight from BlackBerry's website.
Our Take
The BlackBerry Motion has performance that can get you through the day, stunning battery life, and top-notch security, but it's far too expensive.
Is there a better alternative?
Yes. If you're spending close to $500 on a phone, we recommend looking at the OnePlus 5T, which runs a near stock version of Android, has high-end performance, and a much better camera. The Essential Phone doesn't have as good of a camera, but it's a little cheaper than the Motion, and it excels in every other category — it even gets monthly security updates.
You can also look at the Nokia 6 if you want a device that gets timely security updates. For comparable battery life, take a look at the Moto Z2 Play.
How long will it last?
The BlackBerry Motion is well-built and should last a standard two-year upgrade cycle. It has IP67 water-resistance like most flagship smartphones, which means it can survive an accidental dunk in the pool.
It will receive Android 8.0 Oreo next year, but we're not sure if it will get any more version updates after that. It will likely get monthly security updates for two or three years.
Should you buy it?
No. It's tough to recommend the Motion because of the price. There are much more well-rounded smartphones in this price range, but we can't deny BlackBerry's efforts to keep the phone secure. If BlackBerry reduces the price of the Motion, we'll happily recommend it.
The majority of Americans who tuned in or followed news coverage of President Donald Trump's State of the Union address Tuesday night thought that the president hit the right notes, according to the results of an NBC News/Survey Monkey poll released Thursday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump's SOTU mentioned the economy a lot, but there's a catch? 11:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Four in 10 people surveyed watched Trump's address, which drew in roughly 45 million viewers. Twenty-nine percent didn't watch the speech but followed news coverage, and 30 percent did not watch the speech or follow news coverage.
Of the 69 percent of Americans who watched the speech or followed the coverage, the majority — 60 percent — said Trump mostly focused on the right things. However, roughly four in 10 people surveyed, or 38 percent, said Trump mostly focused on the wrong things. His speech — subdued in tone but featuring several of his more polarizing policy proposals — centered on immigration, infrastructure and economic progress under his watch, among other topics.
However, there was an enthusiasm split among those who watched or followed coverage of the speech.
Among those who said they watched or followed coverage of the address, 35 percent were enthusiastic about his address, and 21 percent were satisfied but not enthusiastic. Yet, 26 percent were dissatisfied but not angry and 16 percent were downright angry.
According to the survey, about four in 10 people who watched or followed coverage of the address said they give Trump a lot of credit for the improvements to the nation's economy during the past year, while 21 percent said they give him some credit. Two in 10 said they don't give him much credit and roughly the same percentage said they give him no credit at all.
Related: Trump claims his State of the Union was most watched ‘in history.' It wasn't.
Despite the majority of those who watched or followed coverage saying Trump focused on the right things, 45 percent of all adults surveyed said they would vote for the Democratic candidate if the 2018 midterm Congressional elections were being held today. About four in 10 adults, or 39 percent, said they would vote for the Republican candidate, and 12 percent said they would not vote.
The NBC News|SurveyMonkey poll was conducted from Jan. 30 to Feb. 1, 2018, among a national sample of 4,424 adults. Respondents for this nonprobability survey were selected from the nearly three million people who take surveys on the SurveyMonkey platform each day. Results have an error estimate of plus or minus 2.0 percentage points. For full results and methodology, click here.
In the never-ending pursuit of video capture at higher frame rates than ever before, the team at Vision Research has outdone itself with the latest camera in its Phantom lineup, the Phantom v2640.
The CMOS sensor inside the Phantom v2640 is only four megapixels. But what it lacks in resolution, it makes up for in just about every other category. At full resolution (2,048 x 1,952 pixels) it captures video at 6,600 frames per second (fps) and almost doubles that to 11,750fps at 1080p resolution. The dynamic range of the Phantom v2640 is also the highest in any Phantom camera to date, which is a critical feature considering how fast the minimum shutter speed of the Phantom v2640 is, at 142 nanoseconds. Yes, you read that right — nanoseconds.
Made with researchers, scientists, and engineers in mind, the Phantom v2640 comes in both color and monochrome models. The color model maxes out at 11,750fps, while the monochrome version can use a specialized mode to bump up the frame rate to 25,030fps, although that comes at the cost of resolution, dropping it down to just one megapixel.
As you would expect with so many frames, storage is a major factor in recording limits. It's for this reason Vision Research is offering the Phantom v2640 with up to 288GB of onboard memory. If more space is needed, it's also compatible with Vision Research's 1TB and 2TB CineMags. Offloading data is done using a 10Gb Ethernet connection.
As for design, the camera looks like most other Phantom cameras released by Vision Research. It features a block-like design with a basic handle and massive vents on both sides to keep the internals cool.
Pricing for the Phantom v2640 hasn't yet been announced, but it's safe to assume this beast won't come cheap. A recent predecessor of the Phantom v2640, the Phantom v2512, retailed for $110,000 at launch.
That said, if you have a hundred grand burning a hole in your pocket — or you just want to find out more specs of this thing — head on over to Vision Research's website where you can find out more information and detailed instructions on how to pre-order the Phantom v2640.
CHESTERFIELD, S.C. - A South Carolina sheriff says an 11-month-old girl whose disappearance prompted a brief Amber Alert has been found dead in a diaper box and the mother is in custody.
Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the child's mother, who had reported a kidnapping, was being held.
Brooks says the body was found in a field about 1,000 yards behind a home in Chesterfield in the state's north. Brooks says the child's mother initially reported someone attacked her and took the child from her arms as she checked the mail Tuesday afternoon.
Brooks says the Amber Alert was canceled "because we don't think there was a kidnapping."
He declined to identify the mother or give further specifics, saying the death was under investigation.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Over 20 million watched the whole of England's knockout round win, with the audience peaking just as England won their first ever World Cup penalty shootout
Over 20 million viewers tuned in to watch England's nerve-wracking, exhilarating World Cup 2018 win over Colombia on ITV.
Advertisement
The huge audience peaked at 23.6 million during the final moments as England secured their first ever World Cup victory on penalty shootouts, making it the most watched moment of TV since the London 2012 Olympic Closing Ceremony.
An average audience of 20.1 million watched the match on ITV according to industry viewing figures, with over 80 per cent of everybody watching TV at the time tuned in to the England game.
ITV claims that a further 3.3 million requests were made to watch the match online via ITV Hub.
The audience figure tops the previous World Cup audience peak of 18.5 million for England's final group game against Belgium.
England fans and pundits alike celebrated wildly after Eric Dier's penalty secured England's passage through to the quarter-finals.
On ITV, Ian Wright, Lee Dixon and Gary Neville embraced as the final penalty went in.
While the BBC's Gary Lineker celebrated the staggering numbers, pointing out that as the figures focus on viewers watching at home the overall audience could be far higher.
23.6 million watched last night's game on ITV. And that's just in homes. Can't imagine the real number. The country has got World Cup fever and it's glorious. Come on England. — Gary Lineker (@GaryLineker) July 4, 2018
Advertisement
England next play Sweden at 3pm on Saturday 7th July, with the match broadcast live on BBC1.
Sports News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-10-07
Ugandan international midfielder Tony Mawejje
Ugandan international midfielder Tony Mawejje has issued a warning to the Black Stars of Ghana ahead of their clash today (Saturday).
The Group E, 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifier between the two giants is set to get underway at Mandela National Stadium in Kampala.
Mawejje says he knows how to beat Ghana after playing against them more than four times.
Meanwhile, seven foreign-based players have joined the squad.
Among them is Isaac Isinde, Joseph Ochaya, Godfrey Walusimbi, Hassan Wasswa, Mawejje, Edrisa Lubega and Goefrey Serunkuma.
“I know how to beat Ghana because I have played more than four games against them,” said the FKF Tirana player.
“I am now rejuvenated and ready to give in all what I have to help Uganda get good results.”
The company made the announcement Monday as it marked the 4 millionth vehicle produced at the plant since it opened in 2003.
Spokeswoman Lloryn Love-Carter says about 250 workers will be redeployed from other areas to staff the second shift assembling NV vans. The Canton plant is the only plant worldwide that makes the large vans for Nissan. The Japanese automaker sold about 18,000 NV vans in the United States last year, according to company figures.
About 6,400 Nissan employees and contractors work at the Canton complex.
The plant is donating a NV van to a Canton soup kitchen, Our Daily Bread Ministries, to mark its 4 millionth vehicle.
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration said Wednesday that it would allow nearly 7,000 Syrians to remain in the United States for another 18 months but won't let more Syrian citizens apply for the special protection program.
The decision was a partial relief for aid organizations and advocates for displaced Syrians who had feared President Donald Trump might end the program entirely, forcing those in the U.S. to leave or face deportation. Yet those same groups blasted the president for excluding more recent arrivals to the U.S., pointing out that Syria remains devoid of any notion of stability or normalcy.
Under a humanitarian program known as "Temporary Protected Status," thousands of Syrians have been allowed to avoid returning to their war-torn country of origin. The current program has been set to expire on March 31, forcing Trump to decide whether to extend.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed War drives Syrian families underground, but tragedy still strikes 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen said "ongoing armed conflict and extraordinary conditions" justified giving those in the program another year and a half to remain in the U.S.
"After carefully considering conditions on the ground, I have determined that it is necessary to extend," Neilsen said.
Related: Bombings traumatize Syrian children, drive families underground
Only those who have been in the United States since Aug. 1, 2016, are eligible for that extension, disqualifying newer arrivals. Still, Neilsen said those who came to the U.S. more recently "may be eligible to seek other forms of immigration relief."
Syria remains entangled in a bloody civil war with no signs of near-term resolution. Although the Islamic State group has been squeezed from almost all of its former territory, armed opposition groups continue to fight with each other, with Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces and with extremist groups that still pose a threat across Syria. U.S. military forces are active both on the ground and in the skies. In areas liberated from IS, the U.S. has said much work is needed to restore basic services like water, sewage and electricity.
"We made a commitment to offer safety to these people in a time of crisis," said Lia Lindsey of the aid group Oxfam. "Syria, without a doubt, continues to be unsafe and unstable."
A Syrian man carries an injured woman following reported bombardment by Syrian and Russian forces in the rebel-held town of Hamouria, in the Eastern Ghouta, on Jan. 6. Abdulmonam Eassa / AFP - Getty Images
Rep. Bill Pascrell, D-N.J., who had urged Trump to both extend the protections and let new arrivals apply, called the move a "missed opportunity." He added that the decision was "just another cruel way to leave people in need of assistance out in the cold."
The decision will be felt hardest in California, Michigan and Texas, top destinations for the roughly 86,000 Syrians living in the United States. It follows a contentious debate within the Trump administration about whether to cut off the program, with immigration hardliners in the White House urging a total halt to the program while the State Department and many lawmakers argued for continuing it.
Related: ISIS still has up to 10,000 loyalists in Syria and Iraq, experts warn
Yet Trump has expressed frustration with the fact that under previous administrations, the United States has let foreigners stay long past when the natural disasters or other emergencies that necessitated the special protections were resolved. Nielsen has emphasized the protections should be temporary, and Trump advocates resettling Syrian refugees closer to home.
Since taking office, Trump has cut off the special protections for citizens of several countries, including El Salvador, and Haiti after determining that once-perilous conditions no longer preclude citizens from going home.
The U.S. created Temporary Protected Status in 1990 to provide a safe haven from countries affected by earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, war and other disasters, and it currently shields several hundred thousand people from 10 countries.
Spagat reported from San Diego. Associated Press writer Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
Saudi Arabia hails Turkey referendum ‘success'
Turkey's ally Saudi Arabia on Monday praised the “success” of a referendum giving President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers.
The cabinet, at its weekly meeting, voiced “congratulations to President Erdoğan of Turkey and the Turkish people on the success of the referendum regarding constitutional reforms,” the official Saudi Press Agency reported.
The cabinet said it hoped the vote would contribute to “more development success across the country”.
The “Yes” camp won more than 51 percent in Sunday's referendum while the “No” side got almost 49 percent, according to near-complete results released by Turkey's election authorities.
International observers said the referendum campaign was conducted on an “unlevel playing field,” while Erdoğan's opponents fear the result will hand him one-man rule.
Saudi Arabia and Turkey, two Sunni Muslim powers, have become increasingly close over the past year, sharing in particular a backing for the opposition in Syria's war.
Saudi King Salman hosted Erdoğan when he visited Riyadh to further strengthen ties in February.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Drag Queen Ada Vox was sent to the Top 10 on American Idol last night by the judges after viewers did not send Vox enough votes to make her an automatic advance. Vox therefore had to sing for her life.
But a show-stopping performance of “And I Am Telling You” from Dreamgirls had Katy Perry removing her earrings and putting her foot down.
Said Perry: “I don't know everything. I've got a lot to learn. But I have worked my butt off for over 10 years in the spotlight and these gentlemen on my side (pointing to Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan) – all of us collectively together – how many years would that be, maybe 60? Collectively? I think we do know talent when we see it. I would say that we would like to make an executive decision right now that Ada – (points over to where the top 10 are seated).”
And the audience, who had been chanting “a-DA, a-DA” heartily approved of the move.
Watch:
Perry later told reporters: “When the Ada moment came, it wasn't just one person's idea. We all looked at each other and we saw the math … excuse us, we're going to step in now. Were we allowed to do that? We found out we were. We messed up the timetable a bit, but you know what it was, we felt so strongly about it, we didn't have to wait for that vote. Enough was enough and you put your foot down when it's real. We stand for truth and for justice.”
Said Ada, in a comment on the YouTube video: “Hey, y'all!!! Firsrly, I wanted to start by saying that I love you all!!!
Secondly, I wanted to make note that I am aware of my much less than perfect vocal. Haha not only did my emotions run wild on me, but before the show, I had an allergic reaction to our lunch which made my tongue and throat swell up almost immediately. So that was fun… Lol
Thank you to everyone who did vote!!! If you want to see me continue on, make sure to vote next week! I promise it will be so much better!”
“I felt like I was being distracted because there were so many machines, and I was like, ‘Oh, I've got to go to this machine next, and this one, and this one,'” Bonomo tells Better. “You have to wait for machines when there's people using them and it just kind of interrupts your workout.”
In March, the Canadian started taking her dog on long hikes in a forest near her home. The excursions rekindled the love she had for nature as a child, she says, and also burned a lot of calories.
“I'd go for a hike and look at my Fitbit like, ‘Wow, I just burned like 400 calories on that 45-minute hike,'” she recalls.
She also enjoyed it.
“Instead of focusing on time and how hard I was working, I was working hard and enjoying myself while doing it, because I was in an environment that I felt comfortable in and somewhere I actually wanted to be,” she explained.
Then it occurred to her: “Why am I paying for a gym membership, dreading going to the gym when I can literally just step outside and go for a walk in the neighborhood?”
Hitting the trails
Bonomo began going for hikes on her lunch breaks. She says the parks near her job in Toronto had plenty of trails to explore. During the hikes, she would run for short, 30-second intervals. As she got used to it, she started running for longer durations.
“When you run outside — run in the forest — you're in different terrain,” Bonomo explains. “Having those different elevations, getting your heart rate up, getting it down when you're going down the hill, having those different terrains and having those difficulty levels keep switching was actually having me burn more calories than me going to the gym.”
“I remember running and feeling great and being like, ‘Wow, this is something I can do,' and coming back to work and feeling so attentive. A new clarity came over me,” she says.
She says running outside gave her a new sense of accomplishment.
“I find it's more of a motivation to be on an actual hill and run to the top of it rather than picturing a hill, putting your treadmill up to and incline of 8 or whatever and running for however long and bringing it back down,” she says.
Getting strong without the gym
Bonomo says she goes trail running three to four days a week, and does yoga and strength training on days when she doesn't run.
“I do all my workouts at home,” she says.
She does yoga in her backyard on weekends, she says, and follows strength training programs she finds online.
While Bonomo eats healthy for the most part and even meal preps, she doesn't follow a strict diet.
“Fridays are my cheat days,” she says.
Focus on lifestyle changes
The Canadian says she lost about 40 pounds since March. She attributes her success to making healthier lifestyle changes, rather than focusing on losing weight.
“It was only when I started to lose weight for the right reasons that it actually started to work,” says Bonomo.
She says the feeling of accomplishment from losing the weight is about “so much more than your dress size.”
“It's honestly this confidence in you that you sought out to do something and you were able to accomplish it,” Bonomo says. “So it feels magnificent.”
The benefits of taking your workout outside
Trade the treadmill for the trail: Taking your workout outdoors has some major benefits. Running or hiking on terrain as opposed to a treadmill, for example, offers new challenges, works different muscle groups and gives you a sense that you are going somewhere.
Find creative ways to get moving: You can get a great workout in your own backyard. YouTube and online blogs offer plenty of programs for yoga and strength training.
Start with just getting outdoors: A simple lifestyle change like getting outside more often can change your habits and help you get fit. Start with a walk around your neighborhood or a hike at a nearby nature preserve, and see where it takes you.
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio — Cavaliers point guard George Hill is questionable for Wednesday's crucial Game 5 against Indiana because of back spasms.
Hill has been dealing with back problems since the series opener when he was flattened by an illegal screen by Pacers forward Trevor Booker.
Cavs coach Tryonn Lue says Hill was limited to some shooting drills during Tuesday's practice and will start if he can play.
Jose Calderon started Game 4 at Indianapolis and scored five points in 19 minutes as the Cavs evened the series at 2-2. Cleveland is 24-9 when Calderon starts.
Hill is averaging 8.7 points and 1.7 assists in his first post-season with Cleveland, which acquired him at the trade deadline in February. He started 24 games during the season.
——
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Re: Knockdown power myths "Knock down power" is a Hollywood myth. Deer flipping over backwards and such is a physical reaction to the impact. Animals suddenly dropping like hit with lightning is a product of the central nervous system being interrupted. Sometimes a perfect lung shot will cause a "drt" result due to the impact being at the perfect moment to cause the blood pressure to spike and cause an effect like a massive stroke. We all really like it when this happens, but it should not be counted on with any chambering or bullet combo.
Bullets kill by tearing tissue in order to cause rapid blood loss which causes the central nervous system to shut down. So that physical knock down is not the effect of the bullet hitting with the force of a truck. If the bullet hit the target and bounced off like hitting a steel target thus "dumping" all of its energy, no big game animal would be knocked down. You could hit them harder with your fist.
Feenix is correct the 270cal is a fine performer. Pick the right bullet to go with the twist of the barrel and use it to distances that it is effective. That goes for all cartridges. There is no magic.
Steve
Advanced Technology
Simply Better
www.hammerbullets.com Hammer BulletsAdvanced TechnologySimply Better
To hunt... or not to hunt...? What a stupid question. __________________To hunt... or not to hunt...? What a stupid question.
NEW YORK — Baltimore linebacker Za'Darius Smith and Washington cornerback Bashaud Breeland have been fined $18,231 by the NFL for hits last weekend.
Smith was called for roughing the passer after hitting Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger in the Ravens' loss to the Steelers.
Breeland made a horsecollar tackle of Kansas City running back Kareem Hunt in the third quarter of the Redskins' loss to the Chiefs last Monday night.
Oakland punter Marquette King was docked $9,115 by the league after he threw a football at a Denver Broncos player following a failed fake punt. He was penalized 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Jacksonville linebacker Paul Posluszny was fined $9,115 for taunting Jets linebacker Dylan Donahue after Donahue got hurt during a punt when he hit the Jaguars veteran.
Philadelphia's Vinny Curry and Indianapolis' Jonathan Hankins were also fined $9,115 — both for unnecessary roughness.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Why it matters to you Palit has a more powerful GTX 1080 Ti solution which lets you have top-tier performance, with quiet operation and fancy lighting.
Palit uses an advanced air cooling system for its new GameRock GTX 1080 Ti graphics cards, having two pairs of fans spinning in opposite directions, which we're told, eliminates the vortex effect and provides a “high-centralized air volume” to aid cooling. The cards also come with factory overclocks and an option for RGB lighting.
With the Nvidia Titan Xp now the undisputed king of graphics cards, third-party manufacturers are doing their damnedest to differentiate their high-end offerings from the pack and bridge the gap in price between the 1080 Ti Founders Edition and the Xp. Palit's attempt is certainly different to look at and should offer impressive performance, too.
The GameRock GTX 1080 Ti comes in two guises, the standard version and the Premium edition. Both feature the extra large shroud and quad-fan configuration and have overclocked boost cores running at 1,632Mhz and 1,708Mhz, respectively. That's 50Mhz and 126MHz more than the Founders Edition.
They both feature the same 11GB of GDDR5X memory and require twin eight-pin PCIExpress power connectors to run. Each card can also be set to one of three different modes: OC, Gaming, and Silence, offering high performance, quiet power, and silent operation, respectively.
Other features include a 12+2 phase PWM, which gives reduced choke noise and electromagnetic interference (EMI) and a dual BIOS, so should your overclock go awry, the card isn't in danger of being bricked. Alongside the usual three DisplayPort and HDMI connector, Palit has added a DVI-D connector to the GameRock GTX 1080 Ti's.
The addition of RGB lighting will be a boon for those who like to color-code their system internals, too. Though for those who don't want it, it could be an added, unneeded expense.
We don't have any pricing or availability information as of yet, but finding these cards in the U.S. may prove near impossible anyway. As TechReport highlights, very few Palit branded GTX graphics cards are sold in America, with even big collective storefronts like Amazon offering only a handful of options for the brand.
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has pleaded guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer changed his plea Wednesday in Victoria provincial court on a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when he failed to return home after telling his family he was going out for a bike ride.
The investment dealer surrendered to police in April 2017 and his whereabouts before that period of time haven't been explained.
Soon after he disappeared, financial crime investigators began looking into Backer and the company My Financial Backer Corp. after his investors received letters that concerned them.
He was on the Canadian rowing team in the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympic Games.
The guilty plea was entered by defence lawyer Joven Narwal on behalf of Backer, a thin, bearded man who was dressed in a grey pinstripe suit.
Narwal said his client is extremely remorseful for his actions.
He said Backer, 55, has often expressed remorse in terms of an athlete letting down his team.
“Mr. Backer wants to express his deep remorse for his conduct through me,” Narwal said. “He does not wish to address the court. He's let down the people who cared most deeply for him.”‘
Backer never intended to defraud his investors, Narwal said.
“The investments, and let's say the optimism related to these investments, did not bear the fruit he was hoping for. And so loses occurred.”
After his disappearance, police in Port Angeles, Wash., said an officer who viewed video from a street security camera noted a man fitting Backer's description was aboard a ferry from Victoria, a 90-minute trip away.
Crown attorney John Neal told Judge Carmen Rogers he was seeking a 13-month jail sentence and three years' probation. He also wanted a no contact order for five people who lost money as a result of Backer's fraud.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's lawyer has repeatedly counselled him not to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite the president's ongoing anger at the attorney general's decision to recuse himself from the Russia probe.
Rudy Giuliani told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Trump has asked him multiple times, before and after the former New York City mayor joined the president's legal team last month, about whether Sessions should have been fired.
“I don't think the president should do it and I've told him so,” said Giuliani.
Giuliani said Trump consulted him last summer during the height of his rage about Sessions' recusal. More recently, he said, Trump has not actively considered firing Sessions, but has wondered if he made the right decision in not doing so previously.
“And when he asks ‘Should I have done that?' I say ‘No, the way it is now having worked out',” Giuliani said.
The former mayor added that he did not believe Trump would fire Sessions. The president's anger at Sessions, who was the first senator to endorse his fledgling presidential campaign and has remained a loyal supporter, comes from the attorney general's move last year to recuse himself from the probe, a move Sessions said was in line with Department of Justice guidelines but Trump believes birthed the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller that is imperiling his presidency.
Trump's anger remains unabated and he suggested on Twitter again Wednesday that he wishes he had never offered the job to Sessions. Giuliani stressed that Trump had every right — whether in person or on social media — to “express how he feels” about Sessions but suggested it was a distraction to his legal team's efforts to fight back against the ongoing investigation.
“Instead of talking about Sessions, we want to be talking about Comey and Mueller,” said Giuliani, invoking the former FBI director and the special counsel. “Public opinion is turning our way; we've had a great turnaround on this. We should be focused on that.”
Some in Trump's inner circle have advised him against firing the attorney general because it could further ratchet up the pressure in the probe as well as alienate a portion of the president's conservative base who have cheered Sessions' moves at the Justice Department. Moreover, a number of Sessions' former Republican colleagues in the Senate have suggested they would not hold confirmation hearings for a replacement attorney general.
The Vancouver Canucks enter 2017 riding a three-game winning streak. TCW previews and predicts the first week in the new year.
Maybe, just maybe, the Vancouver Canucks have turned a corner.
The month of December wasn't going very well for them. They had managed just a 3-7-1 record heading in the Christmas break. In their final game before the holidays, they looked tired and defeated as the Calgary Flames skated circles around them.
But then, coming out the break, something changed. Out of nowhere, they managed to win three straight games. Even better, each of those games was against a Pacific Division rival.
Suddenly, the team is getting contributions from throughout the lineup. Chris Tanev and Alexander Edler are back, and healthy. Jacob Markstrom and Ryan Miller have been phenomenal in the three games since Christmas. Henrik Sedin and Loui Eriksson each have two goals, while the line of Sven Baertschi, Bo Horvat and Alexandre Burrows has combined for eight points.
So long as the Canucks were unable to win more than a game at a time, the playoffs were a pipe dream. But three wins later, the playoffs are now within striking distance. Vancouver sits three points back of a wild card spot.
There is still a lot of ground to make up, but the Canucks have shown us in the last week that they do not plan on giving up on this season. Not just yet.
Let's take a look at the games on the schedule this week:
Monday, Jan. 2: Canucks vs. Colorado Avalanche
Things are not rosy in the Mile High City.
More from The Canuck Way
The Colorado Avalanche sit dead last in the NHL, and have lost eight of their last ten games. In their final three games before the new year, they allowed a total of 16 goals.
When last these two teams met, Vancouver gave themselves leads of 1-0 and 2-1, only to see the Avs tie the game both times. They sailed through overtime and into the shootout, where Markus Granlund scored the winner.
Jarome Iginla also scored in that game. The 39-year-old has now played over 1500 NHL games. He has nine points in 36 games so far this season.
Predictions
Alex Hoegler:
Colorado Avalanche 2 Vancouver Canucks 3
Colorado is one of the worst teams, and the Canucks are simply a better team.
Gerald Morton:
Colorado Avalanche 1 Vancouver Canucks 4
Colorado is terrible. My fondest desire is they continue to be terrible and panic trade one of their great young players. Certainly the Canucks can put together a package worth fifty cents on the dollar for Nathan MacKinnon when great player / terrible GM Joe Sakic does something dumb.
What does this have to do with the prediction? Not much. But, as said above, the Avs are awful.
Janik Beichler:
Colorado Avalanche 4 Vancouver Canucks 3
The Canucks can win three games in a row, but four seems like a stretch. Especially against what might be the worst team in the league — do the Canucks ever beat teams that are even worse than Vancouver?
Jeff Godley:
Colorado Avalanche 1 Vancouver Canucks 3
The Canucks have already beaten the Avalanche this season, and there's no reason they can't do it again.
Wednesday, Jan. 4: Canucks vs. Arizona Coyotes
The Arizona Coyotes are a work-in-progress.
They have plenty of young talent, and their future is clearly bright. Right now, however, the results are not their. The Coyotes sit second-last in the league — ahead of only the Avalanche — and have lost seven straight games.
Arizona is one of the youngest teams in the league, but they are led by a handful of veterans. Former Canuck Radim Vrbata leads them in points. Second in scoring is Swedish defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson. 40 year-old Shane Doan is their captain, and Mike Smith is having a solid year between the pipes.
Vancouver won both previous meetings with the Coyotes this season.
[embedded content]
Predictions
Alex:
Arizona Coyotes 4 Vancouver Canucks 3
Hard to see the hot-and-cold Canucks keeping a hot streak going
Gerald:
Arizona Coyotes 1 Vancouver Canucks 2
The Coyotes may have officially given up on the season already. Tankapalooza 2017 is proceeds at full pace in the desert. Only Mike Smith is preventing Arizona from getting blown out on a regular basis, which is why this will be close.
Janik:
Arizona Coyotes 1 Vancouver Canucks 2
Back on the winning track against the Coyotes. The ‘Yotes are like the Canucks — they're a bad team. But Vancouver is cooler than Arizona, so that's probably enough to beat them, right?
Jeff:
Arizona Coyotes 2 Vancouver Canucks 4
Vancouver has recent history on their side against Arizona. They'll parley that into their first five-game winning streak of the season.
Friday, Jan. 6: Canucks vs. Calgary Flames
The Flames have climbed back into a playoff spot after a successful December.
More from The Canuck Way
Calgary went 8-4-0 last month, thanks in large part to their special teams. They converted on 33.3% of their power plays, which was tops in the league for the month — better even than the red-hot Columbus Blue Jackets.
Their penalty kill was effective as well, killing at an 87.5% rate.
At one point, the Flames had climbed into the top three in the Pacific Division, before falling slightly into the first wild card spot.
Still, for a team that began the year 1-4-2, it's a remarkable turnaround, and something the Canucks hope to duplicate.
Predictions
Alex:
Calgary Flames 2 Vancouver Canucks 3
The Canucks will win in overtime. This seems like a trap game for the surging Flames, who usually have troubles leaving Vancouver with a W.
Gerald:
Calgary Flames 4 Vancouver Canucks 2
Why? Because three games in a row seems unlikely. Plus, Johnny Hockey is back and the Flames have a good young core, with two real stars emerging.
Janik:
Calgary Flames 3 Vancouver Canucks 1
Losses against the Flames are always tough, but they are realistic right now. The Flames have young stars like Sean Monahan and Johnny Gaudreau that the Canucks wish they had. Oh, and Calgary has Matthew Tkachuk (but he won't score).
Jeff:
Calgary Flames 3 Vancouver Canucks 4
The Canucks will avenge their pre-Christmas loss against Calgary, and extend their winning streak in the process.
Saturday, Jan. 7: Canucks at Calgary Flames
Earlier in the year, the core players in Calgary were underperforming, and the team suffered as a result.
No surprise, then, that the Flames' success in December came on the heels of some great individual performances.
Johnny Gaudreau was a force to be reckoned with, scoring 14 points in 11 games. He was also big reason for their dynamite power play; seven of his points came with the man advantage.
Mikael Backlund finished 2016 on a tear, scoring five goals and eight points in their final four games.
Want your voice heard? Join the The Canuck Way team!
Matthew Tkachuk (11 points), Sean Monahan (10 points), and Dougie Hamilton (nine points) also had an excellent December.
Finally, goaltender Brian Elliott looks as if he has fully recovered from his early season struggles. The 31-year-old goaltender carried a 2.09 goals-against and .919 save percentage in the final month of 2016.
With Chad Johnson stumbling in his last few games, Elliott might just regain the starter's job in Calgary.
[embedded content]
Predictions
Alex:
Vancouver Canucks 2 Calgary Flames 3
Sorry, but the Canucks aren't quite gifted enough to sweep the home-and-home.
Gerald:
Vancouver Canucks 2 Calgary Flames 3
Back to back wins, followed by back to back losses. Why? Mostly because symmetry is beautiful. And the Canucks still aren't good. If they can play .500 hockey until the end of the year we will all be lucky. A fully armed and operational Flames team will beat the Canucks often.
Janik:
Vancouver Canucks 4 Calgary Flames 1
After losing to the Flames at home, the Canucks find a way to win on the road. Why? Because they can. Bo Horvat scores twice and shows them how it's done. Most likely, anyway.
Jeff:
Vancouver Canucks 2 Calgary Flames 4
All good things must come to again. I predicted a six-game win streak for Vancouver. What more do you want?
This article originally appeared on
Dani Alves lauded Neymar's debut after the world's most expensive player marked his Paris Saint-Germain bow with a goal.
After completing a €222million move from Barcelona, Neymar's career at PSG got off to a stunning start as he scored and set up another in Sunday's 3-0 Ligue 1 win at Guingamp.
Neymar sent a delightful throughball to Edinson Cavani for PSG's second goal before the Brazil international tapped home into an empty net with eight minutes remaining.
Que Deus nos abençoe e nos proteja 🙏🏻⚽️ pic.twitter.com/ZfhUpRLEKm — Neymar Jr (@neymarjr) August 13, 2017
"I believe he showed why PSG wanted to sign him [Neymar], to be decisive as he was and help our team achieve good results," Alves said.
"He performed well, and all of us had great expectations about this match too. We wanted him to have his debut and help us, and no doubt we're stronger with him now.
"A player cannot rely only on his name to make a difference, but also has to work hard and make things happen on the pitch. And that's Neymar's differential, he's not only a global name, he deserves his greatness."
In a major shift, pharmaceutical giant Gilead Sciences will begin airing television ads for PrEP, its HIV prevention medication. The company said the ads, which will start in June and run through August, are “designed to encourage candid conversations around sexual health and promote public awareness of HIV prevention.”
PrEP, or pre-exposure prophylaxis, involves taking a daily pill to prevent HIV transmission. Major clinical trials have shown that PrEP — also known by its brand name, Truvada — is safe and effective at preventing HIV if taken daily. The pill is also recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for at-risk groups.
A still from Gilead Science's new advertisement for PrEP Gilead Science
Since the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Truvada for HIV prevention in 2012, Gilead has leaned on public health agencies to promote the drug. New York City has for years placed advertisements on subways and buses to promote PrEP, and the District of Columbia's health department aired its own racy HIV PrEP television ad earlier this year.
On paper, Gilead has spent paltry sums to promote Truvada — just several hundred thousand dollars per year in direct advertising, according to MM&M, versus more than $100 million to promote Hepatitis C drug Harvoni in 2017 alone. Gilead said it has granted more than $28 million to approximately 120 organizations since 2012 to support their efforts to promote PrEP, an average of less than $5 million a year.
The name of Gilead's new ad campaign is “Healthysexual,” and its first TV spot is a 30-second ad titled “Honestly.” Those featured in the ad include a gay couple, a transgender woman and young people of color — groups disproportionately affected by HIV.
“Honestly, we should have used a condom, but we got distracted,” a gay man says to his partner while in bed.
“Honestly, we've been together for a while, so getting tested never really crossed my mind,” a young black woman says to the camera.
The ad directs viewers to honestlyitstime.com, which then redirects to healthysexuals.com. The Gilead-run website provides a number of resources, including information about LGBTQ-friendly doctors who will prescribe PrEP and places to find free condoms.
The site's information about HIV prevention focuses on the most up-to-date recommendations, like accurately assessing your risk based on your sexual network and the ZIP code where you have sex.
“Some areas or communities have a higher concentration of HIV than others,” the site states. “That means if you're having sex in areas or networks where HIV is more common, the chances you might be exposed to HIV could be higher.”
Preventing HIV with PrEP is predicated on making sure the right people — those most at risk of acquiring HIV — take the prevention pill.
“When developing this campaign, it was important to us that the materials feature a diverse group of individuals who are representative of the communities most impacted by HIV, including young Black and Latino gay men, as well as cis-gender and transgender women,” Gilead said in a statement.
It's no coincidence, then, that those featured in the TV ad represent these high-risk groups.
“It's called realism,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Fauci leads the nation's public health response to HIV/AIDS and helped direct the response to the West African ebola outbreak.
“What I really liked about the ad is it didn't just say go get on PrEP; it said get tested,” he continued. “A, get tested. B, there are more options to protect yourself.”
The Healthysexual ad campaign quietly kicked off in 2016 on digital platforms like Tumblr and through direct-to-consumer print ads, according to Gilead. But the “Honestly” TV ad is its first foray into TV advertising for PrEP. While the “Honestly” ad does not specifically mention “Truvada” or “PrEP,” the company said another ad launching at the end of June will.
The Food and Drug Administration approved Truvada for HIV prevention in 2012. Justin Sullivan / Getty Images file
In March, the CDC released an analysis that found more than one million Americans could benefit from PrEP. Estimates released by Gilead earlier this month, however, indicate only 167,000 people in the U.S. are currently taking the daily pill.
“There are many many people who could benefit from PrEP, people who are in an at-risk situation, who are really not well informed about PrEP,” Fauci explained. He said he hopes the campaign lets more people know about their HIV-prevention options.
At more than $1,000 a month, PrEP is not cheap. However, the the pill is covered by most U.S. health plans, and there are a number of government and Gilead programs that help at-risk people access the drug.
Teva Pharmaceuticals successfully applied for a permit to manufacture generic Truvada last year, but it is unknown when the cheaper version will be available in the U.S.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
Uber keeps hitting speed bumps.
The ride-hailing company held an all-hands meeting on Tuesday morning in San Francisco to reflect on the company's tumultuous past few months and discuss the recommendations of an independent report on how to move forward.
But the day that was supposed to be about reflection and how to create "Uber 2.0" led to an uncomfortable moment that has now led to the resignation of Uber board member David Bonderman — after leaked audio from the meeting revealed he made inappropriate comments about women.
The audio, which was released by Yahoo Finance, captured the moment, less than seven minutes into the meeting, when fellow board member Arianna Huffington mentioned Uber was adding another woman, Nestle executive Wan Ling Martello, to the board.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Uber's Scandal-Plagued 2017, Explained 1:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"There's a lot of data that shows when there's one woman on the board, it's much more likely that there will be a second woman on the board," Huffington said in the recording.
"Actually what it shows is it's much likely to be more talking," the man, identified in the audio as Bonderman, said.
"Oh, come on, David," Huffington is quoted as saying, according to Yahoo.
Bonderman's remark created uproar at a time when the company is trying to repair its image after allegations of sexual harassment, workplace misconduct and leadership issues.
Related: Uber's CEO Is Taking an Indeterminate Leave of Absence
Although Bonderman apologized in a statement this afternoon, later in the day he released another statement saying he was quitting the company.
“Today at Uber's all-hands meeting, I directed a comment to my colleague and friend Arianna Huffington that was careless, inappropriate, and inexcusable. The comment came across in a way that was the opposite of what I intended, but I understand the destructive effect it had, and I take full responsibility for that," the statement read.
Bonderman went on to say his comments did not align with the “culture” the company is trying hard to work towards.
“I need to hold myself to the same standards that we're asking Uber to adopt. Therefore, I have decided to resign from Uber's board of directors, effective tomorrow morning. It has been an honor and a privilege to serve on Uber's board, and I look forward to seeing the company's progress and future success,” he wrote.
David Bonderman speaks during the 2016 Web Summit on November 8, 2016 in Lisbon. Horacio Villalobos / Corbis via Getty Images File
The leaked audio also included jokes about alcohol and admonishing employees for wanting to seek jobs elsewhere.
"Don't turn on the beer tap unless you turn on the food tap," Bonderman said, in reference to the fact the company's catered dinners will now be served earlier, making it easier for more people to attend.
Liane Hornsey, the HR Chief, had employee give each other hugs before she spoke. She then made jokes about employees taking shots every time she said the word “bloody."
Speaking about diversity and inclusion, she said, “We have just got to get seriously real. We have got to get real in a way that no bloody company has – oh sorry, I'm blind, I read yesterday that if I say bloody you all have to take a shot. So sorry, I just said bloody. Twice. So you can have two shots. But only after hours.”
Hornsey then addressed employees who might be seeking a job elsewhere.
"I know you are polishing your resumes. I know your LinkedIn profiles are getting a little more deep. And I know you're taking those calls. And I just want to say something to you. I don't know how any of you could think this is the moment to leave this company... put the bloody — bloody damn, put your resumes down, put the bloody phone down — that's four shots — on the recruiters, and join with me to make this company as great as it needs to be," she said.
The logo of the ride sharing service Uber is seen in front of its headquarters on Aug. 26, 2016 in San Francisco. Justin Sullivan / Getty Images, file
Uber is now looking to turn the page, instituting 13 pages of recommendations outlined by former attorney general Eric Holder and his Covington & Burling team.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who is also mourning the death of his mother in a boating accident, also announced on Tuesday he will take a leave of absence for an unspecified period of time.
When Kalanick returns, he's expected to have a diminished role, since one of the Holder report recommendations includes reallocating and sharing some of his duties with the senior management team.
The Wisconsin man who authorities say mailed a conspiracy-laced manifesto to President Donald Trump — and stole more than a dozen guns — lashed out during a court appearance on Monday, telling an official "I'm not your slave, man."
Joseph Jakubowski appeared in Rock County Court Monday afternoon where he clashed with a court commissioner while being read the felony state charges against him.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Joseph Jakubowski Makes First Court Appearance After Capture 0:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The 32-year-old suspect was captured Friday after a 10-day manhunt, following the April 4 robbery of the Armageddon Gun Shop in Janesville and the mailing of the 161-page anti-government manifesto to the White House.
Jakubowski sat alongside his defense attorney while appearing via videoconference in court on Monday, when court Commissioner Larry Barton informed him of the three charges against him, according to the Associated Press.
At one point, Jakubowski asked a question about one of the charges and Barton told him not to make statements.
Jakubowski then responded with, "I'm not your slave, man. You can't tell me what to do as a free individual, you can't tell me what to do."
Related: Wisconsin Fugitive Who Mailed Manifesto to Trump Is Caught
The suspect faces charges of burglary, felony theft and possession of burglarious tools.
Jakubowski's cash bond was set at $30,000, at $10,000 per count. He is also not allowed to have contact with the gun shop in Janesville that is accused of robbing, or its owner.
Jakubowski was found early Friday morning hiding under a tarp at a "primitive camp site" that he had set up on a farm in Vernon County, Wisconsin, police said.
He was apprehended without firing a shot and authorities confiscated four handguns, a long rifle, a samurai-type sword, a bulletproof vest, several boxes of ammunition, and a copy of his manifesto.
In this screen grab made from video, Joseph Jakubwoski appears in Rock County court in Janesville, Wis. on Monday, April 17, 2017. WMTV NBC 15
Police feared Jakubowski might have been planning an attack of some kind and more than 250 members of law enforcement along with the FBI and ATF had fanned out across the state in search of him.
His arrest came after property owner Jeffrey Gorn spotted him on Thursday night and alerted authorities, police said.
Related: Allegedly Armed Man Who Wrote to Trump Warned of System of Greed
The anti-government document authorities believe Jakubowski wrote said he was not afraid to die, and that if he was killed he wanted it to be at the hands of the president on live TV.
A version of that document was obtained by NBC affiliate WTMJ, where the author rallied against a system of greed that he said doomed the populace to slavery and destroyed his dreams.
WTMJ said a law enforcement official close to the investigation confirmed to them that the excerpt was an authentic portion of the letter, but that official could not confirm if the portion of the documents they obtained was the same version mailed to Trump. NBC News has not independently verified that document.
Jakubowski was already facing federal weapons charges for the gun store burglary, according to authorities, and appeared in court in Madison on Friday afternoon.
Capcom's Street Fighter series has a bit of a bizarre legacy. Though recent games like Super Street Fighter IV and Street Fighter V have drawn enormous audiences as part of the premier professional fighting game series, the company's back catalog of games has maintained a passionate fanbase as well. And for those looking to experience the history of Street Fighter for the very first time, you need not look further than the Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection.
Releasing in May 2018, Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection includes 12 of the series' games, including classics like Super Street Fighter II: Turbo and Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike. The full list is below.
Street Fighter
Street Fighter II
Street Fighter II: Champion Edition
Street Fighter II: Hyper Fighting
Super Street Fighter II
Super Street Fighter II: Turbo
Street Fighter Alpha
Street Fighter Alpha 2
Street Fighter Alpha 3
Street Fighter III
Street Fighter III: 2nd Impact
Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike
Of the 12 included games, four offers online play — Street Fighter II: Hyper Fighting, Super Street Fighter II: Turbo, Street Fighter Alpha 3, and Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike. In addition to leaderboards and the option to face an A.I. opponent while waiting to fight a player, the multiplayer modes will also feature “rewind” technology to allow for lower-latency matches.
Keeping with the system used by Nintendo's NES Classic and SNES Classic systems, the collection will also include save states for single-player modes, so you won't have to keep your console running at all hours of the day in order to preserve your progress. The collection also features a music player, as well as character biographies, an interactive timeline, and a museum with concept art and even pitch documents.
Additionally, Street Fighter V will be beefing up its roster with six more characters during “season 3” in 2018. These include new characters Falke and G alongside returning veterans Cody, Blanka, Sakura, and Sagat.
On Sunday night, December 10, Saul “MenaRD” Mena took home the top prize in the Street Fighter V Capcom Cup, held during the PlayStation Experience event. Mena had to defeat Hajime “Tokido” Taniguchi, who had previously won the Street Fighter V tournament at Evolution 2017. He was rewarded with $250,000 for his victory.
Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection will be available for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and PC. Street Fighter V is now available for PlayStation 4 and PC.
Transcript for Misty Copeland and Justin Peck on curating new 'Ballet Across America' series
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
EastEnders' Sharon Mitchell is still in the doghouse with husband Phil next week after her admission she took the money from Aidan Maguire's botched heist, putting most of Walford in danger in the process as they searched for the culprit who swiped the cash.
Advertisement
But has Phil got so angry he's driven to cheat on his wife?
Tension mounts between the Mitchells next Monday despite Sharon's attempts to put the Maguire madness behind them and move on. Confiding in best mate Michelle Fowler that her and Phil are having problems, without revealing the real reason why, Shaz thinks they're making progress when she visits Phil at the garage.
Hoping Phil will forgive her after she came clean, Sharon is in for a shock when she gets home later that day to find her fella entertaining a young woman – is Mr Mitchell having an affair as revenge for Sharon's betrayal? Has he planned for her to catch them in the act to maximise the hurt he can cause?
Or is there a plausible explanation as to why Phil is alone with a lady we've never seen before?
You can watch our exclusive review show A Week in Walford below.
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Substitute Sergio Aguero proved Manchester City's hero as they overcame Burnley in a tense 2-1 victory at the Etihad Stadium, despite playing almost an hour with 10 men.
The Argentinian striker - surprisingly dropped to the bench for City's second game in 48 hours after their 1-0 defeat to Liverpool - was introduced as a second-half replacement for Kelechi Iheanacho and subsequently proved the match-winner, after stand-in captain Fernandinho had been sent off.
The Brazilian jumped in with a two-footed scissor motion to challenge Johann Berg Gudmundsson in the 32nd minute and, despite appearing to get a touch on the ball, was shown a straight red by referee Lee Mason.
City kept their cool, though, and two goals in the space of four minutes from Gael Clichy and Aguero got their title bid back on track - much to the clear relief of Pep Guardiola.
2 - Man City have only kept a clean sheet in two of their 10 Premier League games at the Etihad Stadium this season. Issue. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 2, 2017
Burnley set up a tense finale when Ben Mee fired home after a goalmouth scramble, but City held on for a win that sends them up to third, though Arsenal and Tottenham could yet displace them when they play on Tuesday and Wednesday respectively.
Defeat at Anfield on Saturday had left City 10 points adrift of Premier League leaders Chelsea, meaning Guardiola's side could ill afford anything other than three points.
City controlled the first half but were wasteful for long spells.
Iheanacho - named ahead of Aguero after the Argentina man failed to touch the ball in the opposition penalty area against Liverpool - had an opportunity to repay Guardiola's faith in the seventh minute following an error from Mee, but Tom Heaton raced off his line to deny the striker and then Raheem Sterling on the follow-up.
Iheanacho had another attempt deflected wide before the busy Heaton got down to his left to turn a curling 18-yard effort from Yaya Toure behind.
1 - Sergio Aguero has scored his first Premier League goal as a substitute since August 2014 (vs Liverpool). Introduced. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 2, 2017
Jesus Navas, picked ahead of David Silva as one of four city changes, struggled to provide quality deliveries from the right and when one of his crosses ricocheted to the feet of Iheanacho, the Nigeria international was unable to get his shot away.
City's task was made harder when Mason judged Fernandinho's lunging, two-footed challenge on Gudmundsson to be worthy of a red card – the Brazilian's third in his last six outings in all competitions.
Guardiola urged the home faithful to get behind their team as he returned to the dugout for the second half, and he gave them something to cheer about when he replaced Iheanacho and Navas with Aguero and Silva.
City maintained a composed, measured approach and, after Stephen Ward had produced an excellent tackle to deny Aguero a glorious shooting opportunity, they finally made the breakthrough after 58 minutes.
Clichy shifted the ball away from Scott Arfield and drilled a brilliant right-footed finish across Heaton and into the bottom corner.
3 - Gael Clichy has scored just his 3rd Premier League goal in 311 games (2 for Man City, 1 for Arsenal). Rarity. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 2, 2017
Four minutes later, City doubled their lead. Heaton rushed out and blocked Sterling, who tripped as he looked to round the goalkeeper, but the loose ball was sent into the back of the net with the aid of the post from an acute angle by Aguero.
Burnley managed to pull one back with 20 minutes remaining when Claudio Bravo failed to deal with Michael Keane's near-post flick-on from a corner and Mee slammed home the rebound off the underside of the crossbar.
In the aftermath, Bacary Sagna was only shown a yellow card despite appearing to kick out at George Boyd as he attempted to take the ball back to the centre spot.
Substitute Sam Vokes' mishit volley was tipped behind by a backpedalling Bravo in stoppage time, as City saw out the win to spark animated celebrations on the bench from Guardiola at the final whistle.
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
SANDY, Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored his 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to his feet and he sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
EUGENE, Ore. — Sabrina Ionescu had 28 points and 11 assists to lead No. 6 Oregon to a 91-54 victory over No. 25 California on Friday night.
Ruthy Hebard added 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Ducks (21-3, 10-1 Pac-12), who have won 13 of their last 14 games. Ionescu's double-double was her 11th of the season and helped Oregon to its largest margin of victory in a conference game this season.
Jaelyn Brown led the Golden Bears (15-7, 6-5) with 14 points and Alaysia Styles added 12. Kristine Anigwe, California's leading scorer at 17.5 points per game, had just six to go with eight rebounds.
After a sluggish first quarter, Oregon pulled away with a 10-0 run in the second to take a 46-29 lead at the break. Ionescu had 15 points in the first half.
The Ducks dominated inside with a 40-28 rebound margin and 20-10 edge in second-chance points.
Ionescu was 9 of 13 from the field and 4 of 7 from 3-point range as Oregon finished 34 of 66 overall for 51.5 per cent. The Golden Bears shot 21 of 55 for 38.2 per cent.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon improved the nation's best home record to 14-0 after being bumped off the No. 4 line for the top seed in the Spokane Region by Notre Dame in Thursday's latest reveal by the NCAA selection committee. The Ducks are now fifth, with UConn, Mississippi State and Louisville holding the top three spots.
California, which is trying to reach the NCAA Tournament for the sixth time in Lindsay Gottlieb's seventh season as coach, is 0-7 against top 25 teams and 0-2 against the top 10. The Golden Bears face their eighth ranked team Sunday at Oregon State.
UP NEXT
California: Plays at No. 16 Oregon State on Sunday.
Oregon: Hosts No. 24 Stanford on Sunday.
A local family is hoping someone can give them information into who stole a very important toy this week. Police tell us that they're looking for an electric ride-on toy car, that belongs to a 10-year-old girl with cerebral palsy. The miniature black Escalade has become a means of transportation for the girl, for when shes outside with friends or family. Officers say a witness saw an adult man use a young boy to steal the toy car from outside the house on Bourbon Street Sunday night. They're looking for a white male with a medium build about 5'8. He was seen wearing a blue t-shirt that night, accompanied by a young boy, about 4-5 years old. Anyone with info is asked to contact Barrie Police at 705-725-7025.
Sheesh, that was scary. Requiem is a drama quite unlike any other – a missing child saga with a horror twist. It's a genre mash up that works very well, and will, I think, send a shiver up the spine of even the most fearless viewer.
Advertisement
Yes, for a stylish winter chiller look no further than the strange and bizarre life of Matilda Gray (Lydia Wilson), an accomplished cellist, boozer and smoker with an extremely rickety private life. But waking up to find inappropriate strangers cooking semi-naked in her kitchen isn't actually the source of her problems. Her woes really start when she is about to go on stage at the Royal Festival Hall and her mother Janice (Joanna Scanlan) appears at the stage door in what seems like a trance.
Matilda is spooked enough to follow her normally garrulous Ma (who has been stunned into silence) before the pair end up in an underground car park where Janice slits her own throat. Yes, right in front of her daughter, she takes a carving knife out and slashes her jugular in one clean motion.
It's a grim watch, made all the more unpleasant by the sound effects – chilling whispers and eerie music.
It's called Requiem, the name for the Church's Mass for the dead, and Matilda is a musician specialising in that most mournful of instruments, the cello. This show seems to be some kind of hymn to the underworld, the deceased, the forgotten, those who are driven to the abyss. Though quite exactly what's going on is still a total mystery to me after episode one. I have no idea, not even approximate guesswork, about where precisely this drama is headed, which is usually a good sign. All I can say is that it's as intriguing as it is eerie.
Anyway, this opening horror seems to lead back to remote Wales and a small village community coping with its own bereavement – the mysterious disappearance of a young girl called Carys.
Matilda, her face swollen and raw with grief, finds a box in her mother's possessions which leads her to travel there – accompanied by her friend Hal (Joel Fine) who seems to be very obviously in love with her.
At this point, we have already seen an elderly man called Ewan Dean, the owner of a large and spooky house, jump off the roof having been driven to this desperate act by the same horrible, whispering demonic force we hear when Janice is driven to self-slaughter.
The house has been bequeathed to an Aussie bloke called Nick Dean, the dashing great nephew of Ewan who makes puppy eyes at Matilda. There is a rather racy scene in which he clearly intends a double meaning in a line directed surely at her: “I could really use a ride”.
But laughs like this are inevitably a bit thin on the ground and our main protagonists all have bigger fish to fry, bigger demons (if that's what they are) to conquer.
So what the hell is that horrible sounding thing that seems to appear in mirrors – and has so far driven two people to kill themselves? Does that selfsame household the key to the mysterious deaths – and Carys's disappearance?
How does Matilda's possessed Mum know where to find her? Is Matilda the victim – or some kind of perpetrator? Is Matilda in fact Carys, the missing girl?
All will resolve itself over the course of the next five episodes, of course, all of which are now available on iPlayer.
The only thing I can say for sure at this point is that episode one is rather frightening. And that it will probably get a lot scarier as we go on.
Advertisement
Requiem is on BBC1 on Friday nights with the whole series now available on the BBC iPlayer
AMES, Iowa — Iowa State guard Lindell Wigginton says he is withdrawing from consideration for the NBA Draft and returning to school for his sophomore season.
The native of Dartmouth, N.S., who averaged 16.7 points and 2.8 assists a game as a freshman, announced his plans on Wednesday.
Wigginton and fellow newcomer Cameron Lard gave the Cyclones a pair of young cornerstone players in what was a rebuilding season a year ago. Wigginton broke Iowa State's record for points by a freshman, topping 20 on 13 different occasions.
Though Wigginton had a strong initial season in Ames, he wasn't expected to get drafted — especially after playing mostly at shooting guard despite standing just six-foot-two.
Frank Lampard has hailed outgoing Chelsea captain John Terry as the greatest defender in Premier League history and the "last man standing of an incredible era" at Stamford Bridge.
Terry announced on Monday that he would leave Chelsea when his contract expires at the end of this season, ending a celebrated career-long association with the club.
The 36-year-old has been reduced to a bit-part role under Antonio Conte this season but, alongside Lampard, he was the fulcrum of teams that collected the Premier League title in 2004-05, 2005-06 and 2009-10.
A fourth top-flight crown followed in 2014-15 and Terry has also won five FA Cups, three EFL Cups, the Champions League and the Europa League.
Lampard, who went on to brief spells with Manchester City and MLS side New York City after leaving Chelsea, announced his retirement earlier this year.
In an Instagram post dedicated to Terry, he wrote: "The last man standing of an incredible era for Chelsea. What a pleasure to play with the greatest defender in Premier League history.
"In fact, I'd put him up with any defender in world football of any era. He led the club both on and off the pitch from the moment he made his debut. He set standards for everyone, whether it was demanding excellence in training, fighting for every win or respecting how fortunate we were to play for such a great club.
"He was, and is, a legend, not just for his talent but just as much for his desire to get the best out of himself and others around him. That's what made him the most successful captain in the club's history.
"Off the pitch a great friend, to not just me but so many at the club and outside of it. The countless things I've seen JT do to help people outside of the game, things that not many sees, are what defines him as a man."
Chelsea is four points clear of Tottenham at the top of the Premier League, who they face in the semi-finals of the FA Cup on Saturday, and Lampard wants to see his old friend round off his Stamford Bridge career in a blaze of glory.
He added: "You deserve every accolade you get over the next weeks and beyond and I hope you get what you deserve and lift two massive trophies at the end of the season (just to add to the tally).
"Whatever you do next I know everyone will respect your decision and I know that the Chels will always be your club. Absolute respect."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One lucky EuroMillions player who bought their ticket in Bromley is now a millionaire - but they don't even realise it yet.
The National Lottery has confirmed a winning EuroMillions UK Millionaire Maker ticket for Friday, June 15, 2018, was bought in Bromley and the £1million prize is yet to be claimed.
The search is now on to find the owner of the winning ticket.
For every EuroMillions line played, UK players automatically receive a EuroMillions Millionaire Maker code printed on their ticket.
The winning code on June 15 for this prize was VBKQ 54488 and the lucky ticket holder has until December 12, 2018, to claim their winnings.
Anyone not in possession of their ticket, for whatever reason, but who believes they have a genuine claim can still make a claim in writing to Camelot - but it must be within 30 days of the draw.
If no-one comes forward with the winning ticket before the prize claim deadline, then the prize money, plus all the interest it has generated, will go to help National Lottery-funded projects across the UK.
Andy Carter, senior winners' advisor at The National Lottery, said: “We're desperate to find this mystery ticket holder and unite them with their winnings, this amazing prize could really make a huge difference to somebody's life.
“We're urging everyone who bought a ticket in this area to check their old EuroMillions tickets again or look anywhere a missing ticket could be hiding, so that this prize can turn someone into the newest member of the lottery millionaire club.
“Try checking in the pockets of clothing, in wallets, bags and down the back of the sofa. We have the champagne on ice and our fingers crossed that the lucky winner comes forward to claim their win.”
With all National Lottery draws, players have 180 days from the day of the draw to claim their prize if they have the winning ticket.
Anyone who has any queries or who believes they have the winning ticket for any of the National Lottery draws within the 180-day deadline should call the National Lottery Line on 0333 234 5050 or email help@national-lottery.co.uk
Where do I begin?
Today I had a false start with my sketch. My first attempt was a street scene, slightly to the left of the scene I eventually drew (below), but it turned out to be a boring composition without focus. That happens sometimes when I'm rushed for time, and maybe it does for you too. You're excited to start and you leap in with little planning, only to find out that your scene has no interest.
So I turned the page and started again.
This time I spent a bit of time thinking about what I was doing, and realized that the most beautiful thing about the scene was the bright sunlight on the propane tanks, so that was where I started my drawing. By shifting the composition away from the street and making the tanks, the concrete block and the yellow wall my focus, suddenly the composition was full of interesting details both for drawing and for painting — the texture of the yellow wall, the calligraphy of the fire escape and most of all the pattern of strong shadows.
Sketched in a limited palette of Hansa Yellow, Ultramarine Blue and Quinacridone Rose, in about an hour (not including the false start), on my way to school.
Statistical Information provided by STATS
© 2016 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy.
WASHINGTON — A pro-Bernie Sanders group has canceled an anti-Hillary Clinton protest, its organizer told NBC News on Monday.
The event, created by the leader of a local chapter of Our Revolution, prompted backlash from Clinton allies, leading Sanders' top adviser to condemn it and disassociate his boss from the group, which grew out of Sanders presidential campaign.
The episode shows that, two years later, Democrats still can't quite shake the ghost of 2016 and the hard-fought presidential primary between Clinton and Sanders, the independent senator from Vermont. And it's another demonstration of the challenges Sanders faces in leading a movement that acts in his name but is often beyond his control — even as he reportedly prepares for a second presidential bid in 2020.
Ellen Faden said she had no idea her protest would cause such an uproar.
The founder of the Hazlet, New Jersey, chapter of Our Revolution objected to the fact that Rutgers University is paying Clinton $25,000 for an upcoming speech, so she thought she'd use the event to make a point about money in politics.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 2020 Watch: Democrats (and some Republicans) lay the groundwork for a presidential run 9:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Faden had organized a similar demonstration outside a Bill Clinton event in California, where she used to live, that drew little attention and attracted only about a dozen participants. So she expected similarly low turnout when she posted an event listing on Our Revolution's website inviting people to protest Clinton's Rutgers speech on March 29.
“When I put it up, nothing happened for about a week or more. And then all of a sudden, I got one comment, and then it was like hundreds of comments," Faden said. “It did absolutely touch a sore spot with us, with Democrats, because I do consider myself a Democrat."
Over the weekend, the event caught fire on Twitter among Clinton and Sanders supporters, who still regularly duke it out on social media.
To Clinton allies, like her former spokesperson, Philippe Reines, who played Donald Trump in her debate prep sessions, it was evidence that Sanders and his supporters are obsessed with tearing Clinton down and dividing the party, even when it seems to play right into Trump's hands.
Bernie & donald sitting in a tree, o b s e s s i n g.
Both pro-Russia.
Both pro-guns.
Both pro-faking party affiliation.
Both pro-whining “Rigged!”
Both pro-forgetting they lost by 6,576,985 votes.
Both anti-HRC.
Both on a 3rd party ticket: Trump-Sanders 2016 & 2020 https://t.co/KOFhiFaVzr — Philippe Reines (@PhilippeReines) March 19, 2018
Democrats of all stripes called on Our Revolution to remove the event from the group's national website, saying progressives should be focused on fighting Republicans, not each other.
The event listing remained online, but a disclaimer was appended reading: “Events are created by local grass-roots organizers and are not necessarily endorsed by Our Revolution National."
In the past, Clinton has donated honorariums from public universities to charity, including the Clinton Foundation. A spokesperson for Clinton confirmed Monday that she will donate the honorarium for the Rutgers speech, as well.
Late Sunday night, Sanders' former campaign manager and current senior adviser, Jeff Weaver, entered the fray to make it clear that Sanders himself did not condone the event.
“Our Revolution and Senator Sanders operate independently. Our Revolution has autonomous chapters all across the country," Weaver said in a statement. "That being said, this is no time to be protesting Hillary Clinton or any Democrat."
On Monday morning, Our Revolution's high command called Faden, who then told NBC News she would cancel the event and was working to remove it from the website and Facebook.
"I'm still going to go myself, just as a private citizen, but with nothing whatsoever to do with Our Revolution," she said. "I don't want to jeopardize anything with Our Revolution. I really didn't expect this to happen."
In a statement, Our Revolution President Nina Turner said the organization did not endorse the event, but that the decision to cancel it did not come from on high.
"The Rutgers protest of Secretary Clinton was created by one local group, not an event endorsed by the national organization or myself," Turner said. "With almost 600 local groups, Our Revolution encourages a wide range of opinions and respects everyone's right to peaceful protest. This group has decided, on their own, to cancel this event. We are open to working with individuals and groups who believe in the founding principals of our Revolution."
It's not the first time Sanders has had to publicly distance himself from his own group.
Our Revolution, which shares its name with Sanders' book, spun directly out of his presidential campaign. Weaver initially helmed the organization before turning it over to Turner, a former Ohio state senator, and other Sanders surrogates.
But campaign finance rules prohibit Sanders from exerting much influence over the group, which prides itself on bottom-up decision-making driven by grass-roots activists, who often chafe at pressure from above.
Both Sanders and Our Revolution benefit from their perceived association, so neither is exactly keen to advertise their independence. But the status has created awkward situations where Sanders and Our Revolution have diverged.
For instance, last month, Sanders was compelled to put out a statement breaking from Our Revolution after they endorsed former congressman Dennis Kucinich in the Ohio governor's race.
"Our Revolution is doing a great job, but I am not involved with it, and it would be illegal for me to be involved. Let me be very clear: Bernie Sanders will make endorsements, and Our Revolution will make endorsements," Sanders said. "I've known Dennis Kucinich forever. I consider him a friend. But I am not making an endorsement there."
It's a similar situation to the one his fellow Vermonter, Howard Dean, found himself him in when the group that grew out of his 2004 presidential campaign, Democracy for America, endorsed Sanders while Dean himself backed Clinton.
But as the 2018 midterms heat up, tensions may only become more apparent as Our Revolution and Sanders make more endorsements in competitive Democratic primaries across the country.
LONDON — Just days before a crucial deadline in Brexit negotiations, British Prime Minister Theresa May is facing what some analysts say is an unsolvable problem that endangers her government and grip on power.
The U.K. last year voted to leave the European Union and is now locked in complex talks with the 27 other members of the bloc about how this divorce will work.
The entire process has divided the country, with bitter discord between anti-Brexit "remainers," including many who say the task is impossible and allege the British negotiators are incompetent, and "leavers," who accuse these naysayers of unpatriotic pessimism. Brexit is due to occur in March 2019.
A key issue that has been bubbling under the surface for months threatened to boil over this week.
A boardwalk leading to the mountaintop border with the Irish Republic near Florencecourt, Northern Ireland. Clodagh Kilcoyne / Reuters
How Brexit affects the 310-mile border between Northern Ireland, which is part of the U.K., and the Irish Republic, which is not, has seen May pulled in several directions by different allies. It appears she can't please all of them, but if any of these players are not satisfied then it could have fatal consequences for her government.
"It's a perfect storm," according to Anand Menon, the director of U.K. in a Changing E.U., a research group based at King's College London.
May's Conservatives do not have a majority of lawmakers in the British Parliament. She relies on support from a Northern Irish political party to prop up her government and keep her as prime minister.
Her underlying problem is this: Where should the border between a post-Brexit U.K. and the E.U. lie? The British government wants different rules than the E.U. on the free movement of goods and people, and that would require some form of checkpoint.
Between the U.K. and the European continent, the answer is easy: The English Channel provides a distinct, watery boundary separating Britain from France, the Netherlands and Belgium, and beyond them Germany, Spain and Italy.
Related: Professionals wave goodbye to U.K., head to Europe
But elsewhere things get tricky fast.
Northern Ireland is set to leave the E.U. but the Irish Republic is staying put in the bloc. Their border is currently all but invisible.
British and Irish officials say they don't want this to turn into a so-called "hard border" because they fear a return to the sectarian violence known at "The Troubles" that plagued the region during much of the 20th century. It would also mean untangling the pair's shared rules on everything from healthcare to transport.
So if the prime minister can't make the Irish border her boundary with the E.U., could she put the border somewhere else?
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Brexit Threatens to Shatter Northern Ireland's Fragile Peace 6:05 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
This question is one of the key areas where Europe is demanding "sufficient progress" before it allows negotiators to move onto the next stage in the talks.
May was hoping to show she had achieved this goal before E.U. leaders met for a crucial summit next week. One senior E.U. diplomat told Reuters it was the "deadline of deadlines."
On Monday, a draft proposal was leaked suggesting that the Irish problem could be solved by giving Northern Ireland special status with its southern neighbor.
This caused an uproar, because May's power depends on a relatively small group of lawmakers from the Democratic Unionist Party, a right-wing Northern Irish party more commonly known as the DUP.
May lost so much power during elections in June that she needs to keep the DUP happy to help her pass laws and ultimately hold onto power.
Related: Fruit left to rot as Brexit squeezes seasonal labor
These DUP kingmakers stand against same-sex marriage and oppose lifting the near-total ban on abortion in Northern Ireland, but more than anything they oppose all that would weaken the bond between their province and the rest of the U.K. — the clue is in their "Unionist" name.
Special status for Northern Ireland would mean different regulations there and the creation of some sort of border between itself and the rest of the U.K. This is not an option for the unionists.
"Once we saw the text, we knew it was not going to be acceptable," DUP leader Arlene Foster told Irish broadcaster RTE on Tuesday after the proposal was leaked. She described the news as a "big shock."
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May Kirsty Wigglesworth / AP
Not only did talks between May and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker break down Monday, but the reported offer to Northern Ireland also caused something of a domino effect in other regions of the U.K.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones and London Mayor Sadiq Khan all asked in effect: "If Northern Ireland gets special status, why can't we?"
The Scottish issue is of particular concern to some because if that region felt it was being short-changed, this might embolden supporters of its independence to push again for a new vote to split from the rest of the U.K.
Charles Grant, director of the Centre for European Reform think tank, said May is facing a balancing act that has "the potential to be very destabilizing far beyond the Brexit talks.”
He added: "All prime ministers need authority to do their jobs and people need to be a bit scared of them. If Theresa May cannot get the DUP to agree to the deal then people will start to mock her and her authority will evaporate.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Brexit impact assessments do not exist, minister admits 0:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The issue of Europe has been a thorn in the side of May's Conservative Party for decades.
Some Brexiteers will accept nothing less than what is known as a “hard Brexit” — that is, exiting the bloc's single market, which guarantees free movement of goods and people, and the customs union. It's not clear what a special arrangement for some or all of the U.K. would look like, but a so-called "soft Brexit" retaining some of the status quo could be interpreted as a betrayal of those values.
Just as she needs the DUP, May relies on these Conservative lawmakers to keep her grip on power.
A mutiny by just a half a dozen of her Conservative colleagues would represent the first step toward May being ousted or perhaps another general election.
An E.U. supporter protests against Brexit near the Houses of Parliament in London on Tuesday. Matt Dunham / AP
"The reason no one has come up with a solution to the Irish question is because there isn't one, quite frankly," Menon said.
Grant agrees that there's no way to please all the parties based on their current positions. In the short term, one way out of the Irish quandary, according to him, would be to come up with vague wording that “means all things to all people."
Then in the long run the U.K. could grant Northern Ireland the same rules as the Irish Republic in certain areas, such as agriculture, but maintain a hard border on everything else. This is something the DUP and other parties might accept, Grant said.
A Marshfield High School student said Andres had New Year's Eve party where he served alcohol to minors and touched a girl inappropriately.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
The judges and Ant and Dec are moved to tears by the incredibly moving audition from young dance group RISE
When 13-year-old Hollie Booth performs for Britain's Got Talent as part of dance group RISE, it leaves everyone in tears.
Advertisement
It's a moment that's described by Alesha Dixon as being “bigger than the show”, and she's not wrong. The judges and Ant and Dec are left holding back tears after the girls' audition.
Hollie was caught up in the Manchester Arena bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in May 2017, and her mum Claire speaks incredibly movingly on BGT about the day that she, her daughter and Hollie's aunt Kelly Brewster went to see Ariana Grande.
“I bought Hollie tickets for her birthday as a surprise,” explains Claire on ITV. “We'd seen Ariana Grande before and she was really good. Me, Hollie and Hollie's aunt Kelly were going – it was just an amazing, happy day that just ended so badly.
“We'd just got up to leave and as we got into the foyer that's when the bomb went off,” Claire adds, explaining how it took 23 hours to find out that Kelly had died at the scene. She was one of the 22 people who were killed in the attack.
Hollie, meanwhile, broke her right knee and left foot, and has been left with nerve damage. “She can't walk on her left leg without wearing a splint,” says Claire. “She's had 11 operations so far. She's got more to come and she fights every single day and she takes my breath away every single time.”
She performs in a wheelchair, and in a mark of solidarity all members of the group incorporate wheelchairs into their routine, set to a medley of Ariana Grande songs.
Even before Hollie and RISE begin their audition in Manchester, Hollie is seen fighting back tears as she says that it was “always difficult” coming back to the city. She also said adds that being on stage at the theatre was the first time since the attack that she had been in a venue similar to an arena.
“A couple of days after it happened I was saying, ‘When can I go back to dancing?'” she says. “I was even saying it to my doctors and they didn't know if I could or when I'd come back.”
Meanwhile her mum says that it “means so much” seeing the smile on her daughter's face when she's dancing. “She's an inspiration to me and to everyone that comes across her.”
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent continues Saturdays on ITV
Did you spot the stagehand who made an unexpected cameo in the BGT semi-final?
Spare a thought for the poor Britain's Got Talent stagehand who accidentally starred in Wednesday night's semi-final.
Advertisement
As kids magical dance group Acrocadabra finished their routine with a flourish, pulling a cloth off a box to reveal that the boy inside had magically disappeared, they also inadvertently revealed a member of the ITV show's production team half-crouched behind the prop – with a look of shock on his face.
The dancers from Birmingham had been performing a dance and acrobatics routine with added magic tricks, to the Little Mix song Black Magic. Unfortunately they couldn't make the stage hand disappear in time…
Did anyone else see the random bald man appear behind the glass box on that dance act on BGT??? He just froze and posed as if he wasn't there… 😂😂 #BGT — Danny Tyler Waring (@Dannywaring123) May 30, 2018
I don't think that stage crewman was meant to be there. Mouthing the words “what the f***” when being revealed behind a glass box and then shuffling away to hide #bgt 😂😂😂 — Matt Jukes (@matt26499) May 30, 2018
Omg did anyone else notice the crew member behind the glass box 😂😂😭😭😭 #BGT pic.twitter.com/BfUKVkoGen — Courtnie Williams (@Courtnie250894) May 30, 2018
If you're worried about work today, spare a thought for the crew member who found himself on the #BGT stage accidentally last night. pic.twitter.com/Wm7muy5nD4 — Jo and Sparky (@joandsparky) May 31, 2018
that guy that stayed on stage in the magic trick I'm cryingg #bgt — georgiaa (@gxorgia_2) May 30, 2018
LOL to the stage bloke behind the glass box at the end of #acrocadabra act. He looked so confused as to where the lad had gone 😂 Brilliant Performance 🙏🏻😍 #BGT #britainsgottalent #acrocadabra — NailArt by Elizabeth (@nabyelizabeth) May 30, 2018
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent continues weeknights at 7:30pm and 9:30pm on ITV
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
SAN FRANCISCO-Uber is testing the waters in the emerging bicycle sharing market to see if customers in San Francisco will take to the idea of cruising from point A to B on an electric bicycle.
Uber is starting the pilot program with 250 Jump electric bicycles, which will be docked at designated public bike zones around the city. The idea is that customers will open their Uber app to find a bike nearby. They'll then receive a pin to unlock it and will be free to ride, with rates set at $2 for half an hour.
When the Uber rider, who will of course also act as their own driver, reaches their destination, they'll be able to find a public bike rack within the designated zone, lock it up and move on with their day.
While it all sounds like it may work perfectly on paper, the dockless bicycle sharing model has already proven to cause quite a headache in some cities.
Related Where your Uber drivers go to talk about you
In China, bike sharing has turned into a multi-billion dollar market crowded with competitors, but it's come at a steep price, with many having to shut down their operations. Photos have been posted on social media showing "zombie bikes" bikes piled up around cities in a less than orderly fashion.
But problems with the industry have also gone global. Last month in Dallas, five bicycle sharing companies, who among them have an estimated 20,000 bicycles, were told by officials to clean up their mess. Bicycles have been abandoned everywhere from in a river to hanging in a tree. (Seriously.)
There have also been reported instances in San Francisco and Oakland of Ford GoBikes, which use designated bicycle racks, being stripped, vandalized and in one case, even dumped in a lake.
San Francisco's Uber bicycle program which currently has a wait list, kicks off next week.
Neil Gorsuch took his place on the Supreme Court bench Monday, diving right in to the court's business and peppering the lawyers with questions during courtroom argument.
Sworn in a week earlier, President Donald Trump's pick arrived just in time to participate in the final two weeks of oral argument in the current term. As is the tradition in an institution that operates on seniority, he was seated at the end of the bench on the left side of Chief Justice John Roberts, who sits at the center.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Gorsuch to hear first case as SCOTUS justice 3:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"It gives me great pleasure on behalf of myself and my colleagues to welcome Justice Gorsuch as the 101st associate justice of this court," Roberts said in very brief remarks as the court was called to order at 10 a.m. "We wish you a long and happy career in our common cause."
In response Gorsuch said, "Thank you for the warm welcome I have received."
A more elaborate investiture ceremony will be conducted in the weeks to come.
His arrival with a conservative record as a judge on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver restores the ideological makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court. He fills the vacancy left by the death of Antonin Scalia 14 months ago, once again giving the court's generally conservative justices a five-to-four majority.
Related: Supreme Court Scheduled to Hear Important Freedom of Religion Dispute
None of Monday's cases were among the term's blockbusters. They were typical of the court's diet of complex issues of federal law — the timing of shareholder class action lawsuits, the appropriate judicial forum for federal worker complaints, and the rules for joining a lawsuit filed by someone else.
Justice Gorsuch remained in his seat as the court turned to the second case of the day, involving when a person interested in the outcome of a case can be added as a party to proceedings. One of the lawyers appearing before the court in that case, Neal Katyal, testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee in support of Gorsuch's nomination.
Katyal's representation of one side in the case presented Gorsuch with a decision about whether to recuse, or sit the case out. But as expected, he remained on the bench. Justices often hear cases argued by their former law clerks or people from law firms where they once worked.
The court's newest justice showed no freshman anxiety Monday, jumping into the questioning barely 15 minutes after the first argument began. He asked more than two dozen questions and said at one point, "I'm sorry for taking up so much time, I apologize."
Gorsuch was sworn in April 10, and the other eight justices met three days later in their regular private conference to discuss which cases to hear next term. The court said he did not take part in that discussion, preferring to concentrate on the 13 cases to be argued by April 26.
His presence on the court may make the difference in one of the most significant legal showdowns over religious rights in decades.
On Wednesday, the court is scheduled to hear a claim that Missouri discriminated against a Lutheran church by leaving its preschool out of a program to improve school playgrounds. Missouri's constitution says no state money can ever be spent to aid a church.
The church says the state was engaging in anti-religious discrimination. As a federal Judge, Gorsuch was sympathetic to claims of religious discrimination.
"It was Justice Gorsuch's views on religious liberty that might have been the most persuasive thing to conservative advocates when he was nominated. So it would be a surprise if he weren't in favor of the interests of the church in this case," said Tom Goldstein, a Washington, D.C.-based lawyer who argues frequently before the court.
But the case may fizzle out. Late last week, Missouri's newly elected governor said the state will no longer automatically turn down requests for money from churches. The court ordered lawyers for both sides to submit letters by noon Tuesday with their views on what effect the governor's change in policy should have on the case.
The policy change would appear to give the church what it wanted — a chance to obtain a state grant.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Police are investigating a robbery of the Dollar General on Belmont Avenue.
Thursday afternoon, officers were called to the store, where an employee reported that she was robbed by a man wearing black clothing and a pink bandana over his face. The man ran toward Fairmont Avenue and then Foster Street, according to a police report.
Police checked the area but were unable to find the robber.
The employee said the man had a handgun and demanded cash from the register.
Más Turbo, a Dub/Reggae band from Sun Valley, CA, performed on Post Apocalypse with DJ Zomb-E on July 22, 2017.
Originally founded in 2007 from Northern Los Angeles, Más Turbo roamed the underground music scene in Ska, Punk and Dub fashion. In recent years following several line-up changes, the group transformed their music into a new sound they coin as “Stadium Reggae” which features Pop vocals, Cumbia-inspired drum beats. and Dub-styling bass lines accompanied by synthesizers, guitar effects, and the occasional psychedelic breakdowns. Their visual element includes colorful attire, bright, flashing lights, and eclectic visuals.
facebook.com/masturbomusic
instagram.com/masturbo
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase says he doesn't know whether injured quarterback Ryan Tannehill will return to practice this week for the team's first playoff game since 2008.
The Dolphins play at Pittsburgh on Sunday and will be seeking their first postseason victory in 16 years.
Tannehill missed the final three regular-season games with a sprained left knee, and Matt Moore has gone 2-1 filling in at quarterback.
If Tannehill returns to practice, Gase said he doubts he'll wait until the end of the week to decide on the starter at quarterback. Gase said he wants to be sure he doesn't jeopardize Tannehill's long-term health.
Cornerback Byron Maxwell (ankle) and linebacker Jelani Jenkins (knee) might also return this week.
—
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Steven Wine on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Steve-Wine. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/steven-wine
By Mike Schlossberg
The incomparable Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King said, "Only in the darkness can you see the stars." That quote has been perfectly illuminated by the events in Charlottesville, Virginia.
First, the darkness. The recent rally of society's worst in Charlottesville proved that evil still exists. Like all true Americans, I mourn the deaths of Officers Jay Cullen and Berke Bates, as well as the murder of Heather Heyer. Like all true Americans, I abhor the bigotry, hatred and violence perpetrated by the neo-Nazis, the KKK and their ilk. And like the vast majority of Americans, I find myself nauseated by the initial refusal of the president to specifically condemn racism and the domestic terrorism perpetrated by white supremacists.
But then, the stars. Hundreds of thousands of Americans attended counter-protests across the country, loudly and proudly condemning the bile spouted by those in Virginia. Strong, specific messages of condemnation have come from the vast majority of elected officials in both parties, showing that, thankfully, the lack of condemnation by the president is still largely an aberration.
Perhaps, from this disquieting event, unity can come.
Allow me to make a few respectful suggestions. Racism is tragic and evil, but it exists in more forms than a bunch of bigots sprinting around a college campus, screaming the slogans of genocidal lunatics and waving the flags of defeated nations. It exists in more than the hearts and minds of segments of our society. Its impacts can be found in the policies perpetrated by governments at all levels.
All too often racism can be found in governmental policies that have a disproportionately negative impact on African-Americans, Hispanics and other minorities, to say nothing of their impact on poor and middle class whites.
More than 80 percent of Allentown's school children are racial minorities, yet the district is, on a per-student basis, one of the worst funded in the state. I represent two school districts in Harrisburg, Parkland and Allentown. Parkland was just named the 21st best school out of 500 in Pennsylvania, with an A-plus rating. In Allentown, hundreds of students are still educated in buildings dating to the administration of Ulysses S. Grant, to say nothing of the 400 teachers we've lost since 2010 as a result of funding cuts.
Pennsylvania's tax policies are the sixth most regressive in the nation, according to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. This means the poor and impoverished -- a disproportionate amount of whom are minorities -- pay proportionately more in taxes. This comes at the expense of asking the wealthier and larger corporations to pay a fair share.
There is nothing more fundamental to our democracy than the right to vote. Yet across the nation, there are numerous efforts to suppress the vote of minorities. Multiple studies have proven minorities are more likely to wait longer in line to vote than whites. Voter identification policies have been proven to disproportionately suppress the vote of minorities.
To be clear, supporting policies I'm opposed to do not make you a racist. I refuse to use that word lightly and believe that to truly achieve that level of evil requires specific, conscious intent. But I think that all too often the connection between governmental policies that have a disproportionate effect on minorities is not clearly made, and that is my goal here -- not to judge or cast blame, but to try to make the case that racism will exist as long as it has governmental support, intended or otherwise.
Rooting out racism requires more than rallies. It is about more than just counter-protests, difficult conversations or sincere prayers. It requires a true change at the broadest, deepest and most powerful societal level. It requires that we elected representatives do more than give mere lip service to the idea of being opposed to racism, before we move back to enacting policies that oppress.
That requires you, as a citizen, to pressure your elected officials to work for an ideal America. It is only through an engaged citizenry that we will truly become a nation built around the principles of liberty and justice for all. It is only though the work of citizens that we can reach a fair and just America.
To paraphrase Dr. King, in that version of America, success has more to do with the content of one's character than the color of one's skin.
State Rep. Mike Schlossberg, of Allentown, represents the 132nd House District.
LOS ANGELES — Netflix has signed Shonda Rhimes to a multi-year production deal, ending a 15-year relationship with ABC Studios that yielded hits from "Grey's Anatomy" to "Scandal."
Her shingle, Shondaland, will begin producing new series for Netflix while she continues to stay involved in her current broadcast series. Executive producer Betsy Beers will also come to Netflix with Rhimes, one of the most successful TV producers of the past decade.
"Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television," said Ted Sarandos, Netflix chief content officer, in a statement. "Her work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best. I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart — she loves TV and films, she cares passionately about her work, and she delivers for her audience. We're so excited to welcome her to Netflix."
Shonda Rhimes attends the "Scandal" 100th Episode Celebration at Fig & Olive in West Hollywood, California, in this April 8, 2017 file photo. Richard Shotwell / Invision/AP
The pact reflects Netflix's increasing interest in producing original series the company can own, as well as the arms race continuing to escalate between not only the streaming service and TV networks, but other subscriber VOD options like Amazon Prime and Hulu. Earlier this week, Amazon signed on another proven hitmaker, Robert Kirkman, creator of AMC's megahit "The Walking Dead."
Netflix has been a whirlwind of activity as of late, signing filmmakers Joel and Ethan Coen to a deal for a series, "The Ballad of Buster Scruggs." The company also just made its first acquisition, Millarworld, which will yield intellectual property from a roster of comics that have yielded movies in the past from "Kickass" to the "Kingsman" franchise.
The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the story, estimates that Netflix will pay Rhimes $10 million per year to generate what the streaming service is hoping will be the next generation of hit shows. Rhimes has been a consistent supplier of successful drama hours, including "How to Get Away With Murder." That series, as well as "Grey's Anatomy" and "Scandal," have already been renewed for new seasons in 2017-18.
Previous episodes of all three Shondaland series air on Netflix in the U.S., and in select markets around the world.
"Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company," said Rhimes in a statement. "Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix."
In a new lawsuit filed today (April 17) in the Manhattan Supreme Court, Aspire Music Group — represented by longtime Donald Trump litigator Marc E. Kasowitz — has sued Cash Money Records, alleging missing profits and copyright royalties stemming from Drake's first six solo albums, which could end up totaling in the tens of millions, according to court documents reviewed by Billboard.
The suit cites breach of contract, breach of good faith and fair dealing and tortious interference as specific claims, and includes Cash Money co-owners Bryan “Birdman” Williams and Ronald “Slim” Williams, as well as Young Money Entertainment, as defendants. News of the impending suit was first reported in January by Page Six.
In the filing, Aspire claims that in 2008, it signed an exclusive recording agreement with Drake, then entered into an agreement in June 2009 with Cash Money Records that would allow Drake to record for the label in exchange for one-third of the net profits of his first six albums and one third of the copyrights of his master recordings for those same albums, as well as monthly accounting and payments. As laid out in court documents, those albums are 2009's So Far Gone, 2010's Thank Me Later, 2011's Take Care, 2013's Nothing Was the Same, 2015's If You're Reading This, It's Too Late and 2016's Views.
However, Aspire alleges that, outside of “a few modest advances,” Cash Money never paid out any profits or royalties; that monthly accounting was sporadic, full of “inflated and impermissible deductions,” and eventually stopped materializing; and that Aspire was never registered with a one-third ownership stake on any recordings with the U.S. Copyright Office or with royalty administrators such as SoundExchange.
In addition, the complaint says that Cash Money signed a direct exclusive artist agreement with Drake in January 2013 — despite Aspire's pre-existing deal — that paid Drake $10 million, $4 million of which was in profits from albums under the Aspire-Cash Money agreement, that Aspire claims was due to the company.
Many of these allegations are not new; Jas Prince, who is credited with bringing Drake to Aspire in the first place, sued the company in 2012, and then brought a suit against Cash Money over this very same issue in Florida in 2015. That lawsuit was subsequently dismissed, with Prince saying he wanted to re-file in New York.
But the details alleged in the new suit are more revealing. In the accounting provided by Cash Money to Aspire, court documents say, Cash Money sent copies of its payments from distributor Universal and included deductions for recording, marketing and production costs, as well as artist royalties and advances, that had already been deducted from Universal's payments — effectively making them double deductions. The result was accounting that showed no payments due to Aspire.
Documents also show that due to the structure of Cash Money's distribution deal with Universal, most of the money it receives from the major comes in the form of advances — some $100 million, documents claim — that have not been shared with Aspire. Due to the size of those advances, Aspire alleges that Cash Money failed to audit Universal's payments and thus have not adequately collected on all its net profits — leaving Aspire out in the cold down the line.
All told, the balance is therefore unknown; Aspire is asking the court to supervise a full accounting of Cash Money's books in order to determine the amount due under its contract.
This story originally appeared on Billboard.
(AP Photo/Sean Rayford, file). FILE - In this Tuesday, Jan. 16, 2018 file photo, South Carolina's Brian Bowen goofs around with teammates before an NCAA college basketball game in Columbia, S.C. Brian Bowen is staying in the NBA draft after South Carol...
By PETE IACOBELLI
AP Sports Writer
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - Brian Bowen is reaming in the NBA draft after the NCAA told South Carolina he would miss at least all next season before he would be eligible to play as the federal investigation into college basketball continues.
Bowen announced his decision to stay in the NBA draft through the school on Wednesday.
The decision means Bowen, the one-time Louisville recruit who transferred to the Gamecocks in January, won't ever play in college. He was suspended by Louisville after the school said it was being investigated as part of the federal corruption probe into the sport.
The federal complaint stated an Adidas executive and others attempted to funnel $100,000 to a recruit's family for him to play at Louisville. Details in the documents made clear investigators were referring to Bowen.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The man who may have started the process that led Twitter to shut down President Donald Trump's account early this month was quoted Wednesday as agreeing with the company that the 11-minute blackout was an accident.
The man, identified by the technology site TechCrunch as Bahtiyar Duysak, is quoted as saying he was working on his last day as a contractor on Twitter's help desk on Nov. 2 when he received one of the many user reports Twitter gets every day complaining about the president's rhetoric.
In a video of the interview posted with the TechCrunch article, the man identified as Duysak says he simply fielded the complaint and started Twitter's process to review and take action on it.
NBC News hasn't verified TechCrunch's identification of Duysak as having been involved in the incident. A spokesperson for Twitter confirmed to NBC News on Wednesday night that a man named Bahtiyar Duysak had worked for the company but said Twitter couldn't comment on former employees "to protect our internal security measures."
Related: Departing employee knocked Trump off Twitter for 11 minutes
In the TechCrunch video, the man, whom TechCrunch said it interviewed in Germany, indicates that he doesn't believe he was the person directly responsible for the shutdown of the president's account, often referring to "this person" and "him," not to "me" or "I."
"If I am involved in this, I really apologize if I hurt anyone. I didn't do anything on purpose," he says, describing the episode as "definitely a mistake."
The explanations that Twitter gave at the time closely match the account given by the man identified as Duysak.
Twitter first said that Trump's account "was inadvertently deactivated due to human error by a Twitter employee." Later, the company said: "Through our investigation we have learned that this was done by a Twitter customer support employee who did this on the employee's last day. We are conducting a full internal review."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Nov. 3: Twitter employee shuts down trump's account on last day of work 1:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Twitter spokesperson said Wednesday night: "We have taken a number of steps to keep an incident like this from happening again."
In the TechCrunch interview, the man identified as Duysak says he has been hounded by the media since he left Twitter and simply wants to "continue an ordinary life."
"I don't want to flee from the media," he says. "I want to speak to my neighbors and friends. I had to delete hundreds of friends, so many pictures, because reporters are stalking me."
Just gonna say it, the employee at Twitter who shut off Trump's account for 11 mins could become a candidate for the Nobel Peace Prize. — David Jolly (@DavidJollyFL) November 3, 2017
Asked about his having been hailed as a "hero" and worthy of the Nobel Peace Price by critics of the president, the man — again referring to "this person" and "him," not as "me" or "I" — calls such messages "just comments.”
“Not one little mistake of one human being can lead to such a result,” he says. “I think it's all about a number of coincidences."
New York (AP) — Petroleum futures trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange Tuesday:
(1,000 bbl; dollars per bbl.)
PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. -- Tiger Woods has agreed to plead guilty to reckless driving and will enter a diversion program that will allow him to have his record wiped clean if he completes the program, a prosecutor said Wednesday.
Woods, 41, was charged with driving under the influence in May when he was found asleep in his Mercedes-Benz, apparently under the influence of a prescription painkiller and sleeping medication. No alcohol was found in his system.
Woods did not appear at the Palm Beach County courthouse for his arraignment. Prosecutor Adrienne Ellis said the golf superstar agreed to plead guilty at an Oct. 25 hearing and enter the county's program for first-time DUI offenders.
"He is not being treated any different than anyone else," Ellis said.
Woods' attorney, Douglas Duncan, entered a not guilty plea to the DUI charge on Woods' behalf and declined comment as he left the courthouse.
Under the plea deal, prosecutors would drop the DUI charge, which is a more severe charge than reckless driving. If he completes the program, he can ask a judge to expunge the reckless driving conviction.
In the diversion program, Woods will spend a year on probation, pay a $250 fine and court costs, attend DUI school and perform 50 hours of community service. He would also have to attend a workshop where victims of impaired drivers detail how their lives were damaged and face other conditions. Since the program began four years ago, almost 2,400 defendants have enrolled, according to the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office.
If convicted of DUI, Woods would have faced a fine of between $500 and $1,000, had his car impounded for 10 days and other conditions. He also could have been jailed for up to six months, although that was unlikely, received probation and lost his driver's license for six months to a year.
The DUI arrest was the first time Woods had been in trouble since Thanksgiving weekend 2009, when he plowed his SUV into a tree and a fire hydrant outside his then-Windermere, Florida, home. That led to revelations that he had multiple extramarital affairs and a divorce from his wife Elin Nordegren, the mother of his two children. He spent 45 days in a Mississippi clinic where he was treated for sex addiction.
Woods was arrested at 2 a.m. May 29 about 15 miles from his home in Jupiter, Florida, when officers found him unconscious in his Mercedes-Benz, which was parked awkwardly on the side of the road and had damage to the driver's side. It's not clear how he damaged the car. Officers checked the area but didn't find that he had hit anything.
Woods didn't know where he was when asked by officers, and he stumbled and swayed through a field sobriety test, police dashboard camera video showed. Woods told officers he was taking the painkiller Vicodin and Xanax, which treats anxiety and insomnia, to cope with his fourth back surgery in April.
Woods announced last month he had completed treatment at an out-of-state clinic to deal with his use of prescription medications.
His 79 PGA Tour victories and 14 major titles both rank No. 2 all-time. He has not competed since February because of his back injury and is not expected to return this year. His last win was in August 2013.
Emotional support animals have gone to the birds
Earlier this week, a New York woman attempted to get her peacock, Dexter, onto an American Airlines flight from Newark International Airport.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
The new season of @VictoriaSeries started filming today and @nell.hudson checked in from set with a special message for all of you - Happy #VictoriaDay! #VictoriaPBS
A post shared by MASTERPIECE PBS (@masterpiecepbs) on May 21, 2018 at 8:53am PDT
Ramen is quickly becoming one of America's favorite comfort foods, and probably even one of yours. But before you give yourself a healthy pat on the back for trading in your economy-sized box of instant ramen noodles for the real deal, consider this: Those steaming, delicious bowls of fresh noodles, soft boiled eggs and exotic veggies at your local ramen joint may look healthyish, but the sodium, fat and calorie content lurking beneath the surface is anything but.
Bonnie Taub-Dix, RD, nutritionist and BETTER contributor warns us not to be "fooled by the seemingly healthy broth because some varieties contain 10 to 15 grams of fat, which is equivalent to the calories in two to three pats of butter." And the nutritional hits don't stop there: A single restaurant serving of ramen can contain half of your recommended sodium limit for the day — yikes!
Thom Yorke has announced a European tour, which will kick off in late May and continue through mid-June. The tour begins in Florence on May 28 and will make stops in Switzerland, Germany, Belgium, Amsterdam, Scotland, England, and France, before closing with a set at Barcelona's Sonar Festival. View the full tour itinerary below.
This European trek will follow Yorke's April appearance in Berlin as part of an “immersive” instillation designed by his friend and frequent collaborator Tarik Barri. Barri has worked on audiovisual projects for Atoms For Peace and Yorke before, and he will accompany Yorke on the European dates as well. The upcoming tour will also feature support from producer Oliver Coates, who has collaborated previously with Radiohead guitarist Jonny Greenwood on several film scores, including Phantom Thread. Barri noted on Twitter that the tour will be “completely live.” Last December, Yorke premiered a new song, “I Am A Very Rude Person,” live in concert.
Tour Dates:
05/28 Florence, Italy – Teatro Verdi
05/29 Milan, Italy – Fabrique Milano
05/30 Zurich, Switzerland – Halle 622
06/01 Berlin, Germany – Tempodrom
06/03 Brussels, Belgium – Ancienne Belgique
06/04 Amsterdam, Netherlands – Royal Theatre Carré
06/07 Edinburgh, Scotland – Usher Hall
06/08 London, England – Roundhouse
06/10 Manchester, England – Palace Theatre
06/12 Paris, France – L'Olympia
06/13 Lyon, France – Le Transbordeur
06/16 Barcelona, Spain – Fira de Barcelona (Sonar Festival)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With the season now in full swing it's time for Chester FC Daily Digest to make a return.
Throughout the campaign we'll be bringing you a round-up of the day's events at Chester and their Vanarama National League rivals.
And there's only one place to start...
Highlights, reaction, ratings
Whether it's the best place to start is open to debate, though.
Let's face it, Saturday's 0-0 home draw with FC Halifax Town is not one that will live long in the memory.
But, if you're brave enough, you can watch the highlights from the match below, courtesy of the Blues' new TV channel...
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
After Chester's winless home run continued, Jon McCarthy insisted better results will come.
You can read what the Blues boss had to say below...
Halifax manager Billy Heath has also delivered his verdict.
Heath, who hailed the performance of Chester old boy Matty Brown, said: "Any point away from home is a good point.
"I thought we played really well first half; we kept the ball better.
(Image: Dale Miles)
"Second half we lost Michael Duckworth through a hamstring injury, we lost Matty Kosylo with a hamstring injury, so we lost our balance a bit.
"Then it became an arm-wrestle. Both teams were too disjointed. But it's a good point."
Our Blues reporter Dave Powell has also had his say. 5s, 6s and 7s are the order of the day...
On to the next one
McCarthy's men head to Hartlepool United tomorrow night and, while they are yet to win this season, drawing their opening two games, the pressure will be very much on the relegated hosts.
And captain John McCombe hopes that will play into Chester's hands...
After taking just one point from the first three games, the Pools players know it, too.
Their skipper, Carl Magnay, said: "Back at home on Tuesday and what a chance to respond. It has to be a positive performance, it has to be high energy, and hopefully the rest will take care of itself."
Solihull green light
Also in action tomorrow night will be Solihull Moors after they were given the go-ahead to stage matches at their Damson Park home again.
Shockingly Solihull's opening day visit of the Blues was postponed 24 hours before the scheduled kick-off time because of safety concerns.
But Moors have since released a statement to confirm all issues have been resolved, meaning they will be able to host Barrow AFC tomorrow.
You can read the statement HERE. Disappointingly, it does not include an apology to Chester and the fans who were were let down and left out of pocket.
Youth win
The Blues' youth team wrapped up their pre-season preparations on Sunday with a 4-0 win at Irlam.
James Cottrell, Lloyd Marsh-Hughes, Iwan Murray and Stuart Crilly got the goals.
Cee c defy critics, gets endorsement deals – P.M. News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The security researcher credited with stopping the spread of a massive cyberattack earlier this year has been arrested by the FBI, federal prosecutors said Thursday.
Marcus Hutchins, a 22-year-old England-based researcher who was hailed for finding a "kill switch" that halted the WannaCry malware assault in May, was detained Wednesday by FBI officials in Las Vegas for his role in hatching a banking virus, federal prosecutors said in a statement announcing the six-count indictment.
Related: Meet the Tech Expert Who 'Saved the U.S.' From WannaCry
WannaCry infected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide, disrupting businesses and breaching major services — from United Kingdom hospital systems and Russia's interior ministry to Germany's rail network and a Spanish telecommunications operator. The virus locked down files and demanded $300 to $600 to restore them.
British IT expert Marcus Hutchins has been branded a hero for slowing down the "WannaCry" global cyberattack. Frank Augstein / AP
The news of the arrest was first reported by the tech website Motherboard.
Hutchins, who goes by the online alias "MalwareTech" and works for the Los Angeles-based Kryptos Logic, told the Associated Press in May that hundreds of computer experts rushed into battle against the virus.
"I'm definitely not a hero," he told the AP. "I'm just someone doing my bit to stop botnets."
Kryptos Logic chief executive Salim Neino told the AP that his employee's efforts helped stop the virus in its tracks in Europe — before it could wreak havoc in the U.S.
Related: This Is How Ransomware Attack Spread and Total Amount Paid
"Marcus ... not only saved the United States but also prevented further damage to the rest of the world," Neino told the AP in May. "Within a few moments, we were able to validate that there was indeed a kill switch. It was a very exciting moment."
But now federal prosecutors accuse Hutchins of creating and distributing a banking "trojan," or malware, called Tronos. The virus was designed to harvest and transfer the usernames and passwords linked with banking websites whenever they were entered on an infected computer.
The indictment, filed in a Wisconsin federal court last month, alleges that Hutchins and another defendant, whose name is redacted, engaged in the alleged conduct between July 2014 and July 2015.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Top tip: Beware of ransomware 2:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Hutchins was arrested in Las Vegas after reportedly attending the Black Hat and Defcon security conferences. His arrest comes after a two-year investigation into the Kronos malware, led by the FBI's cryber crime unit in Milwaukee.
The news of his arrest marks a dramatic turn for a tech whiz applauded in some media reports as an "accidental hero" for his key role in blunting the WannaCry attack.
That malware acted like a worm, finding security holes in a computer to spread throughout a network and exploiting a vulnerability in Microsoft operating systems, especially those with outdated software. Microsoft said at the time of the attack that it had been pushing out special automatic updates to those older systems in order to block the virus.
Hutchins, for his part, identified the domain name in the virus and purchased the site. That move acted as a "kill switch," neutralizing the threat.
In separate statements, spokespeople for two British agencies, the National Crime Agency and the National Cyber Security Center, said they were aware of the arrest and referred all inquiries to U.S. authorities.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a San Francisco-based digital rights group, said it was "deeply concerned" about Hutchins' arrest and was attempting to reach him.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ransomware attack: Make sure your data is backed up, expert advises 2:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Andrew Mabbitt, a British digital security specialist who had been staying in Las Vegas with Hutchins, said he and his friends grew worried when they got "radio silence" from Hutchins for hours. The worries deepened when Hutchins' mother called to tell him the young researcher hadn't made his flight home.
Mabbitt said he eventually found Hutchins' name on a detention center website.
One legal scholar who specializes in studying computer crime said it's unusual, and problematic, for prosecutors to go after someone simply for writing or selling malware — as opposed to using it to further a crime.
"This is the first case I know of where the government is prosecuting someone for creating or selling malware but not actually using it," said Orin Kerr, a law professor at George Washington University. Kerr said it will be difficult to prove criminal intent.
"It's a constant issue in criminal law — the helping of people who are committing a crime," Kerr said. "When is that itself a crime?"
Consultations vital to end ethnic crisis – Osinbajo
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo has said consultation with ethnic leaders is vital to end crisis in the country.
He disclosed this at a summit on promoting peace, democracy and stability organized by Journalists for Democratic Rights (JODER) held on Wednesday in Abuja.
Osinbajo, who was represented by the Special Adviser to the President on Political Matters, Senator Babafemi Ojudu, said the presidency has commenced intensive consultations with stakeholders to douse tension created by some ethnic associations through their utterances.
He added that the nation should see its socio-cultural differences as a source of strength rather than weaknesses, adding that any form of breakup will be costly.
He said the Igbos had invested so much outside the Igboland and war is not the solution.
“Nigerians should deepen social interactions and appreciate the positive sides of each other,” the acting President said.
The post Consultations vital to end ethnic crisis – Osinbajo appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Is Tesla the new king of the hill?
The Silicon Valley upstart overtook long-time industry leader General Motors as trading on the New York Stock Exchange closed Monday afternoon.
Tesla had seemed poised for more than a week to take the lead, having already nudged past Ford earlier in the month. But Monday brought the Wall Street equivalent of a close horse race, GM and Tesla trading the lead almost by the hour. Finally, as the bell rang, the EV maker had a closing stock price of $312.39, a $9.85 gain for the day, leaving it valued at $50.95 billion, while GM closed up $0.26 a share, at $33.97, with a market cap of $50.89 billion.
The surge in Tesla's market performance comes at a critical time for the Silicon Valley automaker, which little more than a month ago had warned its finances were "on the edge" as it continued its costly investment in the launch of the new Model 3. The midsize electric vehicle, Tesla's first priced by the mainstream, is set to go into production in July.
Related: Tesla's Market Value Surpasses Ford
"It's one of the strangest things I have ever seen," said analyst David Sullivan, of AutoPacific Inc. "Wall Street being patient and rewarding a company that keeps losing money, quarter after quarter."
Sullivan wasn't the only surprised by Tesla's April run-up. In New York for a preview of the annual auto show there, Ford President Joe Hinrichs said he couldn't understand investors who normally put a premium on "a solid cash flow…like ours."
Indeed, the market had seemingly turned against Tesla when, in late February, it reported that it lost $121.3 million, or 78 cents a share, during the final quarter of 2016 — the automaker falling into the red during all but two quarters since it went public. Compounding investors' concerns: Tesla CEO Elon Musk warned that his company was "on the edge" and running short of the capital it needed to bring critical new product to market.
Related: Tesla Sets Sales Record
Tesla did get a boost when it raised more money than expected — about $1.4 billion — from a recent stock offering. And, it turned out, Tencent Holdings, was one of the backers, the big Chinese investment firm subsequently reporting it had taken a 5 percent stake in Tesla.
Meanwhile, Tesla got another lift when it reported earlier this month that first quarter sales and production both reached record levels, though it still lags behind any of the traditional manufacturers. GM sold about 10 million vehicles last year, which works out to about 250 percent more vehicles each week than the 76,000 Models S and X battery vehicles Tesla moved in all 2016.
Of course, the real focus for investors is what happens once the Model 3 goes to market. CEO Musk has forecast sales will climb to 500,000 in 2018 — most of that from the small electric vehicle — and that it will grow to 1 million by 2020.
He has also announced plans for other new products, notably the Model Y, a compact crossover-utility vehicle based on the same architecture as the Model 3.
Related: Is the Tesla Model 3 the Safest Car Ever?
Of course, the challenge will be to deliver on plan. Tesla has yet to launch any product on schedule, the Model X running two years behind and then suffering serious quality problems that led influential Consumer Reports to warn potential buyers to beware.
The Board of Claims under the Department of Justice (DOJ) on Thursday started processing the financial assistance for the victims of the ongoing armed conflict in Marawi City, Lanao del Sur.
Processing of claims started at 1 p.m. Thursday at Camp Evangelista in Cagayan De Oro City.
The processing came after Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II, who visited Cagayan De Oro last Monday, ordered the Board to provide assistance to victims.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Mass evacuations ensued and unfortunately, uniformed personnel from the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP), Philippine National Police (PNP) as well as civilians died, suffered serious injuries, or needed medical attentions at various hospitals in Iligan, Cagayan de Oro and others,” Aguirre said in a statement.
“The state, through the Board of Claims, can show its genuine concern for the victims and impart to them that the government is not indifferent to their plight. The team will provide proper venue where eligible claimants can seek compensation through administrative procedure,” Aguirre added.
The Board of Claims and Parole and Probation Administration will conduct the processing of applications of these victims pursuant to Republic Act No. 7309 “an act creating board of claims under the Department of Justice for victims of unjust imprisonment or detention and victims of violent crimes for other purposes.”
The Board may approve and award “the maximum amount of P10,000 or the amount necessary to reimburse the claimant the expenses incurred for hospitalization, medical treatment, loss of wag, loss of support or other expenses directly related to the injury, whichever is lower. This is without prejudice to the right of the claimant to seek other remedies under existing law.” JPV
Inquirer calls for support for the victims in Marawi City
Responding to appeals for help, the Philippine Daily Inquirer is extending its relief to victims of the attacks in Marawi City
Cash donations may be deposited in the Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860.
Inquiries may be addressed to Inquirer's Corporate Affairs office through Connie Kalagayan at 897-4426, ckalagayan@inquirer.com.ph and Bianca Kasilag-Macahilig at 897-8808 local 352, bkasilag@inquirer.com.ph.
For donation from overseas:
Inquirer Foundation Corp account:
Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860
Swift Code: BNORPHMM
GYMPIE'S Chris Pagel won his second Queensland Production Sedan title at Kingaroy last Saturday, beating Gympie driver Tim Atkin.
The friendly rivalry continued between the two for a great battle between the race leaders.
Pagel and Atkin gave spectators plenty of action as the two battled the entire race for the top podium position.
Fans watched in anticipation as the lead swapped between the two, producing some great overtakes.
Pagel secured victory by 0.9 seconds.
"It has been a good contest between us and I grew up watching him,” Pagel said.
"He is one of the best drivers in our class and you know when you beat him you have beaten the best.”
Pagel came into this race off a Maryborough crash and said he was not hopeful of his chances.
"It was a bit of a surprise win. I recovered well from the crash in Maryborough” he said.
"The old man and I did a bit of work on the car to get it ready.”
The 40-lap distance of the final was run without a single stoppage which, in itself, was a credit to the drivers, for the professional conduct in which the event was conducted.
Due to the lack of stops, Pagel is now the holder of the Kingaroy Speedway 40-lap Production Sedan lap record, which stands at 12:11:703.
Atkin came home second - less than a second from the lead. He suffered a blown tyre on the main straight in the final lap just metres from the finish.
Gympie's Brett Baxter was seventh while Daniel Henshaw and Josh Crang both qualified for the final but failed to complete the journey.
A week earlier, Gympie's Jarrod Peacock finished second in the Australian production sedan title.
Gympie's Corbet's Group Mothar Mountain Speedway returns for the Gympie Oil, Gas and Battery End of Season Spectacular on May 12.
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue her Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Related: Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to her social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on. “We'll get through this together. See you Wednesday,” she wrote adding the hashtag #VegasStrong.
Spears will be performing her Britney: Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December.
Teodorin Obiang: Playboy son of Equatorial Guinea leader goes on trial in France
Born in 1969, Obiang was 10 when his father overthrew his bloodthirsty uncle, the dictator Francisco Macias Nguema.
The playboy son of Equatorial Guinea's leader, notorious for his extravagant taste in cars, homes and Michael Jackson memorabilia, goes on trial Monday in Paris charged with plundering his country's coffers to fund his jetset lifestyle in France.
Teodorin Obiang, his country's vice-president, is charged with using state money to pay for a mansion on one of the swankiest avenues in Paris, along with a 76-metre (250-foot) yacht, a collection of designer suits and other indulgences.
His lawyers have said they will call Monday for the trial to be adjourned, saying they need more time to prepare his defence.
The trial is the first arising out of an investigation into the French assets of a trio of African leaders accused of leading a life of luxury abroad while their citizens live from hand to mouth.
The 47-year-old accused is not expected to attend the trial, which is expected to last under two weeks.
He is charged with corruption, embezzlement, misuse of public funds and breach of trust.
US officials have already forced him to forfeit property bought with the proceeds of corruption, accusing him of "shamelessly" looting his country.
His house on Avenue Foch in Paris, which boasts a cinema, spa, hair salon and taps covered in gold leaf, is estimated to be worth around 107 million euros ($112 million).
When French judicial officials first launched raids in Paris in 2011, they hired trucks to haul away his Bugattis, Ferraris, Rolls-Royce and other cars.
The case sets a precedent for France which has long turned a blind eye to African dictators who routinely park their ill-gotten gains in Parisian real estate and luxury products.
It came about after nearly a decade of lobbying by anti-corruption groups Sherpa and Transparency International.
"In the beginning, there was simply no political will in France to listen to us," William Bourdon, a lawyer for Sherpa, wrote in September.
Timber wealth
French prosecutors allege that party-loving Obiang lined his pockets to the tune of nearly 110 million euros between 2004-2011, when he was agriculture minister for his father, President Teodoro Obiang Nguema.
As agriculture minister he held a powerful position that gave him control over the lucrative timber industry which is Equatorial Guinea's main export after oil.
A so-called "revolutionary" tax imposed on wood sales was transferred to his personal accounts, prosecutors allege.
He has "always said that he earned the money legally in his country," one of his lawyers, Emmanuel Marsigny, told AFP.
Obiang fought unsuccessfully to prevent the trial.
In December, the International Court of Justice in the Hague rejected a request by Equatorial Guinea to suspend the case.
Shopaholic
Born in 1969, Obiang was 10 when his father overthrew his bloodthirsty uncle, the dictator Francisco Macias Nguema.
Now Africa's longest-serving ruler, Teodoro Obiang Nguema made his son vice-president in June just after being re-elected with his usual score of more than 90 percent of votes cast.
During one of his appeals against the French trial, a lawyer acting for the French government said Obiang had a "compulsive need to buy".
In a settlement with US prosecutors in 2014, Obiang agreed to turn over more than $30 million in property — including a Malibu villa, a Ferrari and Michael Jackson memorabilia.
The music fan is known to have bought a crystal-covered glove worn by Michael Jackson during his "Bad" tour, which is worth hundreds of thousands of euros.
The US Justice Department said he "embarked on a corruption-fuelled spending spree in the United States" after racking up $300 million through embezzlement, extortion and money laundering.
In November, Swiss prosecutors said they had opened a money laundering probe targeting Obiang and seized 11 luxury cars in Geneva, including a Bugatti Veyron worth around two million euros.
Equatorial Guinea, Africa's only Spanish-speaking nation, is the continent's third-biggest oil producer.
Analysts say the energy boom has benefitted only a select few. The country is also regularly criticised by human rights groups for repressive laws, unlawful killings, torture and corruption.
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND — Yan Gomes singled home Austin Jackson from second base with none out in the 13th inning as the Cleveland Indians rallied from five runs down to stun the New York Yankees 9-8 Friday and snatch a 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
Jackson drew a leadoff walk in the 13th from Dellin Betances and stole second. Gomes went to a full count before pulling his bouncer just inside the third-base bag, easily scoring Jackson. The Indians poured out of their dugout to mob Gomes, who ended the 5-hour, 8-minute thriller.
“We just were supposed to win,” said Indians outfielder Jay Bruce, who hit a game-tying homer in the eighth. “No words, honestly. I'm speechless.”
The Indians posted their biggest comeback win in post-season history, overcoming an 8-3 deficit, a terrible start by ace Corey Kluber and a potentially serious injury to slugger Edwin Encarnacion.
Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth to rally Cleveland, right after a close call on a hit by pitch that the Yankees didn't challenge.
New York had its chances late, but the Yankees stranded the go-ahead run at third in the ninth and 10th — and had pinch-runner Ronald Torreyes picked off second in the 11th by Gomes from the behind the plate.
Cleveland will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Yankee Stadium. Carlos Carrasco is set to start for the Indians against Masahiro Tanaka.
As they've done so many times in a season becoming more special by the day, the defending AL champions battled back and can now put the Yankees away in New York — just as they did in the 2007 ALDS.
Josh Tomlin, who had been scheduled to start later in the series, pitched two perfect innings for the win.
Aaron Hicks hit a three-run homer off Kluber and Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird hit two-run shots for the Yankees, who may have caught a bad break before Lindor's homer.
New York's Aaron Judge went 0 for 3 and is hitless in seven at-bats in the series with five strikeouts.
The Yankees lost consecutive games for the first time since they were swept at home in a three-game series by the Indians from Aug. 28-30. Now, they need to sweep three in a row from Cleveland.
Down 8-3, facing New York's vaunted bullpen, the Indians came back.
New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green, another one of the Yankees' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled. Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first by plate umpire Dan Iassogna on a hit by pitch.
TV replays showed the ball slightly change direction — it appeared to hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said there wasn't enough evidence within 30 seconds to justify a challenge. He said the team later saw a slow-motion replay suggesting he should've contested the call, but it was too late.
Lindor then stepped in and hit a towering shot off the inside of the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7, triggering a seismic celebration.
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland's first post-season slam since Jim Thome in 1999, Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two-run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman, then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees.
When Lindor reached the plate, he wrapped his arms around Jason Kipnis waiting in the batter's box.
Bruce, who has done everything since coming over in an August trade, led off the eighth with his homer to left off reliever David Robertson, who pitched 3 1/3 scoreless innings and earned the win in the wild-card game over Minnesota.
Bruce ripped a 3-1 pitch into the left-field bleachers to tie it. When he reached second, Lindor was out of the dugout waving around his teammate as the Indians had caught the Yankees.
Five innings later, the Indians finally broke the tie. They matched the longest post-season game in Cleveland history — Tony Pena's homer in the 13th beat Boston in Game 1 of the 1995 ALDS.
Kluber wasn't himself. Not even close.
The right-hander, who led the AL in wins, ERA and intimidation, didn't get out of the third inning as Francona pulled him after allowing Hicks' three-run homer.
It was the shortest outing this season for Kluber and as he slowly walked off the mound, Cleveland's stunned crowd gave him a polite ovation and several teammates approached him to offer consolation.
This was a shocker to the Indians, who started Trevor Bauer in the opener so they could bring back Kluber in Game 2 and then use him again if the series goes five games. But after the way the Yankees roughed up their ace, Cleveland's plans appear flawed.
The Indians tied it 2-2 in the first, but lost Encarnacion.
Sabathia gave up a two-out walk and hit Encarnacion on the right knee to load the bases before Carlos Santana followed with a two-run single.
Bruce followed with a liner up the middle that was gloved by leaping shortstop Didi Gregorius, who dived headfirst into second to try and double up Encarnacion. Cleveland's free-swinging DH scrambled back, but jammed his foot into the base and rolled his ankle badly.
Encarnacion, a former Toronto Blue Jays star, stayed on the ground and rolled around in the infield dirt in obvious pain while waiting for medical attention. He was helped to his feet and had to be assisted off the field, but not after stopping halfway to the dugout because he was in such discomfort.
Encarnacion is the biggest bat in Cleveland's lineup — he hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs this season — and the Indians aren't the same without him.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen has suggested he came close to leaving Barcelona in the close-season.
The 24-year-old hinted he was on the verge of an exit from Camp Nou, before Claudio Bravo departed for Manchester City.
Ter Stegen joined Barça from Borussia Monchengladbach in 2014, when fellow shot-stopper Bravo also signed from Real Sociedad.
However, the German was initially limited to playing in the Copa del Rey and Champions League, with coach Luis Enrique using Bravo as his first choice in LaLiga.
Recovering training today! 😋⚽️
Really proud of our performance yesterday.
Great effort guys! 👏🏻👏🏻#DesireToWin pic.twitter.com/0vT82pHTPh — Marc ter Stegen (@mterstegen1) December 19, 2016
Following the Chile international's switch to join Pep Guardiola at Manchester City ahead of the 2016-17 campaign, Ter Stegen has since been the undisputed number one at Barça - although he admits he also considered leaving the Spanish champions.
"It was tough because everyone wanted to play in every game. In the end, things have changed and we are both well," said Ter Stegen, who was also linked with a move to the Etihad Stadium, in an interview with Mundo Deportivo.
"He [Bravo] plays in Manchester and I play here at Barça. There had to be a change because it was not easy to maintain that situation.
"I imagine Guardiola wanted a goalkeeper who can play with his feet, everyone knows him as a person and a footballer and this is his idea of how to play.
"It was clear that if the situation did not change I would have to find a solution, but the club told me that my time had come and that everyone supported me, so I did not hesitate to stay here."
Ter Stegen feels his development has taken a rapid upward swing due to the increased opportunities afforded to him this season.
He added: "I've learned a lot this season. Playing in LaLiga as well makes you learn new things that are different to when you play in the Champions League.
"There are also many more games, so you have more rhythm and you keep improving.
"That was the situation I was looking for when I arrived, and now I can say that it's so."
Asked if he could be the Barça goalkeeper for the next 10 years, Ter Stegen responded: "Yes, why not?"
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Scientists say they've used human test-tube baby techniques to try to save the nearly extinct northern white rhino.
In an improbable experiment, they are trying to resurrect an entire species using dead males, two infertile remaining females, and some closely related southern white rhinos.
And they say they also plan to use stem-cell technology to try to create a population of pure northern white rhinos in the lab.
The European team of researchers created a few early-stage rhino embryos using a technique called intracytoplasmic sperm injection or ICSI. They used sperm from the last northern white rhino males before they died. Some of this sperm was injected into egg cells taken from females of the southern white rhino subspecies.
They ended up with a handful of embryos, some of which could potentially be implanted into surrogate rhino mothers.
While any resulting baby rhinos would be hybrids — half northern and half southern white rhino — the experiment is a first step to re-creating an extinct species in the lab, the researchers report in the journal Nature Communications.
Northern white rhinos were driven to extinction by poaching and war in the countries they once roamed — Chad, Sudan, Uganda, Congo and Central African Republic.
The last living male white northern white rhino, named Sudan, died last March. Two females remain in captivity, but they are infertile. No northern white rhinos remain in the wild.
Thomas Hildebrandt of the German Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin and colleagues in the Czech Republic and Italy, as well as in Japan, started an all-out effort to create new white rhinos in the lab.
“We didn't have many options so we had to be realistic."
They've succeeded in their first step – making hybrid embryos. “These are the first in-vitro produced rhinoceros embryos ever. They have a very high chance to establish a pregnancy once implanted into a surrogate mother,” Hildebrandt said in a statement.
It's a tricky process. Rhinos are big and it's not easy to make them cooperate. The females had to be anesthetized and a special tool used to collect their egg cells. “We … were highly afraid that something unexpected would happen during this procedure,” Hildebrandt told a telephone briefing.
And the frozen sperm was not the greatest. “The amount of semen is limited, is of poor quality, and has been obtained from only three bulls,” the team wrote in their report.
They hope to eventually implant their embryos into the more common southern white rhino females and then breed any resulting rhinos to try and concentrate their northern white rhino genes. For now, these early embryos, called blastocysts, have been frozen.
This will probably not be enough to save a whole subspecies, so the team is also using stem cell and cloning technology to try to make pure northern white rhinos. They pulled embryonic stem cells — the body's master cells, from four of the blastocysts.
What they want to do is turn these embryonic stem cells into eggs and sperm using stem cell technology.
Chemical and genetic techniques can be used to get embryonic stem cells to turn into any cell type desired, including egg and sperm cells.
There's a second way to make them, also. The team has tissue samples from northern white rhinos. They plan to use chemical and genetic techniques to transform these ordinary skin cells into more cells resembling embryonic stem cells. These lab-produced cells are called induced pluripotent stem cells or iPS cells.
In theory, these laboratory-made sperm and egg cells could be combined in a lab dish via in vitro fertilization (IVF) to make a pure northern white rhino embryo, which could be implanted into a southern white rhino surrogate mother.
The scientists hope they could make enough rhino babies this way to have a genetically diverse population that could, eventually, be re-introduced into their traditional range.
"Our results suggest that these methods could play a valuable role in the effort to save rhinoceros populations on the brink of extinction," they wrote.
Don't get your hopes up, caution Terri Roth and William Swanson of the Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife (CREW) at the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden.
Secret Marriages Of Nigerian Celebrities You Don't Know
A wedding is commonly known is a marriage ceremony. Most wedding ceremonies involve an exchange of marriage vows by the couple, presentation of a gift (offering, ring(s), symbolic item, flowers, money), and a public proclamation of marriage by an authority figure.
Some Nigerian celebrities have defied all odds by exchanging vows with their spouses away from pubic eye.
We present you with 10 Nigerian celebrities who had secret weddings.
See below:
1. Regina Askia
One of Nollywood's hottest and oldest actress, Regina Askia, in the early 90s secretly married Rudolph Williams, an American who flew to Lagos for the secret ceremony. At this time the Internet wasn't popular in Nigeria so it took about a week for people to find out. Shortly after her wedding Regina Askia relocated with her husband.
2. Adaeze Yobo
Yobo was crowned the Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria in 2008. She married Joseph Yobo in 2009 married in a private ceremony at night.
3. Toke Makinwa
The vlogger cum author was in a long term (12 years) relationship with Maje Ayida. The relationship had a lot of ups and downs but they secretly got married on January 15, 2014. The marriage crashed in 2016.
4. Uche Jombo
Uche Jombo secretly married Kenny Rodriguez in a low key wedding ceremony in America after her failed relationship with Ikechukwu Uche.
5. Di'ja
Reports had it that Mavin singer Di'Ja had gotten married in December 2015 but Di'Ja did not give a hint. On July 1, 2016 Di'Ja finally revealed that she had gotten married months ago and had given birth to a boy.
6. Goldie Harvey
Late Nigerian singer and BBA star who died on February 14, 2013 had been secretly married to Andrew Harvey, an engineer based in Malaysia, in 2005. This was made known after her unfortunate demise.
7. Funke Akindele
Multiple award-winning actress secretly got married to her beau JJC Skillz Bello in London on August 27, 2016.
8. Stella Damasus
The actress who is based in UK has been secretly married for 3 years to her live-in lover, Daniel Ademinokan. Ademinokan announced this on February 14, 2017.
9. Agbani Darego
Top Nigerian model, Agbani married Ishaya Danjuma in a quiet ceremony in Morocco on April 8, 2017. It was reported that only 35 people were in attendance.
SOURCE: http://www.takemetonaija.com/2017/04/checkout-ten-nigerian-celebrities-who.html
The post Secret Marriages Of Nigerian Celebrities You Don't Know appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
The NBA is the role model for sports leagues around the nation and the world. Now more than ever, the league possesses incredibly mature, smart, and original star players who are encouraged to show their personalities. Players like LeBron James have come from humble beginnings to become superstars that not only give back, but openly discuss topics outside of the gym. Many players have an open dialogue with fans, create their own side hustles and diminish the idea that they're unreachable to the public. They, just like us, have hobbies, goals, dreams, and aspirations, and we know this because they've allowed us in more than ever before.
Take Damian Lillard, the Portland Trail Blazers star guard who's already released his fourth adidas signature shoe, his second album, and has become one of the most well-respected players in the game today. Coming from Brookfield, a small community in Oakland, Lillard was raised playing basketball on telephone pole backboards and milk crate hoops.
Dame's game was built on a makeshift hoop made out of milk crates he found in his neighborhood of Oakland, CA @NBA2K pic.twitter.com/PXOl7hyEPC — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) September 25, 2017
A two-star high school athlete, Lillard played at Weber State University, a mid-major school not known for it's basketball success. Despite the lack of national awareness at Weber State, Lillard would thrive in Ogden, Utah and play three seasons with the Wildcats, averaging close to 25 points and becoming the Big Sky Player of the Year.
Continue Reading Below
Under Armour's newest connected shoes. Image source: Under Armour.
Under Armour (NYSE: UAA) (NYSE: UA) announced new connected shoes in December, thereby doubling down on connected footwear. These shoes follow an array of new shoes announced in 2016 across multiple categories, all of which are helping Under Armour to gain more footing in this market. With new styles making headway into new markets, Under Armour's expanding footwear opportunity could blow right past the sales forecasts management set last year.
A leg up in the footwear field
Under Armour's newest connected shoes link up to a user's account on Under Armour's MapMyRunmobile app, and are “designed to provide runners with the digital tools needed to understand recovery and ultimately maximize performance,” according to an Under Armour release. The shoes use pre-run tests to give runners insight into muscle fatigue prior to working out. These three new styles are upgrades from similar connected shoes that track a runner's distance, cadence, and other stats that were released as part of Under Armour's connected fitness and wearables push in January.
Bandit 2. Image source: Under Armour.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Basketball and running seem to have been leading footwear sales in 2016, but Under Armour is continuously growing into other types of footwear as well. Among its interesting 2016 footwear releases was the first 3D-printed cross-trainer called the UA Architech, the company's first ever golf shoe which pro golfer Jordan Speith wore during the 2016 Masters Tournament, as well as new styles within baseball, training, fishing, hiking, and various other sports. Under Armour is also growing its more casual-focused styles (including shoes) as part of the new Under Armour Sportswear fashion line.
Aside from connected shoes, running has been an important segment for Under Armour in 2016. The Bandit 2, a relatively inexpensive running shoe that was launched this year, has received high industry ratings. Basketball has been another growth driver for Under Armour in 2016, continuing on with the success of the Curry line following UA-sponsored NBA MVP Steph Curry's own continued success. The recently launched Curry 3.0 shoe has faced questions lately following third-party retailer comments that they haven't been selling as well as earlier versions. The Curry 3.0 was only launched in October, so we'll see in fourth-quarter earnings how well that version has actually sold, but demand for the whole line throughout the year has been high.
The growing footwear opportunity
Within the athletic apparel market, footwear looks to be a growth opportunity. According to analysts atGlobal Market Insights, the athletic footwear market is expected to grow 3% per year on average from 2016 to 2023. That might not seem like a lot, but the market was an estimated $80 billion worldwide in 2015, so that 3% growth represents billions in new sales both from increased unit shipments and higher average prices per shoe.Other than the market itself growing, Under Armour is also chipping away at market share held by industry behemoths like Nike (NYSE: NKE)and Adidas (NASDAQOTH: ADDYY).
The growing market and Under Armour's competitive push to expanding its footwear line bode well for the company. For the first three quarters of 2016, footwear has far outpaced every other category in year-over-year sales growth (save for connected fitness, though that segment makes up just a small slice of Under Armour's total revenue).With all of these new styles announced in 2016, Under Armour's growth potential in this market continues to rise.
Segment Sales, First Nine Months of 2016 Sales, First Nine Months of 2015 Change (YOY) Apparel $2.3 billion $1.9 million 19% Footwear $786 million $511 million 54% Accessories $302 million $250 million 21% Connected fitness $24 million $13million 71% Licensing $62 million $36 million 18% Total $3.52 billion $2.79 billion 26%
Data source: Under Armour Q3 earnings report.
How Under Armour could sprint past its previous sales goal
Under Armour's growth in footwear won't go unchallenged by Nike and Adidas, and each are coming out with new styles and innovations of their own — such as Nike'snew $720 self-lacing shoe, and Adidas' 3D-printed running shoes that launched in December. Still, Under Armour's momentum in this segment looks like it could be on pace to blow past its previous forecast.
When Under Armour forecast last September that it would reach $7.5 billion in sales by 2018, management noted that they expect $1.7 billion of that to be footwear sales, or about 22% of the total. That would be about 2.5 times the $678 million it reported in full year 2015, or about 35% on average each of the next three years.For 2016, expected year-end growth around 50% already far outpaces that previous sales goal, and footwear already makes up 22% of total sales. With so many new styles and a worldwide market that's expanding by billions of dollars per year, Under Armour looks on pace to blow right past that 2018 footwear goal.
10 stocks we like better than Under Armour
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Under Armour wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016
Seth McNew owns shares of Nike, Under Armour (A share), and Under Armour (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nike, Under Armour (A share), and Under Armour (C shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Drake's whopper of a musical screed, the 25-track album Scorpion, appeared on streaming services on Friday. Now the rapper and singer has announced a physical release of the project—on CD. There's no news about a vinyl option for Scorpion, for those of you who have long since abandoned your Discman or upgraded to a car without a 6-disc changer. Amazon lists the Drake double-disc as becoming available on Friday the 13th (July 13). Notably, Drake's last “playlist” release, More Life, did not get a physical release. Today, Beyoncé and Jay-Z also announced that their recent surprise album as The Carters, EVERYTHING IS LOVE, will also be available on CD this month. Read our review of Scorpion here.
Elizabeth Debicki's career reminds me of Uma Thurman's, and not just because both are so tall, and so extravagantly beautiful, that they look like people from the future.
One minute, Debicki was the surprise newcomer, giving a spirited but wry and subtle performance as socialite Jordan Baker in Baz Luhrmann's film version of The Great Gatsby – a big break she describes as “strange and unusual. Many factors contributed to it, mainly Baz, who throws the net out so wide. It was, like, my second audition out of drama school.”
Cinephiles said that she stole the screen from Leonardo DiCaprio and Carey Mulligan. Next, for the rest of us, there she was as Jed in The Night Manager, stealing the screen from the likes of Tom Hiddleston, Olivia Colman and Hugh Laurie. Jed was an archetype in some ways – the bad guy's moll, missing her son, smiling wide, bleak smiles at a malevolent Laurie – but simultaneously unusual, ten warring emotions under every expression, haunting sadness in every gesture.
Now her leading role in The Kettering Incident, which was actually filmed in Tasmania before The Night Manager, feels as natural as casting Judi Dench as M. She plays Anna Macy, who has fetched up as a doctor in London, having left her backwater Tasmanian birthplace 15 years previously, but is now back on home territory. And while it starts with notes of the supernatural – UFOs, disappearances, a dream-like pace – a detective story emerges that will inevitably invite comparisons with Scandi-noir.
“You don't really get the sense of pace, when you're reading something, but I knew it was going to be a slow burn,” she recalls. “I was always doing so much that I didn't really think of it being slow, it was an onslaught for me. It's sort-of like The Killing or The Bridge, in that procedural way, but the characters are interesting enough that you understand it chunk by chunk, peeling until you get to the core.”
In fact, she didn't watch either of those Nordic thrillers until after she'd made The Kettering Incident. “I'm always late for every party, but I'm actually glad this time, because I probably would have been heavily influenced by them – I'm obsessed with The Bridge. Instead, I did my own version of what Anna was, she's quite raw in a way, and she unravels really interestingly.”
The Kettering Incident
She did something similar in The Night Manager, though as performances they couldn't be more different: she created a character you would never have become so attached to on the basis of John le Carré's original novel.
“When we set out to make The Night Manager, we were all very aware that in the book – and John le Carré doesn't mind me saying so, he's said it to me before – Jed was quite lacking in dimension. I just don't think she was his focus. Also, in that genre, women just become a strange projection of male fantasy, they don't seem to think or feel anything; if something ripples their surface, they instantly recover. And you wonder where their soul is, really. I wouldn't know how to play a role like that, I'm more of a mining actress, trying to find what's underneath and bring it out.”
Debicki wasn't mining on her own in trying to bring to Jed a meaningful fragility rather than an expedient vulnerability. “Susanne [Bier, the director] would never have put a female role in a spy show who wasn't multi-dimensional, who didn't have an inner life. It worked with Olivia [Colman, who played Tom Hiddleston's grumpy, pregnant spy-runner, a man in the book] and it felt quite organic while we were doing it.
“But watching it back now, there's this interesting strain through the story, about motherhood, maternal instinct and maternal love, what the meaning of life really is. You need that when you're dealing with a story about the arms race and men killing men, and men looking for meaning. We didn't sit down and say, ‘We've got to make that character interesting,' she just became interesting. It's partly Susanne herself, a woman so full of love and her own secrets, and deeply intelligent.”
The reception to The Night Manager, or more precisely, her role in it, crept up on her as the series progressed, even though many critics had predicted it would become hugely popular. “We were a bit flummoxed, as well as delighted,” she says. “It's an interesting thing with film and TV, you can never judge what the climate is, what the world is doing at that moment, for the show to make that kind of impact.”
She's not naive – one of her first roles was opposite Cate Blanchett and Isabel Huppert in an Australian stage production of Genet's The Maids, which she describes as “the best acting class ever” – but drily calls the rest of The Night Manager cast “a pretty epic line-up of your nearest and dearest national treasures”, and says she's glad that she hadn't seen Broadchurch before they started filming, otherwise she'd have been more intimidated than she already was by Colman. She also shares in our national consensus that Hiddleston is basically perfect.
The Great Gatsby
Her acting trajectory is a formal one, and reads like that of a 1950s starlet. During her degree at the Melbourne College of Arts, she won a bursary for outstanding work in her second year, which she says didn't mean anything, beyond “that it was a scholarship to the final year of school, which is amazing when you can't withdraw 20 dollars from your bank account”.
It meant rather more than that, since it landed her an agent, accelerated her career and showered her on audiences across three continents. “I'm beginning to recognise that how people's careers look from the outside is very different from how they feel on the inside,” she says archly. “For an actor, six months of not working at the start of your career feels like an eternity. That's the thing that rises to the surface for me, when I think of how it began.”
But what makes the Melbourne-raised actress want to live over here? She recently spent time at the National Theatre in David Hare's The Red Barn. “It's a strange thing, being Australian, you feel that you can roam around forever. In London, I felt that anywhere you turned your creative energy, you would be rewarded. Another thing that struck me was how incredible the audiences are. We sold out a play on a Tuesday night. It's two degrees outside, but people will get on a tube and go and see a play on a Tuesday.”
I suspect there are quite a few cities where Debicki could sell out a one-woman mime, outdoors, about the plague. The Kettering Incident requires no such privations; all you need is your sofa and a high tolerance for mystery, luminously drawn.
The Kettering Incident is on tonight at 10pm and 11.10pm on Sky Atlantic
by Mark K. Campbell
The Lady Porcupine volleyball team knew it needed to win the 5-4A rematch against Kennedale to have a shot at the district crown.
The Lady Kats had beaten Springtown (16-8, 6-1) 3 games to 1 back on Sept. 19.
This time, at the SHS gym, the Lady Porcupines battled and took a 5-game thriller, 25-18, 24-26, 25-21, 21-25, 15-13.
That victory drew Springtown even with Kennedale in 5-4A.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - With 15,000 American flags on the Great Lawn, Louisville's Waterfront Park is ready to celebrate America's birthday.
From food to music and activities for children, the event aims to keep people having fun until the fireworks show at 10 p.m.
This year, the performers include The Pimps of Joytime, Carly Johnson and RMLLW2LLZ.
The Catfish Louie Kids Area will be set up near the children's playground. This year they added the WUOL Youth Stage for children. They'll get a chance to make their own instruments and then perform as part of a band. The Kentucky Science Center also will have activities for children pertaining to science, music, art and nature. There's even a petting farm, complete with pony rides.
If you are looking for food, the celebration also includes "upscale festival fare." There's a beer garden and a bourbon bar.
The event opens its doors at 5 p.m. It is free to the public.
For more information about the event, plus a list of items not permitting, click here.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Tow actors who have played Osborne Whitworth – Christian Brassington and Christopher Biggins – had a nice meeting after being introduced by a former Time Lord
Two stars from Poldark past and present met recently – thanks to the ministrations of a former Time Lord.
Advertisement
Yes, Osborne Whitworth met Osborne Whitworth, or at least the two stars who played the repulsive cleric, one in the 1970s (Christopher Biggins) and the other (Christian Brassington) in the modern version. And of course it happened at the theatre.
“This is going to sound awfully sort of name-droppy, but I met him fairly recently with David Tennant,” Brassington tells RadioTimes.com. “We went to see the play Queen Anne. Anyway, Christopher Biggins walks past us and goes a couple of rows in front. So, you know, David sort of nudges me.
“It was like a slight role-reversal. David's obviously always asked for photos from everybody. But at the interval, he chased after Biggins and said, ‘You must take a photo with my friend. He's playing, you know, your character.' So I met him! We had a photograph taken and we had a chat. He was very funny. Yeah, lovely guy.
“We didn't talk about much obviously. He told me that the paper had rung him up and he had said nice things about me. He's very kind. I feel like there's some sort of ownership over those parts, especially with an iconic part like the one we play. But he was very gracious about that. And then he told a very funny story. He stopped and he kind of held on to my forearm and said, ‘I understand you had to put weight on for the role'. And I said, ‘Yeah, I did. Quite a lot.' He said, ‘I didn't have to put any weight on.' And then he roared with laughter and went into the night. It was wonderful. Just exactly what you would imagine. Delightful.”
Biggins are, of course, referring to a RadioTimes.com interview last year in which Brassington revealed that he had to eat 3,500 calories a day to reach the correct body weight to play the rotund character.
This series he had to eat even more – 4,000 calories – but the production team, mindful of the health implications, offered up the service of a nutritionist and a personal trainer.
“The trainer got me doing big weights so I have done it much more healthily this time, but it was much harder putting it on in a healthy way,” he now says.
“When you see series four of Poldark you will see that I am as far away from a professional athlete as anyone could be but I have got a new-found admiration for people who have to eat that amount of food every day; it is really difficult.”
What people do for their craft, eh?
Advertisement
Poldark series 4 is on Sunday nights on BBC1
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). U.S. distance runners Galen Rupp, left front, Jared Ward, center, and Desiree Linden depart after a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runners Atsede Baysa, left, and Lemi Berhanu Hayle, both of Ethiopia, participate in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runner Lemi Berhanu Hayle, of Ethiopia, participates in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runner Atsede Baysa, of Ethiopia, participates in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). U.S. distance runner Meb Keflezighi waves during a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017 in Boston. Keflezighi has said he'll retire after running in Monday's race and the TCS New York City Marathon in November.
By JIMMY GOLENAP Sports Writer
BOSTON (AP) - Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, pulling away from American Galen Rupp with about two miles to go to win in an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds.
Rupp, a three-time Olympian making his Boston debut, was 21 seconds behind and Japan's Suguru Osako was another 30 seconds back. Americans had six of the top 10 finishers in the men's race and two of the top four women.
Kenyan policewoman Edna Kiplagat won the women's race in 2:21:52, needing only one try in Boston to add it to wins in London, New York and Los Angeles. She pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds.
"When I was running, my body was feeling good," said Kiplagat, who was greeted at the finish line by two of her children. "I tried to push more, hard and I saw my (rivals) were not picking up the pace."
American Jordan Hasay, making her debut at the distance, was third and Desi Linden was fourth - the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four.
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in slowed the runners but the strong tailwind was a boost - especially for the wheelchair races.
Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time, outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds. Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women's mark by more than five minutes, winning in 1:28:17.
The winners' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
"The wind is so important," Hug said. "The roads were good. Everything was fantastic today."
Earlier Monday, city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon.
City officials and the families of five people who died in the bombing or its aftermath say there's also a plan to build a separate, larger memorial to victims, survivors and responders.
Pablo Eduardo is a Massachusetts resident and internationally known sculptor. He'll create the memorial markers on Boylston Street where bombs killed three spectators and wounded more than 260 others.
Eduardo said Monday his goal is to "embody the spirit of those we lost and the spirit of the city they loved."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Rick Manning says the Indians need more contributions from their supporting cast to help out Lindor and Ramirez,
More FOX Sports Ohio Videos Jensen says Indians pitching staff needs to find ways to get out of innings Arroyo: ‘It was a victory just get to get out there' Price after Arroyo's start: ‘I anticipate he'll be more crisp next time out' Welsh: Arroyo working on shaking the rust off Seth Jones was pleased with Blue Jackets rookie Gabriel Carlsson enjoyed his NHL debut More FOX Sports Ohio Videos
HAMILTON, New Zealand — Ross Taylor scored his 17th test century to equal the New Zealand record Monday and to put his team fully in control of the second cricket test against the West Indies.
Taylor made an unbeaten 107 to join current captain Kane Williamson and Martin Crowe on the record before New Zealand declared at 291-8, setting the West Indies an unlikely victory target of 444 with two days remaining.
The West Indies, who will have to beat their world record for the highest winning fourth innings score in test cricket — currently 418 against Australia in 2003 — were 30-2 at stumps. Opener Keiran Powell was out for a duck to complete a pair for the match and Shimron Hetmyer fell for 15, seven minutes before stumps on day three.
Captain Kraigg Brathwaite was 13 not out and Shai Hope was on 1, and the West Indies still trailed New Zealand by 414 runs.
Taylor kept up his close competition with Williamson to become the first New Zealander to score 18 test centuries when he reached his hundred Monday from 172 balls. Williamson missed the chance to stretch the record mark when he was out earlier on the third day for 54.
Taylor had also missed an opportunity to equal the record when he was out for 93 in the first innings of the first test at Wellington, where New Zealand won by an innings and 67 runs.
With his innings Monday, Taylor set up New Zealand's declaration late in the day and Williamson achieved his objective by taking two wickets in the short interval of 36 minutes before stumps. Powell was caught at slip by Tim Southee from the bowling of Trent Boult, and Hetmeyer chipped a catch to Neil Wagner at mid-off from Southee's bowling.
“When I started my career I never thought I'd even get to play test cricket let alone get 17 centuries,” Taylor said.
The milestone was more poignant for Taylor because he equaled the mark first set by Crowe, who helped guide him in his test career at times when he struggled to fully realize his potential. Crowe died of cancer last year aged 53.
“The team situation was first and foremost in our minds and it was nice to get out there and get a bit of a score,” Taylor said. “You never want to think a game is safe but to get a lead over 400 is satisfying.”
Taylor said the West Indies made batting difficult with their best bowling performance of the series on Monday and he had a life when he was dropped in the gully on 35.
The determination of the West Indies not to surrender meekly was made evident by a fiery spell of fast bowling by Miguel Cummins immediately after lunch on day three. Cummins allowed his team to win back some ground from New Zealand who had dismissed the tourists for 221 Monday in reply to their first innings of 373, a lead of 152.
He took 2-22 from the six over-spell, dismissing Williamson with a sizzling yorker and removing Henry Nicholls (5) with a superb bouncer. He then unsettled Mitchell Santner with a sustained spell of short pitched bowling, striking the New Zealand allrounder on the helmet.
Before they play football Saturday night in Las Vegas, the UNLV Rebels and the No. 19 San Diego State Aztecs will pause to remember the victims of last weekend's mass shooting on the Strip and honour first-responders.
It's going to be emotional, particularly for players who grew up in Las Vegas.
“Vegas is real small, so a lot of people are connected somehow,” senior defensive tackle Mike Hughes said. “So you somehow know of somebody that may know somebody that was hurt in that situation. So I would say yeah, it's personal.”
The Rebels (2-2, 1-0 Mountain West) will wear black helmets with a large red ribbon decal with “Las Vegas” on them. The Aztecs players will wear red ribbon decals on their helmets.
There are Las Vegas connections with the Aztecs (5-0, 1-0), too. Star running back Rashaad Penny said he reached out to extended family members in Las Vegas, and to the player he replaced as starter, D.J. Pumphrey, the NCAA's all-time rushing leader who grew up there.
“Just hearing about that was very sad,” Penny said. “This game is going to be even bigger. They're going to play with heavy hearts, as they should. Emotions are going to be, again, intense, just like last week's.
“We're all sorry to hear. We're all thinking about them in San Diego,” Penny said. “You never want to be in that situation, just seeing all that stuff. It's sad.”
Some things to know about UNLV hosting the undefeated Aztecs:
GETTING READY
While working through the massacre's aftermath, UNLV coach Tony Sanchez has to keep the Rebels focused on playing the league's dominant team.
“It's our job and it's the job of each and every one of us to get back up and to go back to work and to keep living our lives and to continue to celebrate and to do the things that these acts try to eliminate,” said Sanchez, who coached at Las Vegas' Bishop Gorman High before being hired by the Rebels in December 2014.
“I think that's one of the biggest things we've learned as a nation is when these things happen, we need to grieve and we need to give it time, but we also need to keep living and keep loving and keep doing the things that make this country so great. We can never let that stop and that has to be our combined mission.”
PREGAME
UNLV will honour the victims of the shooting and people who helped in the aftermath.
“While football is just a game, it can also serve as a rallying point of unity and allow all of us to recognize the incredible heroism displayed by so many this week,” athletic director Desiree Reed-Francois said. “We are all extremely proud of our community's response over the last couple of days.”
A full-field flag will be unfurled for the national anthem. The flag is being lent to UNLV by San Diego's Holiday Bowl, with help from the Las Vegas Bowl.
Besides the players wearing ribbon decals on their helmets, both coaching staffs will wear the ribbons and they will be given to fans.
SDSU PERSPECTIVE
A week after beating Northern Illinois 34-28 in a heated, physical matchup, the Aztecs will experience different emotions.
“Obviously, it's a much different week than normal,” coach Rocky Long said. “The tragedy that's happened in Las Vegas has changed the feel of this game. Obviously it's going to be different than what we normally get ready for.”
Long noted that the Rebels started slow “but are getting better and better as they go. They played well last week and we're tied for first in the Western Division of our conference so the winner of this is one up on the other. So the game is important, but it's not nearly as important as everything else that's going on.”
RUNNING BACKS
Penny ranks second nationally at 164.6 yards per game and UNLV junior Lexington Thomas ranks fourth at 142.8. Penny was held to a season-low 107 yards by NIU. He had his right eye gouged by Huskies LB Antonio Jones-Davis and finished the game wearing a visor in his facemask. Penny said his eye is OK and he won't wear the visor against the Rebels. Penny's output was hurt by the absence of senior RG Antonio Rosales, who could miss his second straight game with an ankle injury.
CHASING HISTORY
SDSU is looking for its first 6-0 start since 1975, when it opened 8-0 before losing its final three games. The Aztecs are also eyeing their third straight MWC title and their fans hope they can clinch the Group of Five's bid in a major bowl.
Enjoys Failsafe Travel with SANsymphony
DataCore Software, a leading provider of software-defined storage and hyperconverged infrastructure solutions powered by Adaptive Parallel I/O technology, today announced that its software-defined storage platform, SANsymphony™, has been implemented on the cruise ship fleet of TUI Cruises, a joint venture between German TUI AG and Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., the world's second-largest cruise company. The SANsymphony™ storage platform delivers highly available and high-performance storage capacity for VMware, Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft Exchange. DataCore partner BSH IT Solutions was key to the successful implementation.
“DataCore's scalability in terms of capacity, performance and functionality gives us the flexibility we need to respond to future challenges, whether it is on the single ships or for the entire fleet. In addition, SANsymphony has demonstrated total reliability. We plan to keep expanding our ‘Mein Schiff' fleet, and we will continue to rely on BSH IT Solutions and SANsymphony to sail alongside,” said Matthias Fahrner, director IT Competence Center & Strategy at TUI Cruises.
TUI Cruises offers exclusive routes along the Mediterranean coasts, Canary Islands, the Caribbean and Central America, the Baltic Sea, the Nordic region, Great Britain and Iceland. Other travel areas include the Arabian Gulf, Asia, and North America, departing from New York. The company started with the acquisition of “Mein Schiff 1” in 2009 and “Mein Schiff 6” will be launched in 2017. Two more new ships are already planned and are being manufactured through 2019 at the Meyer Turku shipyard in Finland.
The IT infrastructure for the first five members of the fleet was designed on land by DataCore partner BSH IT Solutions, a part of Allgeier SE, a leading IT service provider with more than 6,000 permanent employees and more than 90 locations in Europe, Asia and America. BSH IT Solutions implemented SANsymphony on board within extremely narrow time frames, managing the platform remotely via its data centers in Germany.
Precise planning, preparation and implementation for each ship took about a year for each new construction project, from the first compatibility test “staging” in Hamburg nine months before the launch, to second “staging” in Turku (Finland) and “sea trials,” to final implementation on board in the tight timeline when the ship is docked.
The entire IT infrastructure on the ships is designed redundantly. Systems are installed in separate fire and water zones, on different decks, and in the data centers located at the bow and stern. DataCore SANsymphony synchronously mirrors data, regardless of the manufacturer, model or technology of the connected storage hardware (disk or SSD), in order to ensure a high level of availability for systems on the ships. While Mein Schiff 2 used an existing HP Bladecenter for the DataCore nodes, Mein Schiff 3 was equipped with a 10GB fibre channel infrastructure, new HP Proliant and HP disk shelf with SAS disk capacity of 20TB for each side. Mein Schiff 4 uses Dell PowerEdge and PowerVault extension for the DataCore nodes. DataCore's hardware-agnostic approach means that new and existing storage hardware can be easily integrated, and its lifespan is extended.
If a section of a data center fails, the other side automatically takes over (transparent auto failover) and resyncs the system when it is restarted (auto failback). The storage environment of Mein Schiff 5 supports four VMware ESXi hosts as well as two Veeam backup servers to back up the 50 virtual machines. Separately from the navigation infrastructure, these run all of the systems needed for the cruise, tourism and administrative operations. In particular, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SQL Server, file services and Active Directory play an important role.
“SANsymphony offers an outstanding price-performance ratio. The numerous integrated technologies helped us successfully migrate the data centers; they solve our current storage challenges and give us a high level of flexibility and investment security for the future,” said Matthias Fahrner.
Benefits at a glance:
High level of availability thanks to synchronous mirroring
Transparent failover
Scalable in terms of capacity, output and performance
Easy to use on site, with worldwide remote management by the partner
See the full case study at http://www.datacore.com/sf-docs/default-source/testimonials/2017-02—case-study—tui-eng.pdf?sfvrsn=0
About TUI Cruises
TUI Cruises, headquartered in Hamburg, was founded in April 2008. The company is a joint venture between TUI AG from Hanover and Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., the world's second largest cruise company. The cruise brand TUI Cruise combines the features of a shipping company and a tour operator under one roof. The first member of the TUI Cruises fleet, Mein Schiff 1, was acquired and put into operation in May 2009. www.tuicruises.com
About DataCore
DataCore is a leading provider of software-defined storage and hyperconverged infrastructure solutions powered by Adaptive Parallel I/O technology, delivering higher performance, greater application workload productivity and cost savings. DataCore leverages the multi-core advances and cost efficiency of off-the-shelf x86 server platforms to overcome the IT industry's biggest problem, the I/O bottleneck. With DataCore, customers enjoy faster application response times and lower costs by making full use of their available computing resources to multiply productivity. The SANsymphony™ software-defined storage product pools diverse storage despite differences and incompatibilities among manufacturers, models, and generations of equipment. The software can span multiple locations and devices to bring them under the control of a common set of enterprise-wide data services for management automation and infrastructure simplification. DataCore Hyper-converged Virtual SAN software provides similar services using the internal or direct-attached storage spread across physical or virtual servers in a cluster.
The company has been privately held since its founding in 1998, and today has more than 10,000 customer sites across the globe. DataCore solutions are also available within turnkey appliances from hardware manufacturers including Lenovo. Visit http://www.datacore.com or call (877) 780-5111 for more information.
Will and Deb Binion speak passionately about their goal to give hope to families across the country. After losing their son Jordan in 2010, the Binions decided that they didn't want another family to suffer the heartbreak they had.
At 17, Jordan, known as Jordie, committed suicide. He had struggled with what at the time his parents thought was depression since he was 15, but had never been given a thorough psychiatric evaluation.
Jordan Binion The Binion family
His parents believe that he might have been suffering from schizophrenia.
Cynthia McFadden has more of this story Tuesday night on "NBC Nightly News With Lester Holt."
“We kept feeling like maybe had somebody come into Jordan's school and talked to him about what mental illness is and what it's not and had actually given him a sense of hope that there was effective treatment available to help him, maybe things would have turned out differently,” said Deb Binion.
The Binions created the Jordan Binion Project to provide resources to others about mental health — especially to high school students — and to work toward reducing the stigma surrounding related issues.
It began with an invitation from one of Jordan's former teachers. Will and Deb went back to his Seattle-area high school to share their family's story.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Family turns tragedy into mental health awareness for teens 2:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One of Jordan's former teachers, Karri Singsaas, said she invited Deb to come speak for several years, "mostly to get some tips on how I could teach differently, or how I could recognize students or be accepting of students more."
And Singsaas said she found that the students were so grateful to have the Binions talk "that they would stay after class to ask questions, and they would ask me to have other people in. And it just really has become powerful.”
The response was overwhelming. The Binions estimate that they have talked to 75,000 high school students in Washington State. They have saved bins of letter from the students who wrote expressing their gratitude, letters like this one:
"I have attempted suicide twice. I have bipolar disorder ... after hearing this presentation I may still struggle, but I now have hope."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Minors can refuse mental health treatment in some U.S. states 3:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The letters often described the difference that it made to have someone come to their school and actually talk about mental illness, said Deb Binion — how they viewed others with mental illness, how they felt about themselves if they had a mental illness. “And I've kept them because they really touch my heart," she said. "In fact, I cry every time I read them.”
But the Binions wanted to reach an even larger audience, and in their research they discovered a mental health literacy curriculum that was being taught in Canada. In 2016, the free lesson plan was introduced at Jordan's school and a few others — and now nearly 100 school districts in Washington State are using it, according to the state Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction.
“We basically went from educating the students to now educating the teachers,” explained Will Binion. “And it is so rewarding at the end of one of those trainings, of 30-plus teachers, for eight-hour periods, knowing that we have now empowered them to increase their mental health literacy.”
Eighty-four percent of the students who took the course improved their mental health knowledge, according to the Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction. And the same study revealed that 66 percent of the students who took the course improved their responses to questions that related to stigmatizing attitudes about mental disorders.
“We just kept hearing over and over from so many kids ... how every student should hear this message, you know? Because it is so empowering and it's real,” said Will Binion.
Students at Jordan's old high school told NBC News that the course has helped remove the stigma of talking about mental illness and has increased their compassion toward kids who are struggling.
“It's immensely important,” said student Aubry Broderick, a senior. “Super-important that you just tell them what's going on, so hopefully they can help you, or you can help them. And so that they can get help later, or you can get help later in life.”
The Binions want to expand their program and say they've already received interest from other states.
“We're just getting started,” said Will Binion. “We're getting started here in the State of Washington, but we want this over the entire nation. We now have an evidence-based, adolescent mental health curriculum that can change the mental health of this nation. And that's huge.”
Tony Binion, Jordan's brother, took what he calls a first step to making a change by running for City Council in Enumclaw, Washington.
“I need to see a need for mental health services, on a small scale,” said Tony Binion. “Even from a town, from a small city, there's help [needed] out there for mental health services, and I want to be that champion.”
Tony wants to progress in politics and build relationships that he hopes will help families.
“One of the main ways you can is by getting involved,” said Tony Binion. “And now that I'm involved, doors are open for me to meet with legislators, to meet with my congressmen, and be heard.”
Asked why she has devoted herself to trying to help other families, Deb Binion said. “I wanted them to know that somebody cared. Somebody cared, and that they weren't alone. There was other people out there that were dealing with things that they're dealing with. “
And, Deb said, helping others has in fact helped her.
"It was really probably the biggest healing factor for me."
That's a sentiment that her husband and oldest son are living by as well.
Amid North Korea's threat of a missile attack against Guam, the U.S. territory's homeland security adviser said Monday there's a 0.000001 percent chance that a missile launched from North Korea would get through the various layers of defense and reach Guam.
Gov. Eddie Baza Calvo said Monday it's business as usual in Guam, with no change of threat levels.
The governor said President Trump and his chief of staff, John Kelly, called him at home, vowing that Guam residents will be defended and protected from any attacks.
Roughly 75 people gathered in Guam's capital city of Hagatna, near the statue of Chief Kepuha, Guam's first Catholic chief, on Monday evening local time to call for peace.
Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images
The Chamorro people (the indigenous people of Guam) and others stood together with peace signs, chanting, "Peace not war -- that's what our island is for," as the sounds of conch shells and horns from motorists filled the air.
Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images
A University of Guam professor from Illinois told ABC News she is fearful of the rhetoric that is being used between North Korean and U.S. leaders. She said she will have to start the first day of school directing her students to a makeshift bunker at the university in the event that sirens begin.
Officials said 30,000 students are returning to school this week.
A Department of Education official said all schools have an emergency response plan and students are trained each month for different kinds of disasters.
Transcript for Tourists trapped in floodwaters rescued by elephants in Nepal
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Football Association has expressed its support for Raheem Sterling after he offered an "honest and heartfelt account" of his reasons for getting a tattoo of an assault rifle.
Sterling recently drew criticism from sections of the media and anti-violence campaigners for his choice to have the likeness of a weapon inked onto his right leg.
In an Instagram post published on Monday, the 23 year-old Manchester City and England player said the image was a tribute to his father, who was shot dead when Sterling was just two years old.
The governing body appears satisfied with the forward's explanation.
"We all support Sterling and acknowledge the honest and heartfelt account he gave," an FA spokesperson said in a statement.
"He and the rest of the squad are focused solely on preparing for the forthcoming World Cup."
In his Instagram post, Sterling said: "When I was two my father died from being gunned down to death.
"I made a promise to myself I would never touch a gun in my lifetime.
"I shoot with my right foot so it has a deeper meaning."
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - A Santa Clara County judge has dismissed a rape charge against former San Francisco 49er Ray McDonald after prosecutors said the woman who made the allegation refused to testify.
Judge David A. Cena dismissed the charge - one count of rape of an intoxicated person - on Monday. Santa Clara County prosecutor Chris Lamiero said in a statement he tried to convince the victim to testify, but she refused.
The woman said she slipped and fell on a pool deck at McDonald's San Jose home in December 2014 and continued to fall after that because of her initial head injury and alcohol consumption. She accused McDonald of carrying her upstairs to his bedroom and sexually assaulting her.
McDonald faced a maximum of eight years in prison.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SANTA MONICA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--The year's biggest competitive Call of Duty® event of the season, the 2018 Call of Duty World League Championship, Presented by PlayStation®4, is headed to Columbus, Ohio, on August 15 – 19. The definitive competition for the best Call of Duty® esports players from around the world will take place at the Nationwide Arena August 17 – 19 and will close a record-setting season, featuring $4.2 million in total prizing. The first two days of competition (August 15 – 16) will be streamed live from the MLG Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005943/en/
Rise Nation: CWL Seattle MVP Pierce "Gunless" Hillman, Tommy "TJHaLy" Haly, Austin "Slasher" Liddicoat, Daniel "Loony" Loza (Photo: Business Wire)
“We're only half-way through the season and already it's been an incredible year for the CWL. Not only are teams competing for over $4 million this season, which has raised the stakes for everyone, but the action at every event has been amazing,” said Rob Kostich, EVP and general manager of Call of Duty, Activision. “The CWL continues to grow and that's thanks to the greatest community of players and fans in the world. We can't wait to see what unfolds as we head to Columbus this August.”
The announcement was made prior to the Grand Final at the CWL Seattle Open where Rise Nation captured the title of CWL Seattle Open champions, after three-days of intense competition. Teams Evil Geniuses, eUnited, and Echo Fox rounded out the top four spots at the CWL Seattle Open, Presented by PlayStation®4, at the CenturyLink Field Event Center in Seattle, Washington.
Players competed in Call of Duty®: WWII on PlayStation®4. Rise Nation will also be immortalized at a future CWL event in the G FUEL Hall of Champions, where championship teams throughout CWL history are celebrated for their achievements within the entrance of Call of Duty World League Global Open events. Rise Nation's Pierce ‘Gunless' Hillman was dominant while helping his team achieve victory in Seattle, earning him the title of ASTRO Gaming CWL MVP of the tournament.
Following their historic Loser's Bracket run at CWL Seattle Open, the Rise Nation roster makes a strong argument to be named the SCUF Gaming Team of the Week, which honors top competitors in the CWL each week.
In addition to the excited crowd, the first-ever Call of Duty World League event in the Pacific Northwest was streamed to fans around the world on MLG.com/CallofDuty and Twitch.tv/CallofDuty, as well as within the in-game Call of Duty®: WWII theater on PlayStation®4.
Here are the final placements for the CWL Seattle Open:
1 st – Rise Nation 2 nd – Evil Geniuses 3 rd – eUnited 4 th – Echo Fox 5 th /6 th – Team Kaliber / Ghost Gaming 7 th /8 th – Red Reserve / Luminosity
The next Global Open event in the Call of Duty® World League calendar brings competitive action back to the Anaheim Convention Center. The CWL Anaheim Open takes place June 15 – 17.
CWL Anaheim Open tickets are available now in multiple varieties, while supplies last. General admission passes for the event are available for $59.99 (plus applicable fees and taxes). A Premium Pass for the event is also available for $89.99 (plus applicable fees and taxes) and includes an event t-shirt and one month of MLG GameBattles Premium. A $299.99 (plus applicable fees and taxes) Prestige Pass is also available and includes an event t-shirt, event jacket, one-hour early entrance to the venue, access to the Prestige Lounge and more. For tickets, visit MLG.com/CWLAnaheim.
Visit CallofDuty.com/esports and follow the Call of Duty World League on Twitter and Instagram for the latest CWL updates. For live broadcasts and Video on Demand, visit MLG.com/CallofDuty.
About Activision Publishing, Inc.
Headquartered in Santa Monica, California, Activision Publishing, Inc. is a leading global producer and publisher of interactive entertainment. Activision maintains operations throughout the world and is a division of Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), an S&P 500 company. More information about Activision and its products can be found on the company's website, www.activision.com or by following @Activision.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements: Information in this press release that involves Activision Publishing's expectations, plans, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements about the expected dates and features of the 2018 Call of Duty World League Championship and the CWL Anaheim Open and the features of the Call of Duty World League, are forward-looking statements, that are not facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause Activision Publishing's actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements set forth in this release include unanticipated product delays and other factors identified in the risk factors sections of Activision Blizzard's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon information available to Activision Publishing and Activision Blizzard as of the date of this release, and neither Activision Publishing nor Activision Blizzard assumes any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements believed to be true when made may ultimately prove to be incorrect. These statements are not guarantees of the future performance of Activision Publishing or Activision Blizzard and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond its control and may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations.
© 2018 Major League Gaming Corp. ACTIVISION, CALL OF DUTY and CALL OF DUTY WWII are trademarks of Activision Publishing, Inc. MAJOR LEAGUE GAMING is a trademark of Major League Gaming Corp. All other trademarks and trade names are the properties of their respective owners.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005943/en/
CONTACT: Call of Duty World League
Xav de Matos
PR Manager
xdematos@mlg.tv
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA OHIO WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT ELECTRONIC GAMES TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS GENERAL SPORTS TEENS CONSUMER SPORTS MEN
SOURCE: Activision Publishing, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:00 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005943/en
Department store chain House Of Fraser has chalked up a rise in full-year profits, but warned trading remains volatile.
The firm, which is owned by Chinese conglomerate Sanpower Group, said pre-tax profits grew from £1.3 million to £3.4 million in the year to January 28.
Online delivered a 16.1% increase in sales and now accounts for over a fifth of the group's total.
Overall revenues were flat at £1.3 billion, while like-for-like sales edged up 0.9% in the period.
However, the group warned the “volatility” it saw last year has continued into 2017.
“The volatility experienced throughout fiscal year 2017 has continued into the current financial year.
“Whilst trading remained subdued in February, as witnessed across the retail sector, the Group saw significant improvement in March,” the group said.
House Of Fraser also said five under-performing brands will be “discontinued” this year, with the focus moving to the most popular ones.
Colin Elliot, House Of Fraser's finance chief, also flagged “continued challenging trading conditions across the retail sector”.
But he added: “To deliver such a strong set of results for the year is a testimony to the resilience of our business model, and credit to the expertise and dedication of the new senior management team.”
House Of Fraser recently opened its first standalone shop in China under a plan to build its brand in the Asian powerhouse.
It is setting up shop in Sanpower Plaza in the commercial zone of Nanjing, capital of Jiangsu province.
Photo
The actress Cynthia Nixon officially jumped into the race for governor of New York on Monday, setting off what promises to be a tumultuous six months as she challenges Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo in this year's Democratic primary.
Ms. Nixon, 51, has never before run for elected office and has chosen a huge undertaking for her first bid: seeking to unseat a two-term incumbent (and son of a three-term governor) who is sitting atop more than $30 million in campaign cash.
“Our leaders are letting us down,” she says in a video posted on Twitter, talking about the inequities in New York spliced between images of her walking on the streets of New York City and taking the subways.
“Something has to change,” she says in the ad. “We want our government to work again, on health care, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore.”
The contest will likely become one of the marquee Democratic primaries in the nation, as Ms. Nixon is widely expected to challenge Mr. Cuomo from the political left.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Cuomo has downplayed the challenge in recent days, though his political operation has busily sought to line up and burnish his progressive credentials.
Roche Holding AG's Genentech said Monday afternoon that the Food and Drug Administration has approved its drug for diabetic retinopathy, a complication of diabetes that can cause blindness. The drug, Lucentis, is the first approved for patients with or without swelling in the back of the eye called diabetic macular edema. Genentech estimates that diabetic retinopathy affects nearly 7.7 million Americans, and said the condition is the leading cause of blindness among adults ages 20 to 74. Roche shares have surged 9.4% over the last three months, compared with a 3.2% rise in the S&P 500 .
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
DRUMMONDVILLE, Que. — The Transportation Safety Board of Canada said Saturday that it had completed its work at the scene of Thursday's fatal helicopter crash near Drummondville, Que.
Three people died after the Robinson model helicopter crashed and caught fire in a snow-covered field just outside the city, about 110 kilometres northeast of Montreal.
TSB spokesman Alexandre Fournier told The Canadian Press that the field phase of the investigation was over, and the wreck had been removed.
“Investigators have left the site and the wreck has been taken away until it is decided which components will be analyzed at the TSB lab in Ottawa,” he said.
He said there was no new information on what caused the crash, which claimed the lives of the 57-year-old businessman Jean-Claude Mailhot, his 32-year-old daughter Janie, and her friend Nathalie Desrosiers.
Police have said the crash is not believed to have been a criminal act.
The relatives of the Mailhot family released a statement late Friday, in which they thanked the public for their messages of support and expressed their devastation at the tragedy.
“Our father and our sister died in a tragic accident last night,” read the statement signed by Tommy, Vincent and Alexandrine Mailhot. “Words do not suffice to express the desolation and incomprehension that an event like this can bring.”
On Saturday, many in the Lanaudiere region were remembering the victims for their dedication to their families and communities.
The Diocese of Joliette said Jean-Claude Mailhot was an active volunteer for the last 14 years, and had been especially involved in selling tickets to an annual draw.
Desrosiers, for her part, was remembered by a friend as a “luminous” personality and a loving mother who volunteered at her daughter's theatre group.
“She marked everyone who met her with her deep and natural kindness,” said Nathalie Cote, who volunteered with her. “She was really someone with heart.”
Cote said Desrosiers was a “natural leader” who pitched in with the group to be closer to her teenage daughter, Amy.
“To be there with her daughter and to do volunteer work was something she wanted to pass on to her daughter,” she said.
Think back among the most harrowing disasters in recent U.S. history: 9/11, Hurricane Katrina, the Oklahoma City bombing, the Midwest floods of 1993, the Northridge earthquake and Hurricanes Andrew, Harvey and Irma.
Mickey Caison has represented Southern Baptists at each of them.
As national director of Southern Baptist Disaster Relief for most of the past 23 years, Caison has led Baptist volunteers to share the love of Christ during difficult days across the country as well as abroad.
“I had the greatest job in SBC life,” Caison said. “I fell in love with seeing God work in people's lives. I couldn't get away from it. I wanted to be there. It's so powerful to watch.”
Caison officially retired from the North American Mission Board at the end of August, but he is currently in Houston, still serving as part of the Southern Baptist response to Hurricane Harvey. Caison was the last remaining staff member to transition from the former Brotherhood Commission to NAMB when the SBC entity was formed in 1997.
Caison can see roots that led him to SBDR all the way back to his childhood. He remembers as a 5-year-old watching his father's grocery store burn down. As a 12-year-old, he went with his brother-in-law, a police officer, to a wreck where three people were killed and two others were trapped in the car. A few years later, his best friend was killed riding a bicycle in front of his father's business.
“I saw tragedies; I saw horror; I saw grief. As a child, even the deaths of my grandmothers played into that,” Caison said. “As I put all of those things together, I realized God implanted in me a desire … to never be in a position where I couldn't help other people.”
When disaster relief came along, “it was only a natural fit,” providing a unique context for sharing Jesus Christ. “He's ultimately the greatest hope, the only hope we have.”
Caison, then a South Carolina pastor, first became aware of SBDR while attending the 1986 Southern Baptist Convention in Atlanta and going through a mobile DR unit set up by Alabama Baptists.
But it wasn't until three years later that Caison saw firsthand the impact Southern Baptists have in disaster situations. He had been working with local emergency services when Hurricane Hugo hit the area. After seeing the extent of the damage, Caison called the South Carolina Baptist Convention and told them his community needed help. Trucks were already on the way.
For nine months, SBDR volunteers served Caison's community and helped get people back on their feet. His church and the local fire department fed and housed the volunteers. The church raised about $260,000 to help local families impacted by the disaster.
“We fell into that opportunity to care and love on people beyond the physical, even into the spiritual realm,” Caison said. “God showed me up close and personal what can happen when you tie the command to ‘go and make disciples' with the command to care for people.”
Caison was hooked. His church worked with the South Carolina Baptist Convention to create the first feeding unit in the state. Caison and a team from his church took the feeding unit to Florida in August 1992 to help with the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew. Though they initially planned to serve 1,500 meals a day, the team stayed in Florida for six weeks and served 15,000 meals a day.
In 1994, after leading several disaster responses when fulltime staff weren't available, the SBC Brotherhood Commission asked Caison to become SBDR national director.
Caison oversaw one of the most significant innovations in disaster relief a few years later when SBDR began deploying chaplains during 9/11. Caison had seen the value of chaplains during the Southern Baptist response to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, as Baptist chaplains in the police department and Federal Bureau of Investigation had responded powerfully to the spiritual needs in the aftermath. When 9/11 hit, Caison called Sam Porter, then-director of Oklahoma Baptist Disaster Relief and now NAMB's new SBDR national director, and asked him to bring some of the chaplains who had helped at Oklahoma City.
“I saw those chaplains walking the streets in downtown Manhattan, going up to those makeshift memorials, and being in the morgue and at Ground Zero with the cops and the firemen and all,” Caison said. “It was so critical for us to have the chaplains with us to deal with the immense spiritual needs that were there. I knew they needed to be a big part of our future.”
Caison also led SBDR's efforts in its largest deployment in history after Hurricane Katrina, as Southern Baptists subsequently served more than 15 million meals in New Orleans and southern Mississippi. SBDR also spent five years helping to rebuild the Gulf Coast after the initial response.
Caison said he has seen God work through volunteers in amazing ways during his 30 years in SBDR. He has seen God use the Southern Baptist response to disasters to change not only the lives of those they're serving, but to transform those who serve as well.
“You know, people say there are no miracles today,” Caison said. “I see them every day as I see what God is doing…. You just have to pay attention. It's gotten to the point that I know it's going to happen. I just praise Him when it happens over and over and over again.”
NAMB president Kevin Ezell said Caison's influence has been remarkable.
“Mickey's contribution to Southern Baptist relief efforts goes beyond measure,” Ezell said. “His role has been pivotal, and we are deeply indebted to him. He put off retirement not once but twice to help us out. Even now, he continues. That's the kind of heart he has for serving.”
After 23 years of denominational service, Caison is asking God for the opportunity to serve as a transitional pastor somewhere in the north Atlanta area.
“As a pastor, I empowered people and that's what I want to try to do again,” Caison said. “I want to serve churches that are in the throes of a crisis and be able to step in and help them work through that crisis and put them on a good footing, so their next pastor can come in and take them to a new level.”
Los Angeles will become the nation's largest city with recreational pot after the City Council voted Wednesday to license sales next year.
After months of debate and political snags, the council approved rules to usher in commercial sales and cultivation set to begin in less than a month under an initiative approved by state voters.
Under the Los Angeles regulations, residential neighborhoods would be largely off-limits to pot businesses, and buffer zones would be set up around schools, libraries and parks.
Marijuana hangs on a line while drying at a growing operation in unincorporated Calaveras County, California on Sept. 29, 2017. Noah Berger / AP file
However, with the new year just weeks away — and the holidays coming — industry experts say it's not clear how many businesses, if any, will be ready to open their doors on Jan. 1 to hordes of anxious customers.
Related: California has approved legal pot, but black market growers thrive
If demand is not satisfied in the legal market then “you are just giving oxygen to the black market we all want to eradicate,” said Adam Spiker, executive director of the Southern California Coalition, a cannabis industry group.
Medical marijuana has been legal in the state for two decades.
The dense set of regulations passed Wednesday dictate where pot can be grown and sold in the new marketplace, along with how businesses will be licensed.
A man rolls a marijuana joint is in San Francisco. Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP file
Businesses that want to participate in the marketplace need local permits before they can apply for state licenses required to operate in 2018.
“As lawmakers we have a responsibility to reasonably regulate this industry in a manner that is safe, inclusive, and practical,” Los Angeles City Council President Herb J. Wesson Jr. said Wednesday.
The state and hundreds of cities are faced with the challenging task of trying to govern the vast, emerging industry with a projected value of $7 billion. Some places have banned all commercial pot activity, while other are embracing it.
California is among 29 states where pot is legal, either for medical or recreational use.
Los Angeles, home to 4 million people, has long been an unruly frontier in the pot industry, where hundreds of illegal dispensaries and cultivators proliferated.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Marijuana black market thrives in California 6:05 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Earlier this year, city voters endorsed another attempt to regulate the local pot businesses, leading to the new rules.
The legal marketplace is seen as a way to impose order, hopefully squeezing out illegal operators while raising a cascade of new taxes for City Hall.
In the background is widespread uncertainty about whether the Trump administration will attempt to intervene in states where marijuana is legal.
And because marijuana is illegal in the eyes of the federal government, many major banks are leery to do business with dispensaries and growers, so much of the business is conducted in cash.
PARIS — Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in her first two matches at the French Open.
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe, who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland Garros.
“Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament,” McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech 6-2, 6-2 in just over an hour on Wednesday.
The 10th-seeded American player, who hasn't gone past the fourth round in her six previous appearances at the tournament, is more cautious. She missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows. She knows getting carried away would be a big mistake.
“That's so sweet, that was nice of him,” Stephens said about McEnroe's tweet. “I mean, I can't predict the future, I don't know. I would love to. We'll see next Saturday.”
There is a very long way to go for Stephens, who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris. She will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy, who has lost only eight games in her first two matches.
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings, including a 6-3, 6-0 rout in Sydney this year on hard court. Stephens does not give too much importance to that result, though, as it came during her post-U.S. Open struggles following a knee injury.
“I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started,” she said.
After winning in New York, Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season. She was beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with her tennis until March when she won the title in Miami.
So for now in Paris, Stephens is just happy to “feel good.”
As for McEnroe's prediction, just wait and see.
Canadian results
The Canadian contingent in the men's singles draw at the French Open is down to one.
Peter Polansky of Thornhill, Ont., dropped a 6-3, 4-6, 6-2, 6-2 decision to Pierre-Hughes Herbert of France in a first-round match that concluded Wednesday. Rain suspended the match after two sets on Tuesday.
The loss leaves No. 24 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill, Ont., as the lone remaining Canadian in singles. Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil lost his first-round match Tuesday.
Shapovalov, 19, will play Germany's Maximilian Marterer in the second round. The match will likely be played Thursday.
Meanwhile, Gabriela Dabrowski of Ottawa is off to a winning start in doubles. The fifth-seeded team of Dabrowski and Yifan Xu of China downed Tessah Andrianjafitrimo and Fiona Ferro of France 6-3, 6-1 in a first-round women's match Wednesday.
Dabrowski and partner Mate Pavic of Croatia are the top-seeded duo in the mixed doubles draw. Dabrowski won the mixed doubles title last year at Roland Garros with Rohan Bopanna of India.
In men's doubles Wednesday, the second-seeded team of Pavic and Austria's Oliver Marach beat Toronto's Adil Shamsadin and Dutch partner Sander Arends 6-2, 6-2, while the 11th-seeded duo Pablo Cuevas of Uruguay and Spain's Marcel Granollers defeated Toronto's Daniel Nestor and Jeremy Chardy of France 7-5, 6-2.
A scheduled double match for Pospisil and partner American Ryan Harrison against Argentina's Federico Delbonis and Benoit Paire of France was postponed until Thursday.
RANCHO CUCAMONGA -- Bradley Pate knows how it feels not to get anything on Valentine's Day.
So this year, the Alta Loma High School senior wanted to make sure the girls at his campus — all 1,178 of them — weren't singled out for not receiving a Valentine's Day gram.
So he bought a colorful array of carnations, and during the lunch hour Tuesday, with the help of friends and family, passed them out to his female classmates.
“I wanted people to know that there's somebody there and that somebody cares,” he said.
Holding a basket full of carnations, Bradley acknowledged he likes to put others before himself.
“When I see other people happy, it makes me feel good,” Bradley said.
Many of the girls shyly walked up to Bradley and asked for a carnation, some posed for a photo with him, while others were giddy as they received the colorful flowers.
Alijah Medina, 15, jokingly told Bradley she wanted to be his best friend after receiving her carnation.
“I thought it was so cool,” she said. “It's really sweet because you never see people like that.”
Some girls walked by saying, “This is so cute.”
Bradley is the youngest of three, but he's always been a compassionate kid, his mother, Deanna Lytle, said Tuesday.
Unfortunately, he was bullied when he was a kid. In response, his family decided to put him in martial arts when he was in the sixth grade. In 2013, Bradley earned his black belt. His mother said along with mastering the physical requirements, the discipline taught him empathy, compassion, sincerity, honesty and dedication.
“I consider him a gift from God. Bradley will give blankets to the homeless. He keeps them in his car,” she said.
To carry out Operation Carnation, the high school senior first went to the flower district in downtown Los Angeles where he realized $600 would cover only 400 carnations, not enough for even half his classmates. So he went to the Chino Swap Meet, where he picked up 1,100 carnations Sunday and the remaining 100 stems Tuesday. It came out to a total of $300, he said.
Holding a yellow carnation, Jaylynne Champlin, 15, said she saw Bradley setting up the tent during fourth period.
“I was wondering what it was. I thought we had to buy them,” she said. “Then I get to lunch and they start handing them to everybody. It's so sweet.”
The gesture wasn't lost on his classmates, who thanked him.
“There are a lot of times there are girls who just sit there and watch other girls get stuff and think, ‘One day.' And now today, everybody will be the same,” Jaylynne said.
With their tall conical hats, monkish robes and facial hoods that only show their eyes, the so-called “nazarenos,” or penitents, in Spain's immensely popular Easter processions cut an eerie, and stunning, look as they parade solemnly in silence, or to the beat of drums and wailing bugles.
While no longer the bastion of Roman Catholicism it once was, Spain has lost none of its fervor for religious celebrations, and Easter week is a spectacular example.
For days leading up to Easter Sunday each year, hundreds of colorful processions featuring penitents and magnificently decorated and sculpted religious floats, take place through streets of villages and cities, celebrating the Passion of Christ from the crucifixion to resurrection. The parades, particularly those in Seville and other Andalusian cities, have become major tourist attractions and are televised nationally.
The processions vary greatly depending on the region but common elements are the hooded penitents, some carrying crosses or candles. The hats, which remind some of Klu Klux Klan costumes, are said to date back to the Spanish Inquisition when prisoners were made to wear them in public as a form of humiliation. The faces are covered so as to allow the penitent sinners to hide their identities.
In some processions, the penitents dress as Roman soldiers. In La Rioja region, many wear ankle chains and flagellate themselves while in northeastern Aragon, nazarenos draw their own on beating bass drums for hours on end.
Women traditionally form the backline of the processions, playing the role of mourners but dressed in stylish black dresses and high-heels, elaborately embroidered veils and intricately designed hair combs.
Some of the processions date back hundreds of years and their sculpted tableaux figures of Jesus and the Virgin Mary are considered much appreciated works of art.
The floats are extremely heavy and are carted by 10 or more so-called “costaleros,” normally strong young men who wear protective corsets to avoid injury.
The processions are staged by brotherhoods, or clubs, whose members come from all walks of life and which nowadays often have no religious purpose beyond the processions.
Can we expect to see more of Alex Godman on BBC1?
SPOILERS! Do not read on until you have seen the final episode of series one
McMafia's series one finale certainly leaves room for a second series, with James Norton's Alex Godman ruthlessly destroying his main opponent, Vadim Kalyagin, and establishing his position as a top Mafioso.
Advertisement
Find out whether there's more McMafia in the pipeline, below…
Will there be a series two?
McMafia is a coproduction from the BBC and the US network AMC. According to the BBC, a decision will be made as to whether it will return for another series once the drama has aired in America. It premieres in the US on 26 February.
Watch this space – and in the meantime, have a watch of our interview with Misha Glenny, author of the book McMafia.
LONDON — British aerospace company BAE Systems has agreed to sell 24 Typhoon fighter planes to Qatar as part of a 6 billion pounds ($8 billion) deal with European defence contractors.
British Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson announced the deal after contracts were signed Sunday in Doha, the Qatari capital.
The agreement also includes the sale of Brimstone and Meteor missiles made by MBDA Missile Systems, as well as Raytheon Paveway IV guided bombs manufactured in Britain.
BAE Systems put the value of the Typhoon contract, which includes training and support, at 5 billion pounds. Qatar is the ninth country to purchase the aircraft.
Williamson says the deal is the biggest export agreement for the Typhoon in a decade and “will boost the Qatari military's mission to tackle the challenges we both share in the Middle East.”
All season long, we camped, backpacked, paddle boarded, and hiked our way through the Pacific Northwest to find the best new outdoor gear for the first annual Digital Trends Outdoor Awards. After pushing each contender to the limit, we crowned our favorite products for Cooking, Sleeping, Trekking, Recreation, Unwinding, and a special award for Innovation. And we're giving away one of every winning product, so enter our contest!
With a literal Suburban full of gear to test for the 2017 Digital Trends Outdoor Awards, finding the best ways to unwind wasn't just part of our job, it was necessary to help us recharge.
To kick back, we brought in the latest gear from brands like OtterBox, Miir, and Nemo designed to help people take a proper breather around the campsite. When all was said and done, OtterBox — a tech brand just breaking into the camping gear industry — reigned supreme with its impressive new line of rugged Venture coolers.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Winner
OtterBox Venture 45 cooler
Best known for its Fort Knox-style phone cases, OtterBox's recent pivot into outdoor equipment raised eyebrows. After all, many companies devote their entire existence to creating the best gear for camping; how could a phone case company possibly compete? Well, not only does OtterBox compete, it's crushing.
Designed with the same meticulous engineering as its phone cases, OtterBox's Venture coolers epitomize durability. Over the course of several weeks of testing, it joined us on multi-day rafting trips, weeks spent camping, and the occasional afternoon spent at a park. Through it all, our Venture continued to perform admirably. OtterBox says it's able to keep ice for up to an astounding 14 days, and frankly, our beer never lasted long enough to prove otherwise. Even sitting in direct, 100-degree sunlight for hours, we never experienced a dip in performance.
The Tech: A beast of a cooler, OtterBox's Venture 45 has a tough polypropylene interior and exterior shell that works in conjunction with a two-part polyurethane insulation to lock cold in and heat out. Silicone seals and polycarbonate latches not only help keep it snugly closed but maintain a high level of durability — no awful rope handles to be found here. Each Venture cooler is certified bear-resistant by the Interagency Grizzly Bear Committee (yes, we're serious) when outfitted with OtterBox's Lock Kit. Unfortunately? Gladly? We didn't get to test this certification.
Its sturdy construction allowed it to take a literal beating and come away unscathed. We tossed the thing onto shore from our raft, dropped it from the back of a car, tumbled it down an outdoor staircase, and sat on it around a fire. After all this, and with a little elbow grease, it looks brand new.
The “45” in Venture 45 refers its interior capacity of 45 quarts. While other cooler companies play loose and fast with these capacities, OtterBox lists what its coolers hold — exactly. Because of this, the Venture 45 holds more than some other “45-quart” coolers, and this spacious interior made it easy to access what was inside. A number of handy attachments let you customize the Venture, including a beer opener, expandable table or cutting board, a cup holder, and interior divider.
At $350, the Venture 45 is an investment, but one you expect to cherish for the rest of your beer-drinking life. The Venture's durability, easy-to-use attachments, and consistent performance made it our preferred vehicle for unwinding all summer. Did we mention that it's also bear-proof?
Runners-up
These days, vacuum-sealed and insulated water bottles are a dime a dozen, so if a company really wants to make a mark in the industry, it needs to do something seriously special. Miir rises to the challenge. Its patented Thermo 3D double-wall vacuum insulation technology isn't just a mouthful, it's the company's hallmark. On paper Miir's 32-ounce half growler (dubbed the Howler) touts the ability to keep liquids cold for 24-plus hours — and hot for 12 — so we put this claim to the test. Lo and behold, liquid put into the Howler one morning stayed cold (and carbonated) until evening of the following day. A durable powder coat finish makes it easy to grip and, along with the insulation tech, prevents sweaty condensation. For just shy of $43, Miir's Howler is a campsite companion well worth the dough — especially since money from each purchased product goes toward trackable giving projects.
Why it matters to you With its directional lighting, 1,900 lumens, and five different-colored LEDs, The Orb is the smart light that truly has as many moods as you do.
If you're going to call it “mood lighting,” it ought to be as dynamic as your actual moods, right? And if you don't have just a few settings, why should your lightbulb? Danish company Shade is here to answer that question with a new product launched today on Indiegogo — it's called The Orb, and it's described as a “next-generation smart light that gives its users complete control over intensity, color, and temperature to shape the ambiance within their homes.”
Promising a simple installation process and an intuitive user experience, The Orb just may be the lightbulb you've been waiting for. Whether you're looking to create soft, warm tones with which to start your day, or set up a more work-like lighting environment to help you boost your productivity, you've complete control over your lighting environment with this new smart light.
More: Philips Hue smart light bulbs can warn you about bad air quality
The secret, the team says, lies in the light's “revolutionary use of zones.” The directional lighting The Orb offers lets the lightbulb focus upon and accentuate different parts of a room, creating different light settings. And thanks to its light output of 1,900 lumens, along with its five different-colored LEDs, you ought to be able to create your desired lighting effect, no matter what it is. The Orb comes with six predefined settings that, along with direction, intensity, color and temperature, can be controlled through the companion Shade app.
“At Shade, we want to change our relationship with the simple light bulb. For too long, companies have settled for an idea that hasn't much evolved beyond what Thomas Edison first envisaged all those years ago,” said co-founder Bo Puggaard Hansen, “We've been forced to make do with whatever static lighting we have, adjusting our habits to each room's light, instead of adjusting its light to our needs. We're working tirelessly to share our vision with the world, and are excited to give people complete control of the atmosphere in any room.”
You can pre-order The Orb on Indiegogo at the early bird price of $158, with an expected delivery date of December 2017.
OTTAWA — Two members of the Canadian Forces have been charged with sexually assaulting other military personnel in separate incidents.
National Defence says Cpl. George MacLeod of 36 Combat Engineer Regiment reserve unit in Sydney, N.S., was charged in relation to an alleged incident during a training exercise at Base Gagetown in New Brunswick in August.
The National Investigation Service offered no other details, saying only that the incident involved another member of the Armed Forces.
In a second case, Master Cpl. Maxime Demers of the Canadian Forces Health Services at Canadian Forces Base Borden, is also facing a charge of sexually assaulting another member at a private residence in Halifax in June 2014 when he was posted to HMCS Charlottetown.
The investigation service says the charges could go before military court martials.
Dates and locations for the hearings have not been determined.
The world's most valuable company just keeps getting richer.
Apple posted quarterly revenue of $45.4 billion on Tuesday, beating a Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $44.89 billion. The company's stock jumped more than 6 percent after hours and was trading at a record high of $159.20.
The tech giant sold 41 million iPhones in the last quarter — a healthy showing considering the Cupertino-based company is expected to release a new iPhone in September. Earlier this year, CEO Tim Cook attributed the slowdown in iPhone sales to frequent rumors about what Apple loyalists can expect from the next device.
Apple CEO Tim Cook waves during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, U.S. September 7, 2016. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach
Related: Could Apple's Next Move Finally Kill the Need to Carry Cash?
Sales of iPads also exceeded expectations, marking the first period of growth for the tablet in more than three years. Last quarter, Apple sold 11.42 million iPads.
The all-encompassing services — including Apple Music, iTunes, AppleCare, and the App Store, among others — remained the star of the show with a 22 percent increase in revenue from this time last year.
As for those three "big" and "beautiful" plants President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal Apple allegedly said they would build, Cook dodged an analyst's question during a call on Tuesday. But he reiterated Apple's commitment to job creation.
The earnings report comes ahead of what will be a pivotal quarter for Apple as the company reportedly gears up to launch a new iPhone. Apple has been following a September launch cycle, but this one will be particularly special, marking the 10th anniversary of the flagship device.
Apple, of course isn't, commenting. But revenue projections of $49 billion to $52 billion for the next quarter indicate Apple may have something big in store.
While Apple is remaining characteristically tight-lipped about what the next iPhone will look like, it's expected the new phones will have edge-to-edge displays, competing with the sleek recent releases from Samsung.
Developers have been busy sifting through code — particularly in the recently released firmware for the Home Pod, Apple's smart speaker that goes on sale at the end of this year.
In the code, developers they say they've found hints about what we can expect from the iPhone 8. Steve Troughton-Smith reported on Twitter that the new iPhone will have facial recognition technology. The finding was also confirmed by iOS developer Guilherme Rambo on Twitter.
I can confirm reports that HomePod's firmware reveals the existence of upcoming iPhone's infra-red face unlock in BiometricKit and elsewhere pic.twitter.com/yLsgCx7OTZ — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) July 31, 2017
While Apple may have made a rare misstep in releasing the clues in the Home Pod firmware, it's also worth noting that nothing has yet been confirmed by the company. For that, we're likely going to have to wait until September.
NEW YORK — A pair of teams looking to reverse slides caused by late-inning woes will meet Tuesday night when the New York Mets host the Philadelphia Phillies in the opening game of a three-game series at Citi Field.
Both teams were off Monday after enduring walk-off losses Sunday.
The Mets (7-6) dropped their third straight game when rookie J.T. Riddle hit a two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Miami Marlins to a 4-2 victory.
The Phillies (4-8) lost for the fifth time in six games when Bryce Harper hit a two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth to give the Washington Nationals a 6-4 win.
Each of the Mets' three weekend losses came in the Marlins' final at-bat. Miami catcher J.T. Realmuto hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the bottom of the ninth inning in a 3-2 victory on Friday, and Christian Yelich (two-run blast) and Giancarlo Stanton hit consecutive homers in the eighth inning Saturday to spark a come-from-behind 5-4 win.
The difficult losses didn't dampen the spirit of New York manager Terry Collins, who called a team meeting Sunday to ensure the Mets were as upbeat as he was.
“This is a good team, this is a good baseball team,” Collins told said Sunday afternoon. “We have issues like everybody else, but we're trying to mesh a pitching staff that we've got to be careful with and a bullpen we've got to be careful with. We're going to be OK.”
Phillies manager Pete Mackanin voiced similar sentiments Sunday. Philadelphia also lost Friday's series opener in walk-off fashion, when the Nationals' Daniel Murphy laced an RBI double in the 10th inning to lift Washington to a 3-2 win.
“We're just competing,” Mackanin said Sunday afternoon. “A lot has to do with the pitching.”
Both Collins and Mackanin will have to employ delicate balancing acts again Tuesday, when Mets right-hander Zack Wheeler is scheduled to oppose Phillies right-hander Zach Eflin.
It will be the third start of the season for Wheeler, who earned his first win in more than 2 1/2 years last Wednesday, when he allowed three runs in 5 2/3 innings in the Mets' 5-4 victory over the Phillies at Citizens Bank Park. Wheeler underwent Tommy John surgery in March 2015 and pitched just one minor league inning due to various setbacks last season, so the Mets hope to limit him to 125 innings this year.
Eflin will be making his season debut after sliding into the rotation spot vacated by right-hander Clay Buchholz, who sustained a torn right flexor pronator mass while pitching against the Mets last Tuesday night. Eflin tossed two complete games as a rookie last season but didn't exceed six innings in any of his other nine starts.
Wheeler (1-1, 7.45 ERA) is 3-1 with a 3.25 ERA in six career starts against the Phillies. Eflin took the loss in his lone outing against the Mets last season, when he gave up three runs over six innings in New York's 5-0 win on July 17.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
