KABUL: Afghan President Ashraf Ghani suspended his minister for telecommunications and information technology on Monday while he is investigated over a levy on mobile telephone charges, officials said.
The removal of Communications Minister Abdul Razaq Wahidi adds to a lingering political crisis in Afghanistan, heightened in November when parliament passed no confidence votes against a number of ministers over poor performance and budgetary issues.
Yasin Sameem, a spokesman for the communications ministry, said the decision to suspend Wahidi was taken after an audit into the collection of a 10 percent tax on mobile phone topups imposed in 2015.
He said the president's office, which has declared the fight against graft as a top priority, felt the ministry had not cooperated sufficiently with an investigation into alleged corruption surrounding the levy.
"We are committed to accountability and the minister will wait for the findings of the investigation," Sameem said.
The mobile phone levy, which has raised millions of dollars for government coffers, was imposed as part of efforts to raise domestic tax revenue to make up for a gradual reduction in international donor aid in coming years.
While Wahidi's suspension will not immediately affect the day-to-day functioning of the government, it highlights the difficulties Ghani has had in pushing through major reforms of the economy while fighting the Taliban insurgency.
Ghani ordered ministers removed by parliament to remain in their posts until a Supreme Court ruling on the affair but the standoff underlined the weakness of the national unity government formed after a disputed election in 2014.
(Reporting by Mirwais Harooni; Writing by James Mackenzie; Editing by Alison Williams)
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
This year's Force Friday event is just around the corner. Disney and Lucasfilm are going to unveil all of their new Star Wars merchandise that will tie into Star Wars: The Last Jedi, including the upcoming Captain Phasma novel written by author Delilah S. Dawson. Del Rey recently decided to tease some of what fans can get their hands on, in addition to the Star Wars: Phasma novel on September 1. This includes a double-sided poster that will be available at various retailers that will include the titular Captain Phasma and one of three brand new, mystery characters.
Publisher Del Rey recently showcased the new character posters from the Star Wars: Phasma novel on Twitter, but they declined to provide the names or any real information about the characters. Target is going to have a poster featuring a new female Resistance character, Barnes and Noble will have a red-armored First Order character poster and Wal-Mart will have a completely mysterious character whose connection and allegiances are unclear. However, the synopsis for Star Wars: Phasma likely reveals who these characters are and how they connect to Captain Phasma.
"One of the most cunning and merciless officers of the First Order, Captain Phasma commands the favor of her superiors, the respect of her peers, and the terror of her enemies. But for all her renown, Phasma remains as unknown as the impassive expression on her gleaming chrome helmet. Now, an adversary is bent on unearthing her mysterious origins, and exposing a secret she guards as zealously and ruthlessly as she serves her masters. Deep inside the Battlecruiser Absolution, a captured Resistance spy endures brutal interrogation at the hands of a crimson-armored stormtrooper, Cardinal. But the information he desires has nothing to do with the Resistance or its covert operations against the First Order. What the mysterious stormtrooper wants is Phasma's past, and with it whatever long-buried scandal, treachery, or private demons he can wield against the hated rival who threatens his own power and privilege in the ranks of the First Order. His prisoner has what Cardinal so desperately seeks, but she won't surrender it easily. As she wages a painstaking war of wills with her captor, bargaining for her life in exchange for every precious revelation, the spellbinding chronicle of the inscrutable Phasma unfolds. But this knowledge may prove more than just dangerous once Cardinal possesses it, and once his adversary unleashes the full measure of her fury."
Based on that synopsis, it is pretty clear that the Resistance trooper featured in the Barnes and Noble poster is the stormtrooper named Cardinal who is apparently at-odds with Captain Phasma. The Target poster would appear to be the Resistance fighter that Cardinal is trying to get information from. As for the third poster with the mystery figure? It's hard to say, but given that this novel will reveal some of Phasma's past, it seems likely that this metal-legged warrior will connect to her somehow.
Gwendoline Christie was very underutilized as Captain Phasma in Star Wars: The Force Awakens and it seems like we are going to get quite a bit more of her in Star Wars: The Last Jedi. That's great, but this novel seems like it will be well worth exploring for those who wanted more Phasma in the first place. Be sure to check out the new character posters for yourself below and, if you feel so inclined, head out to one of these retailers on Force Friday on September 1 to scoop up Star Wars: Phasma and one of these posters.
On FORCE FRIDAY there will be 3 editions of PHASMA each w/ an exclusive double-sided character poster. One side features Captain Phasma pic.twitter.com/RwDOjnOZSo — Star Wars Books (@DelReyStarWars) August 11, 2017
Grab an exclusive Resistance character poster in the TARGET edition of #Phasmapic.twitter.com/qSz5S1XEDt — Star Wars Books (@DelReyStarWars) August 11, 2017
Grab this exclusive First Order character poster in the BARNES AND NOBLE edition of #Phasmapic.twitter.com/XPlrCgtuJR — Star Wars Books (@DelReyStarWars) August 11, 2017
The Canadian government has drawn up its list of targets if U.S. President Donald Trump refuses to exempt Canada from steel and aluminum tariffs.
All that is left is for the government to pick which one they want to hit.
READ MORE: Freeland cuts short trip to Washington on NAFTA as deadline for steel tariff exemption looms
Two government sources laid out to Global News how officials plan to respond to any imposition of steep new tariffs by the American president this Friday, when the current exemption extension granted last month is set to run out unless a new one can be secured.
Under those tariffs, foreign imports of steel and aluminum face levies of 25 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively.
Canada first secured a temporary month-long exemption when the tariffs were announced in March, then again in April.
READ MORE: Donald Trump running out of time to deliver promise of revamping NAFTA
Officials have discussed a range of options in preparation for several possible outcomes and will likely not slap immediate retaliatory measures into place.
Instead, the government will make a public announcement of its intention to act shortly after any decision not to continue the exemptions and then head into a series of meetings with relevant ministers and premiers to decide which of their prepared options to implement.
WATCH BELOW: Trudeau: possible U.S. auto tariffs based on flimsy logic
The reason no specific plan is expected to slap into place is that officials are still trying to figure out what will happen next.
Trump could announce a full implementation of the sanctions, another temporary exemption or a permanent exemption.
And despite there being just slightly more than 24 hours until the deadline, it is not clear which option he will pick.
So, Canadian officials want to keep theirs open.
WATCH BELOW: Should Canada demand a permanent exemption from steel tariffs?
The threat of tariffs comes as the pressure to reach a deal on NAFTA intensifies.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland was scheduled to be in Washington on both Tuesday and Wednesday for those negotiations.
However, she cut her trip short and returned to Ottawa on Wednesday morning.
Trump is also now threatening to impose steep new tariffs on imported cars in an attempt to get Canada and Mexico to cave to his demands, and has directed U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to launch an investigation into whether auto imports pose a national security threat.
He has hinted Canada and Mexico could secure more permanent exemptions from his tariffs by capitulating to his demands on NAFTA.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on the other hand, pushed back at those threats as “negotiating tactics” on Tuesday and said Canada would rather have no deal than a bad deal.
REUTERS: Medical marijuana company CanniMed Therapeutics Inc has asked Canadian regulators to intervene as it seeks to prevent a hostile takeover by bigger rival Aurora Cannabis Inc.
Saskatoon, Saskatchewan-based CanniMed said on Monday it asked the Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of Saskatchewan and the Ontario Securities Commission to declare that Aurora's move to take its buyout offer directly to CanniMed shareholders constituted an insider bid.
An insider bid is a takeover offer made by a company insider or their affiliates within a year before the bid. Canadian securities laws demand disclosure, review and approval processes in the event of such a bid to protect minority shareholders.
CanniMed said SaskWorks Venture Fund Inc, Apex Investments LP, Golden Opportunities Fund Inc and Vantage Asset Management Inc - its "locked-up" shareholders - acted jointly with Aurora.
Alberta-based Aurora offered to buy CanniMed last month but CanniMed adopted a plan to prevent shareholders from entering agreements with Aurora, viewing the deal to be "coercive."
"We had hoped to make this a friendly and collaborative process, but Mr. Zettl (CanniMed CEO Brent Zettl) refuses to even pick up the phone or return our calls to have a discussion," Aurora said on Monday in response to CanniMed's move.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Aurora has sought acquisitions to expand in Canada and abroad amid expectations that Canada will soon legalize the production, sale and consumption of recreational marijuana.
Shares of CanniMed, which were down about 1 percent on the Toronto Stock Exchange on Monday morning, have risen 28 percent since Aurora made its offer on Nov. 14.
(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan and Taenaz Shakir in Bengaluru; editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (WOOD) — Nobody celebrates Valentine's Day quite like the Kalamazoo Wings. They held their annual Pink Ice game on Tuesday, also decked out in pink uniforms as they took on the Fort Wayne Komets.
The K-Wings won 3-1.
==Watch game highlights above.==
The Pink Ice game benefits breast cancer research.
—–
Online:
K-Wings
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
North Korea said on Thursday it has released American Otto Warmbier "on humanitarian grounds" after he had been held prisoner for 17 months.
SEOUL: North Korea said on Thursday it had released American citizen Otto Warmbier "on humanitarian grounds" after he had been held prisoner for 17 months.
Warmbier, 22, a University of Virginia student from suburban Cincinnati, was medically evacuated to the United States on Wednesday. His family said he arrived in a state of coma.
The North's KCNA news agency said in a one-sentence dispatch that Warmbier's release followed a court decision on Tuesday. It did not provide other details.
"Under a decision by the DPRK Central Court of June 13, American citizen Otto Warmbier who was serving a sentence of labour was returned on June 13 on humanitarian grounds," KCNA said. DPRK is short for the North's formal name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
His release came after Joseph Yun, the U.S. State Department's special envoy on North Korea, traveled to Pyongyang and demanded Warmbier's release on "humanitarian grounds," capping a flurry of secret diplomatic contacts, a U.S. official said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Warmbier's parents, Fred and Cindy, confirmed their son was on a medevac flight.
Warmbier was detained in January 2016 and sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in March last year for trying to steal an item with a propaganda slogan, according to North Korean media.
Warmbier's family said they were told by North Korean officials, through contacts with American envoys, that Warmbier fell ill from botulism some time after his March 2016 trial and lapsed into a coma after taking a sleeping pill, the Washington Post reported.
The New York Times quoted a senior U.S. official as saying Washington recently received intelligence reports that Warmbier had been repeatedly beaten in custody.
Warmbier's release came as former U.S. basketball star Dennis Rodman arrived in North Korea on Tuesday, returning to the nuclear-armed country where he met leader Kim Jong-un on previous visits.
(Reporting by Soyoung Kim and Jack Kim; Editing by Stephen Coates and Michael Perry)
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – To celebrate Flag Day, about 500 students dressed in red, white and blue marched from PS 54 on Main Street to Forest Lawn Cemetery on Wednesday.
Students heard from veterans during a ceremony at the cemetery and learned more about the history of the U.S. flag.
Sara Hinson, the co-founder of Flag Day, was a teacher and principal in Buffalo in the 1800s. Hinson began Flag Day exercises in 1891 to show Buffalo students how to respect the flag. It caught on across the country, until President Woodrow Wilson officially established Flag Day in 1916.
This year marks the 240th Flag Day.
Students learned valuable information about flags on Wednesday, including what it looks like to retire a flag. They also watched a traditional flag changing ceremony over Hinson's grave.
Greg Johnson, principal of PS 54 Dr. George E. Blackman School of Excellence, said that the event was designed to help students “understand the sacrifice and what goes into the freedom that we enjoy and what our flag stands for.”
“A lot of kids don't necessarily know that so this gives us a chance to showcase that,” Johnson added.
BRASILIA: At least 50 people have been killed in a bloody prison riot in the Amazon jungle city of Manaus, a Brazilian security official told the Globo TV network on Monday.
Sergio Fontes, the head of security for Amazonas state, told Globo he fears that more dead will be found as authorities get a clearer idea of the extent of the rebellion that began late on Sunday, sparked by a fight between rival drug gangs.
International watchdog groups sharply criticise Brazil for its prison system, where overcrowding is the norm and deadly riots routinely break out.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
The Philippines military said it arrested one of the Maute brothers on Thursday, a senior member of the Islamic State-backed militants it is fighting in a southern city.
MARAWI CITY, Philippines: The Philippines military said it arrested one of the Maute brothers on Thursday, a senior member of the Islamic State-backed militants it is fighting in a southern city.
Mohammad Noaim Maute, alias Abu Jadid, was arrested at a checkpoint near the coastal city of Cagayan de Oro just after dawn, said Lt Col Jo-Ar Herrera, a military spokesman.
Two of Mohammad's brothers, Omarkhayam and Abdullah, lead the Maute gang that is at the forefront of a vicious battle with security forces for Marawi City, now in its fourth week. Marawi is about 100 km (60 miles) south of Cagayan de Oro, but it was not clear whether Mohammad was coming from the besieged city.
Most of the other seven Maute brothers, including Omarkhayam and Abdullah, are believed to be in Marawi.
Their parents were taken into custody last week in separate cities.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Brigadier-General Gilbert Gapay, spokesman for the military's Eastern Mindanao Command, said Maute was a suspected bomb-maker for the group. He said Maute was holding a fake student card of the Mindanao State University, based in Marawi, when stopped at the checkpoint. He was not armed.
Local police said Maute, an Arabic language teacher, readily admitted his identity when questioned, adding that he was now being questioned.
(Reporting by Neil Jerome Morales and Manny Mogato; Writing by Raju Gopalakrishnan; Editing by Michael Perry)
Paramount Butcher Shop officially opened its second location in the GTA in the Yonge and Eglinton neighbhourhood, marking its expansion to bring premium-quality Halal meat and Lebanese tradition to midtown Toronto.
Paramount offers guests a wide selection of poultry, deli meats, lamb, veal, goat and beef with a specialization in marinated meats infused with traditional Lebanese flavours. Part of the butcher shop's unique selection is its dry-aged cuts, which are matured in a Himalayan salt wall. In addition to the array of meat products, the butcher shop is stocked with traditional Middle Eastern accompaniments including labneh, dips and specialty condiments, and features a cold bar with ready-to-purchase garnishes.
“We're excited to bring true Halal tradition to Toronto,” says Paramount's founder and CEO, Mohamad Fakih.
Republican pundit Ann Coulter got into a heated debate with a guest at the East Hampton Library's Authors Night while promoting her new book, “In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome!”
Coulter arrived at the event — which also attracted Jessica Seinfeld, Dick Cavett, Dr. Kenneth Mark and “Motherhood Is a B#tch” author Lyss Stern — and declared, “I'm only going to be here 10 minutes,” but between signing copies of her book and talking with fans about their shared support for the president's handling of Kim Jong-un's threats, Coulter ended up staying for the entire event.
BANGKOK: A French tourist was bitten by a crocodile inside a Thai national park as she tried to get close to the fearsome animal to take a selfie, an official said on Monday (Jan 2).
The incident took place on Sunday afternoon in Khao Yai, a popular national park filled with dense jungle hiking trails and waterfalls three hours north of Bangkok.
"She wanted to take a selfie with the crocodile which was lying down near a stream," a park official told AFP, asking not to be named because he did not have the authority to speak to the media.
"It was startled and bit her on the leg."
The official said two crocodiles had made their home on that particular section of the park for years with warning signs laid out.
"I guess she wanted to see it for real," he added.
Local media posted pictures of park rangers dressed in camouflage carrying the 47-year-old victim strapped to a stretcher, a thick bandage wrapped around her knee.
Another shot showed a ranger pointing to a pool of blood close to a sign saying in Thai and English: "Danger Crocodile No Swimming".
The victim was taken to hospital for treatment and is expected to recover.
Siamese crocodiles were once ubiquitous across South East Asia but their populations have been decimated in the last century by hunting and habitat loss.
They are currently listed as critically endangered on the IUCN's red list.
In Thailand there are just a handful of wild populations left in central and western national parks.
Most tourists will only see them in crocodile parks, many of which have been criticised by animal rights groups for controversial feeding practices.
DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen's Houthi group has buried the body of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh in Sanaa, allowing only a handful of relatives to attend, sources from his General People's Congress (GPC) party said on Sunday.
FILE PHOTO Supporters of Yemen's former President Ali Abdullah Saleh stand under a huge poster of Saleh as they rally in his support in Sanaa, Yemen November 7, 2014. REUTERS/Khaled Abdullah/File Photo
Saleh, 75, was killed by the Iran-aligned Houthis on Monday, after he had called for a “new page” in ties with a Saudi-led coalition that his supporters together with the Houthis had fought for nearly three years.
A GPC source, who has asked not to be identified, said the Houthis allowed less than 10 people from Saleh's relatives to attend the night-time burial in the capital Sanaa, but gave no details on the exact location.
GPC Secretary-General Aref al-Zouka, who was killed with Saleh, was buried on Saturday in his native al-Saeed district of Shabwa province in southern Yemen after the Houthis handed over his body to tribal leaders, media and GPC officials said.
Relatives said on Thursday that Saleh's family had refused conditions demanded by the Houthis for handing over the body. Some said they wanted to bury the body in the courtyard of a mosque he had built near the presidential compound in southern Sanaa.
Saleh ruled Yemen for 33 years before being forced to step down in 2012 in a Gulf-brokered transition plan following months of Arab Spring protests demanding democracy.
He remained in politics as the head of the GPC, Yemen's largest political party, and in 2015 he joined forces with the Iran-aligned Houthis after they captured the capital Sanaa in a move that precipitated Saudi-led military intervention on the side of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
Kemp, 48, was a McDonald's All-American in 1988 before being drafted by the Sonics in the first round of the 1989 NBA draft. Over the course of his 14-year career, he racked up 15,347 points and 8,834 assists.
While successful investing can depend on a vast number of factors — not to mention a degree of good fortune — most market participants would agree that having a skilled management team in charge can be vital if a company is to perform consistently well over the long term. Having a great product or service will only take you so far.
In recent years, there have been many examples of companies being turned around or improved by strong management. Both Tesco and Morrisons appear to be on the road to recovery thanks to the efforts of Dave Lewis and David Potts respectively. Under the direction of Mark Wilson, insurer Aviva finally looks like it might be turning a corner.
Sadly, it's not hard to recall plenty of examples of dubious corporate governance. Following revelations over working conditions at its warehouses, Sports Direct managed to alienate many investors during 2016 through engaging in a very public spat with politicians. More recently, both Rolls-Royce and BT have made headlines, with the former agreeing to pay a £671m fine for bribery and the latter revealing an accounting scandal at its operations in Italy.
Just because a company occupies a lofty position in the market doesn't make it immune to setbacks of its own making.
So, what should you be looking for?
Defining a great leader or team isn't as easy as it might sound. Although the vast majority of successful companies are led by highly driven individuals, focusing on the personalities of those in charge isn't always helpful. Steve Jobs reinvigorated Apple and Tim Cooke made it into one of most valuable businesses in the world but their management styles appear very different, as far as we can tell. As a result, it makes sense to concentrate on hard facts.
One thing worth checking is how long a CEO has been in charge. Martin Sorrell has been at the helm of global advertising giant WPP since 1986. Last year, he was ranked second in the Harvard Business Review's list of the world's 100 best performing CEOs based on overall shareholder returns and the increase in market capitalisation over his entire tenure. If you'd bought WPP in 1997, your money would have increased seven-fold, excluding any dividends you may have reinvested.
Despite recent tough times, many would agree that Simon Wolfson has also done a stellar job at Next since arriving in 2001. Shares in the retailer five-bagged from 2001 to 2017. If you'd managed to sell at their peak 18 months ago, you would have multiplied your capital well over nine times, again with dividends excluded. Find the next WPP or Next and your dreams of early retirement may not feel so ambitious.
Even if a CEO is relatively new, this shouldn't stop investors from scrutinising his or her track record. Do they have a history of creating shareholder value? Are there any black marks that cause you to doubt their ability?
Another thing worth checking is just how much ‘skin in the game' management have. You have to question whether a CEO with a relatively insignificant holding in the company will be quite as focused on creating shareholder value as they would be if at least a proportion of their own wealth was at stake. Executive compensation packages that focus more on share awards than bonuses could be an encouraging sign.
Make a million Good management will only get you so far to a million. If you're looking for ways to further enhance the chances of walking away from the stock market after a long and successful investing career, I strongly encourage you to read a special, wealth-creating report from the experts at the Motley Fool. They've identified 10 steps all investors can take to turbocharge their returns. Their report is completely FREE and without obligation. Just click here and it's yours.
The fifth annual Dr. Jen's Hope Ride and Block Party was held Sunday at Cooper's Catering & Banquet Facility in Pittston. All proceeds from the event will benefit the Jennifer A. Sidari, M.D. Fund of the Luzerne Foundation, with all money going toward local charities. Sidari died in 2013, just weeks after graduating from medical school from The Commonwealth Medical College. The 50-plus mile escorted ride started with a blessing of the bikes at 11:45 a.m. and ended with a buffet lunch with local vendors and basket raffles. There was also live music by Sweet Pepper and the Long Hots. The event is supported by Coopers Seafood House, Wyoming Valley Motorcycle Club, Jude F. Sidari M.D. Internal Medicine and many other local businesses.
Unless you've been living under a (rather fabulous) rock, you know that today marks the date for Mumbai's 10th ever Queer Pride March — which means that thousands of LGBT individuals and their straight allies plan to take to the streets, because the government won't take up their (or more importantly, our) cause.
Now, if like me, you plan to show your support and march with your head up high - congratulations! I'll see you on the other side. On the other hand, if you still need some convincing, don't worry, because I've got a personal handbook that tells you exactly why you need to go and make your presence felt.
Why is it important that you go?
Because every person counts — and unless you are dealing with a life-threatening experience or an extreme case of diarrhoea, I see no reason for you not to walk the talk with your friends today. Still looking for a reason not to go, but don't want to sound like a douchebag?
Then here's the Guysexual's guide to lame excuses that just won't cut it anymore:
1. ‘I don't want to go because I don't have anything to wear.'
Actually, you do — it's called your personality. Now go flaunt it fabulously.
2. ‘But it's Saturday!'
Blaming the day is for the week-hearted. Pun intended.
3. ‘I have a date lined up.'
Don't be a drag — drag him to Pride instead.
It's easy on your pockets, and heavy on the charm.
4. ‘But I don't have anyone to go with.'
Ask your sister. Ask your friend. Ask your next door neighbor. Ask your biology teacher (if she's fun). You'll be surprised how many people want to walk with you. And if you don't find anyone else?
Remember that there are hundreds (perhaps thousands) like you out there. Pride is all about celebrating love — so why not celebrate it with some new friends instead?
5. ‘I completely forgot it was today.'
That's surprising, considering you haven't forgotten that Keeping Up With The Kardashians comes back next week.
6. ‘Frankly, my dear, I think it's a bit too much…'
Do you know what's a bit too much for me?
Your attitude.
7. ‘But it's the same time as Sula Fest, and you know how I feel about wine…'
Side note: no ensuing headaches and hangovers involved here. Heartwarming feels, on the other hand?
No crate of Cabernet Sauvignon can ever provide those.
8. ‘Are you crazy? The whole of Grindr is going to be there!'
Of course, it is — but think of it this way — see someone you like?
You don't need to swipe right on them anymore. You just need to go start a conversation.
And years down the line, when you are raising a toast at your wedding, you don't need to lie about meeting each other at Starbucks.
9. ‘Is this all really necessary? Think about the children!'
Actually it's really important BECAUSE you need to think about the children — generations of LGBT men and women have suffered through years of ridicule, slander and discrimination so that the youth (both straight and gay) could live in a more accepting (and acceptable) world.
Now let them go own it.
10. ‘I'd rather support the cause from behind the curtains.'
Unless you are a lawyer who's fighting section 377 at the roots, or a philantrophist who has donated millions to the cause, you aren't doing your bit just by downing shots at the pre-Pride fundraiser. What helps instead?
Putting those shot glasses down, and pulling up those socks instead. See, events like Pride are more than a celebration or a political statement: they are a place where you can connect with the movement, and learn about what small battles are being fought in your corner of the world.
11. "I would have definitely come, but I am heading to Bali for a vacation…”
Instagram might be happy, but I am not.
Vacations will come and go, but city-wide movements will not.
12. 'My dog has a spa appointment…'
Bring him along.
Every pair of feet that marches for Pride make a difference and here, your dog comes equipped with twice the usual number.
13. ‘I really don't have a problem being there, but do people really have to be in my face? Why does everybody have to be so over-the-top?'
The real question is, why do you have to be such an**hole?
14. ‘Why does it have to be in the middle of the afternoon?'
Consult point 13.
15. ‘I don't really think it's my thing.'
Is expressing yourself not your thing? Where else can you wear suspenders, a hat or even a tutu without being judged (sidenote: but not all together)?
Yes, at Pride March. So don't be that person.
Come walk the talk.
Like I said, I'll see you at the finish line.
— Illustration courtesy Amrai Dua
Frederick Breedon/Getty Images
It's no secret who Carrie Underwood is rooting for in the National Hocky League's Stanley Cup playoffs — it's her husband Mike Fisher‘s team, the Nashville Predators, and she had a big surprise for Mike before Monday night's overtime win against the Chicago Blackhawks.
When Fisher, his teammates and the crowd rose for the singing of the national anthem, none other than Carrie stepped out to sing it.
The “Dirty Laundry” singer also showed her support for the Predators by wearing a personal team jersey with her husband's number 12 on it, and nail polish to match the team's colors.
And after performing the song, she even took part in the Predators' signature towel wave.
Carrie was good luck — The Predators pulled off a 3-2 overtime victory against the Blackhawks, bringing them one game closer to advancing in the playoffs.
Carrie also has been cheering Fisher's team during her concerts and on Twitter, writing after their win in game one last Thursday, “My @PredsNHL played like champs tonight! #BlueAndGold #Pekka And boy, was that @mikefisher1212 hot! Great game, guys!”
Following Saturday's win, Carrie wrote, “So proud of our boys tonight!”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Like this: Like Loading...
(Adds details)
JOHANNESBURG, Feb 2 (Reuters) - South Africa's Steinhoff will suspend dividend payouts until after the end of June, it said on Friday, as part of efforts to save money and convince creditors to waive some payments due in coming weeks.
The multinational retailer is fighting for survival after it discovered accounting irregularities in December, sparking a sell-off that has wiped more than $10 billion off its market value.
As part of efforts to persuade lenders back its proposals and waive their rights under its existing European financing arrangements, Steinhoff said it would also likely agree not to undertake any acquisitions or mergers, and cancel any undrawn credit facilities.
“While the company is confident that it will receive sufficient support from its finance providers to obtain these limited waivers, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to reach agreement with its finance providers on acceptable terms or at all,” Steinhoff said.
Steinhoff's top nine banks, with a combined exposure to the retailer of more than 500 million euros, are Commerzbank, Unicredit, Calyon, BNP, JPMorgan, HSBC, Citi, Mizuho and Bank of America.
The company, which has 2 billion euros of its 10.7 billion euro debt maturing this year, said it was still in a position to pay cash interest on its existing debt at a contractual rate, but warned that position remained under constant review.
Steinhoff's accounting problems stretch back to at least the 2015 financial year. It has asked auditors PwC to get to the bottom of the problems.
Separately, the company, which moved its primary share listing from Johannesburg to Frankfurt two years ago, has been under investigation for suspected accounting fraud in Germany since 2015.
It has previously said that investigation relates to whether revenues were booked properly and whether taxable profits were correctly declared. (Reporting by Tiisetso Motsoeneng; Editing by Jason Neely and Mark Potter)
New Delhi: The government has decided to "wait and watch" for the next three-four months before taking a call on disinvestment of national carrier Air India due to prevalent market condition especially high fuel prices, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari said on Wednesday.
The government's proposed stake sale in Air India failed to attract any initial bidder when the deadline for bidding ended on 31 May.
"Market condition is not right for Air India disinvestment now. In view of this we are keeping a wait and watch policy for the next three to four months," Gadkari, who holds multiple portfolios such as road, transport, highways, shipping and water resources, told PTI here.
The minister said given the high fuel prices at present, the viability of the move will be judged before going ahead with the disinvestment process.
Under the Air India disinvestment plans, the government was to sell 76 percent stake in the national carrier along with complete divestment of low-cost arm Air India Express and a 50 percent stake in Air India SATS Airport Services Pvt Ltd -- an equal joint venture with Singapore-based SATS.
Earlier, Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha had said the government was committed to strategic disinvestment of Air India. "What the modalities are, what the circumstances are, we have to monitor and evaluate as we go along," he had said.
At the end of March 2017, the carrier had a debt burden of around Rs 48,877 crore. Of the total amount, Rs 17,360 crore was related to aircraft and Rs 31,517 crore pertained to working capital loans.
In May, Air India's market share stood at 12.8 percent.
No gifts please.
Visitors who plan to visit family members and friends now detained at the Cebu Provincial Rehabilitation and Detention Center (CPDRC) on Christmas Day are discouraged from bringing gifts inside the facility.
Acting Jail Warden Audesti Miguel said the prohibition is expected to deter the entry of contraband into the provincial jail.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The prime concern is on security. We do not want contraband items to get in (the jail) that easily. We're still trying to come up with procedures (on how to implement the no gifts policy) but as much as possible, I suggest the visitors to just bring themselves,” said Miguel.
Miguel said they are also considering the possibility of prohibiting visitors from bringing food inside the jail.
Instead, they are looking at the possibility of making the inmates prepare the meals that they will share with their visitors on December 25 and 26.
Miguel said inmates, through their cooperative that manages the jail's bakery, can spend on the meals that they will prepare.
This way, everyone will get to eat the same meals regardless of their social standing, he said.
“Since inmates have their own capabilities to celebrate, why not celebrate in the true spirit of Christmas wherein there's no distinction between the rich and the poor? They themselves would prepare (their meals) and not require people coming in to visit them to bring something for them,” Miguel said.
The Cebu provincial government and jail officials have declared December 25 and 26 as family day at the provincial jail.
Families and friends are allowed entry into the facility from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. to spend the day with detainees.
Each of the jail's 3, 800 detainees will be allowed three visitors.
Miguel said they are closely working with the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) and the Philippine National Police (PNP) in preparing jail security measures that they will implement then.
Final arrangements will be known during the next department heads meeting at capitol on Monday.
But this early, Miguel's plan already has the support of Cebu Governor Hilario Davide III.
A Good Party (İP) deputy said on Tuesday that they will take responsibility if the ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party) has a problem with its partner in People's Alliance, the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP).
Speaking at a press conference in central Konya province, Fahrettin Yokuş, who was elected as the İP's Konya deputy in the June 24 elections, said that the AK Party does not have a majority in Parliament and has to rely on the MHP.
"However, if they have problem, I cannot say anything about forming an alliance [between AK Party and İP], but we will take responsibility for the well-being of our people," he said. Yokuş added that objecting every proposal of the government without a reason is not a good understanding. He vowed that the İP won't become such an opposition party.
Previously, İP's founding member and former MHP deputy nominee Mehmet Aslan praised President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's election performance. Aslan said that the AK Party is not dependent on the MHP in Parliament and the İP will support the ruling party if they act in the right way.
Film features director's daughter, Lena Dunham.
Mongrel International has picked up world sales rights to Laurie Simmons's rom-com My Art ahead of its North American premiere at Tribeca.
The film features Simmons, Robert Clohessy, John Rothman, Parker Posey, Blair Brown and Simmons' daughter, Lena Dunham.
Simmons plays a single New York artist who finds a new joie de vivre when she house-sits for a friend upstate and becomes romantically entangled. Andrew Fierberg served as producer.
“We're so delighted to be involved with My Art,” Mongrel acquisitions and sales executive Caroline Habib said. “The movie spoke very strongly to our all women team – it's funny, it's warm and it's extremely smart. Laurie gave us, with grace and humor, an honest glimpse into the artistic process.”
“I could not be more excited having Caroline, Charlotte [Mickie, Mongrel International president] and the entire team at Mongrel stand behind our film,” Simmons said.
“To be included in the great catalogue of the films they represent gives our film's entrance into the market a high standard to live up to. My Art enters into the distribution world in the best of hands!”
My Art will receive its North American premiere in the Viewpoints section of Tribeca on April 22.
GENEVA: Switzerland's first insect-based food aimed at humans will go on sale next week following a revision of the country's food safety laws, a supermarket chain said Monday (Aug 14).
Switzerland's second-largest supermarket chain, Coop, announced it would begin selling an insect burger, and insect balls, based on protein-rich mealworm.
The products, made by a Swiss start-up called Essento, will be available in a handful of Coop branches, including in Geneva, Bern and Zurich, as of August 21, according to a statement.
Switzerland is the first European country to authorise the sale of insect-based food items for human consumption, a spokeswoman for the country's food safety authority told AFP.
Swiss food safety laws were changed last May to allow for the sale of food items containing three types of insects: crickets, grasshoppers and mealworms, which are the larval form of the mealworm beetle.
These insects, long used in animal feed, must be bred under strict supervision for four generations before they are considered appropriate for human consumption, according to Swiss law.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Local production will thus take a few months to get started.
In the meantime, imports are possible under strict conditions - the insects must be raised in accordance with the Swiss requirements at a company submitted to inspections by national food safety authorities.
SINGAPORE: It was about four years ago when Mr John Gan* first thought about settling down after seeing his close friends get hitched and start their own families.
But as thoughts of leaving the singles club emerged, the 33-year-old nurse realised that a dwindling social circle stood in his way. Having spent “little time and effort on dating in the past”, the Singaporean decided it was time to change things.
Taking on a proactive approach to make new friends, Mr Gan signed up with dating agencies and also gave free dating apps a go. But the endless swiping of profiles and little opportunities for real-life interaction on the latter proved to be an underwhelming experience and Mr Gan opted to “go aggressive” on speed-dating events organised by local matchmaking agencies.
“I was quite nervous before my first speed-dating event so I went to research what these events are like and read the book ‘Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus' to prepare myself,” he recalled. “After going a few more times, I slowly got the hang of it. It can be tiring and disappointing if you don't meet someone … but if you don't try, you will never succeed.”
Mr Gan is not alone. While dating apps have become an increasingly attractive platform to seek love and friendship, there are still plenty of singles in Singapore who prefer joining a dating agency or enlisting the help of a professional matchmaker.
According to a spokesperson from the Social Development Network (SDN), there has been “continued need and demand for offline dating platforms” even as the growing variety of dating apps and online platforms provide a convenient avenue for tech-savvy and busy singles to connect.
Last year, the number of events organised by the 13 dating agencies accredited by SDN rose 23 per cent to 642, compared with 524 events in 2015. Correspondingly, the event participation rate in 2016 increased by 21 per cent to 15,393 participants from a year ago.
According to local agencies that Channel NewsAsia spoke to, this demand indicates that while mobile-based apps such as Tinder have gaained a tremendous following among the younger generation, they have had limited success in courting singles above 30 years old who tend to prefer offline dating.
DATING OFFLINE
At GaiGai – the matchmaking arm of homegrown dating app Paktor that offers both event-based and one-on-one private dates – the mean age of a member is between 30 and 31 years old, said co-founder Alex Tam. The average Paktor user is 25 years old and below.
In fact, the offline arm was set up two years ago to meet user demands that Paktor – despite its rising popularity – was struggling to meet.
“We noticed there were some Paktor users who have not been very successful. There are those who can't seem to find a match or convert matches into dates, and there are some who are too busy to swipe through profiles… so we thought maybe we could curate this process for these groups of people and turn it into actual dates,” said Mr Tam. GaiGai, which means “going out” in Cantonese, now has a member base of 12,000 people, making it one of the biggest dating agencies locally.
(L to R) Ms Anisa Hassan, managing director of It's Just Lunch Asia,; Mr Alex Tam, co-founder of GaiGai; Ms Michelle Goh, founder of CompleteMe. (Photo: Tang See Kit)
Ms Michelle Goh, founder of events-based agency CompleteMe, described older singles as being more ready to commit and settle down. Hence dating events, which allow for face-to-face interaction, have been viewed as a better way for singles to find like-minded individuals.
“Given that they have to put in the effort to find an event to attend, register, make payment and then dress up for the occasion, these are people who tend to be genuinely looking for someone, rather than having a ‘see see, look look' attitude,” said Ms Goh, who added that the number of active participants for CompleteMe's 150 events annually has “increased steadily to almost 3,000” in 2016.
Over at It's Just Lunch Asia, it is the guarantee of privacy and a human touch in its matchmaking process that have ensured sustained brisk business. According to managing director Anisa Hassan, the agency now has an active member base of 5,000 people and attracts an average of 800 new customers a year.
Apart from singles, the agency also has divorced or widowed clients who are willing to take a second chance at love but remain hesitant about putting themselves out there. “There are more people who are divorced and are stepping forward. They are the ones who want a real person whom they can build a relationship with and are wary of going online,” Ms Hassan said.
The agency, first launched in Singapore 13 years ago and which matchmakes professionals over a meal, also has a concierge-like service which involves Ms Hassan “headhunting” beyond the company's database for the perfect match. For this elite service, the women pay S$5,000 for five dates while the men have to fork out S$10,000 for 10 dates.
“This started in 2014 when some of my male clients approached me to help them date more exclusively. These are managing directors or CEOs who wanted me to go out and be their ears and eyes on the ground… now this is a human-intensive process that dating apps cannot do. While apps are there to disrupt, dating still requires the personal touch. We may be low-tech but we are high-touch.”
A profiling session at dating agency It's Just Lunch. (Photo: Tang See Kit)
STAYING ATTRACTIVE
Some dating agencies have also taken on what it calls an "activity-based approach" to event ideas – a move aimed at wooing singles who remain intimidated by formal dates with strangers and fun-loving twenty-somethings.
“Every time we conduct an event, our main objective is to make it a casual platform for people to meet,” Mr Tam from GaiGai said. While it has held large-group matchmaking events, the agency prides itself on “out-of-the-box” date ideas such as baking or terrarium workshops, hawker food trails where participants follow a designated route on cars provided by Uber and weekend getaways.
“We want to shift away from formal speed-dating events – something that the younger folks don't seem to like. Instead of coming in with the idea of finding a life partner, come to make friends,” Mr Tam added.
CompleteMe, which has made its name in organising speed-dating events for the past seven years, has also introduced board gaming, karaoke and most recently, volunteering sessions to its mix. Such activities can serve as a much-needed distraction and help participants to “be less stressed out about having to impress one another”, Ms Goh said. Thus far, interest in these activity-based events has been strong, with participants mostly in their 20s and early 30s.
Ms Eileen Syn* has gone for several activity-based events, with the most recent being a singles trip to Malaysia, over the past two years and deem them as more enjoyable than speed-dating events. The 30-year-old who works in compliance, first went on speed-dating when she was 21 years old and remembered the sit-down event as being “awkward”.
“I was definitely hesitant at first because you don't know what to expect but I thought I should be open-minded and just try. At least for these events, you get to meet people who most likely have the same interests or hobbies as you and if you don't manage to meet anyone, you can still have fun,” she told Channel NewsAsia.
GaiGai's recent event at the S.E.A Aquarium attracted nearly 200 singles. (Photo: GaiGai)
WOOING TECHNOLOGY: YAY OR NAY
But even so, Ms Syn admits to feeling “jaded” from the dating events and has recently signed up with mobile-based app Coffee Meets Bagel where she has had a few dates with “more like-minded individuals”.
And with online dating platforms here to stay as an alternative, some dating agencies have sought to deal with the challenge of disruption head-on by rolling out their own apps. In the case of Lunch Actually, it has launched LunchClick and e-dating platform eSynchrony.
“When we first started the business, we knew that it wasn't going to be just lunch dating… Our vision from day one was very clear. We wanted to be the most effective dating service (and this) might mean different things for different people. And we also realised that it might change,” co-founder Violet Lim told 938Live's “On The Record”.
“In the last 12 years, the Internet became a lot more pervasive and smartphones did too. We knew we had to move with the times, and we were, and still are very okay to create products or services that might even compete with our own existing products … Businesses are being disrupted every single day. If you still want to be around, you need to constantly innovate and you have to constantly disrupt yourself,” she added.
But while some new ventures have taken off, others have been less of a success.
In 2015, homegrown matchmaking agency Society W launched its own dating app called Blindfold. The app, accredited by SDN, offers a free daily match curated based on a proprietary algorithm. Profile pictures on the app are also blurred to ensure anonymity.
While the free app managed to chalk up five-digit downloads within a year, Ms Tse decided to call it quits last September, citing high costs as one of the key reasons.
“The app was weighing on our cost benefit and it was taking up too much of my time away from my core business of matchmaking,” said the Singaporean who founded Society W in 2011. “We did get quite good traction but there was the realisation that apps require a lot of marketing dollars to take off. If I'm not going to go down the route of massive fundraising then I should just focus on where my strength lies, which is matchmaking.”
But Ms Tse does not regret her venture into the app business, which was a “six-digit” investment. Describing it as a “learning opportunity”, she noted that while dating apps are also in the business of love, a matchmaking agency that ventures into online dating may not necessarily be having the best of both worlds.
“For an app to do well, you would want people to keep coming back but if you are interested in true matchmaking, you want people to pair up and not come back. So I don't think the idea of doing matchmaking and building an app at the same time don't really gel together,” she explained.
For Mr Gan, speed-dating is now a thing of the past after he met the girl of his dreams at an event organised by CompleteMe two years ago. The woman is now his fiancée and the couple has plans to register their marriage later this year.
Looking back on his quest for romance, he said: “If I have to choose, I still prefer a dating agency over an app because you can attend events and you get to see your date in person … I may have liked my (relationship) to be natural like everyone else's, but there's nothing wrong with either method.
“I've been telling my colleagues who are single to give it a try. It's all about individual preferences and if you can't get fish in this pond, you go to another.”
*The names of some dating agency members have been changed or abbreviated as they spoke to Channel NewsAsia on condition of anonymity.
The main problem is that while the company is working hard to unlock value from…
Unfortunately, since the shares peaked at 9p last September, investment returns have proved disappointing because development there has slowed.
In 2016, the company made headlines after testing at its Horse Hill development produced the highest flow rates of any onshore wildcat well in the UK. Then in 2017, canny investors who bought into the story saw the value of their shares rise eight-fold as excitement around Horse Hill grew.
UK Oil & Gas Investments (LSE: UKOG) has undoubtedly been an exciting company to cover over the last few years.
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners. Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails. More information about how The Fool collects, stores, and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
UK Oil & Gas Investments (LSE: UKOG) has undoubtedly been an exciting company to cover over the last few years.
In 2016, the company made headlines after testing at its Horse Hill development produced the highest flow rates of any onshore wildcat well in the UK. Then in 2017, canny investors who bought into the story saw the value of their shares rise eight-fold as excitement around Horse Hill grew.
Unfortunately, since the shares peaked at 9p last September, investment returns have proved disappointing because development there has slowed.
The main problem is that while the company is working hard to unlock value from the so-called Gatwick Gusher, flow testing has been disappointing. As my colleague Alan Oscroft has pointed out, oil is flowing from the wells drilled at decent rates, but only for relatively short periods at a time.
Time for a turnaround?
UKOG has suffered some setbacks, but management isn't giving up just yet. One of the most significant issues the company currently faces is its level of cash burn. Drilling for oil and gas isn't cheap, and the business has been relying on the kindness of investors to keep the lights on while it tries to develop the Horse Hill prospect.
However, I believe that the latest flurry of deals over the past 30 days has put the business in an extremely advantageous position. UKOG has now raised £12.5m since the beginning of June, enough cash to see it into 2019. By this point, we should have more clarity on the firm's production prospects.
And we could have more good news on this front relatively soon. Last week, UKOG said Horse Hill Development Ltd, the operator of the Horse Hill-1 oil discovery, has started planned flow testing operations of each of the Kimmeridge Limestone4 and KL3 oil pools. This “comprehensive long-term production testing campaign will provide the necessary data to fully assess Horse Hill's Portland and Kimmeridge commerciality,” according to chairman Stephen Sanderson.
A lot is depending on the results of these tests. If oil flows as expected, I believe UKOG's share price could really take off as investors buy back into the Horse Hill story. Even though there will still be plenty of work to do to make the prospect commercially viable if the flow testing is a success, proving that the oil in the ground is indeed recoverable should reignite interest from investors. I can see the scent of profits also leading to increased institutional demand.
So, will I be buying UKOG now that the company is on the cusp of a transformational change in fortunes? The answer is, not yet. While I would certainly not write off UKOG as an investment, I believe that at this point the risk/reward balance is off. I'd like to see more concrete evidence that Horse Hill is a viable oil asset before buying into the growth story.
With a comprehensive long-term production testing campaign already underway, it may only be a matter of time before management can provide this confirmation.
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Model 3 Model S Model X Roadster GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
Nine major companies have placed reservations for Tesla's new semi truck, which the automaker plans to start producing in 2019. That is, of course, if the automaker can overcome teething problems in production better than it has with the Model 3. At any rate, Tesla is helping it customers build on-site charging ports at their facilities to accommodate the Semi when it arrives.
Tesla confirmed to Reuters that it's working closely with large customers to build Semi charging stations. Reuters also spoke with some of the customers, and they confirmed the trucks would only travel on routes that would get them back to the home stations before the batteries run low. It remains unclear if Tesla will pay for some, all, or none of the costs related to building the charging stations.
PepsiCo says it may share costs and facilities with other companies. It pre-ordered 100 copies of the truck last year.
Other clients include Wal-Mart, UPS, Sysco Corp, and J.B. Hunt. Loblaw Companies, a Canadian food retailer, pre-ordered 25 Semi trucks and will likely use solar power at its charging stations, a spokeswoman said. Beer company Anheuser-Busch, which put its name down for 40 Semis, may install its own charging equipment at large breweries and other locations.
It's unclear how much the Semi charging stations will cost. But charging stations for electric buses could provide some hints. According to a 2016 report from the California Air Resources Board, a fast charger serving six electric buses can cost $249,000. However, analysts told Reuters that EV charging stations for big trucks could run into the millions of dollars depending on how many rigs they accommodate and the energy source for the electricity, among other factors.
Tesla is reportedly mulling a network of charging stations for heavy-duty trucks, much like the 1,100 “Supercharger” stations it operates around the world to charge up passenger cars. Tesla claims these proposed high-speed DC “Megachargers” would be capable of restoring 400 miles of range in just 30 minutes, and that the units would all be solar-powered. Only time will tell if Tesla is able to amass enough Semi sales to justify building the truck charging stations. If customers only use the Semis for short trips, there may be no need for high-speed charging on the road.
Tesla says the truck can travel up to 500 miles on a single charge at max weight traveling 60 mph. With the help of four electric motors sourced from the Model 3, the Semi should hit 60 mph in 5 seconds unloaded, or 20 seconds when towing. Tesla guarantees the drivetrain to last 1 million miles.
Source: Reuters
A shock defeat has spurred Netherton United on to their best form of the season.
The city side have won all eight competitive fixtures since losing 3-2 at Leverington in the Peterborough Premier Division at the end of September.
Netherton are nicely poised for a title challenge ahead of a big game at rivals Stamford Lions tomorrow (December 9) and they moved into the quarter finals of the PFA Senior Cup with a hard fought 4-2 win at Warboys last weekend.
Manager Jon Harrison has added prolific local striker Karl Gibbs to his squad. He should make his debut at Lions in a game between the teams currently third and fourth in the top flight.
“The shock defeat at Leverington was an eye opener for the lads, “ Harrison admitted. “It showed them no matter how good they believe they are if they don't work harder than their opponents, or don't want it more, they won't win.
“They have a lot more grit now and will fight for each other, and they will have to against Stamford Lions .
“You should take every game as it comes, but the lads have had their eyes on this one since it was rescheduled. I believe they are our main challengers for the title along with Moulton Harrox, so it's important that we get a good result.
“‘Gibbo' should make his debut and Ondre Odain wil be back after illness so we will nearly be at full strength.”
Leaders Moulton Harrox are at Warboys tomorrow, while second-placed Peterborough Sports Reserves are at Leverington. Sports suffered a shock PFA Senior Cup defeat at First Division Peterborough Polonia last weekend.
Premier Division Thorney host First Division Long Sutton Athletic in the last 16 of the PFA Senior Cup tomorrow.
That will leave an all-top flight tie between Whittlesey Athletic and Stamford Lions (December 16) as the only outstanding second round clash.
FIXTURES
Saturday, December 9
PETERBOROUGH LEAGUE
Premier Division: Ketton v Sawtry, Leverington Sports v Peterborough Sports Res, Stamford Lions v Netherton United, Sutton Bridge United v ICA Sports, Warboys Town v Moulton Harrox, Whittlesey Athletic v Holbeach United Res.
PFA Senior Cup: Thorney v Long Sutton Athletic.
A noisy crowd of about 175 protesters gathered in front of N.B. Premier Brian Gallant's office in Dieppe on Monday. They're speaking out against the province's plans to transfer the management of extramural home care and telecare services to Medavie Health Services in January.
President of the NB Coalition for Seniors, Cecile Cassista, said people arrived by bus from as far away as Tracadie.
“They are coming from all over, people from all over and up north are concerned. Anglophone and francophone are coming together to send a message to government that this has to stop,” said Cassista.
READ MORE: N.B. moves extra-mural program, Ambulance New Brunswick to private management
This was the lastest backlash since the province announced Medavie's management takeover of extramural home care and telecare services come the new year.
CUPE union representatives and members, patients, seniors, doctors and nurses were among the crowd.
Lise Ethier works as a nurse at the George L. Dumont Hospital and worked as a liaison nurse for the extramural program until September of this year.
“Many nurses and a lot of other people are leaving the program because they don't want to go under Medavie,” said Ethier.
The province has yet to confirm with Global New how many if any people have left the program.
WATCH: Horizon Health denies crisis situation regarding thoracic surgery in Saint John area
But the head of CUPE that represents EMTs in New Brunswick, Danny Legere, says it's believed that paramedics will be asked to take over some of the home visits now performed by extramural nurses.
“The problem that we have right now is we don't have enough EMTs. Our EMTs are overworked they are working short and it's a really stressful situation for them,” said Legere.
The union is also against the privatization of any public service and was also protesting the provinces possible plans to shift hospital food and cleaning services to Sodexo.
Matt Crossman of Ambulance New Brunswick said in a statement to Global News that there would be no immediate changes for patients or professionals when the switch happens on Jan. 1, 2018.
“This will be a gradual change over time,” he said
“We believe there's an opportunity for increased collaboration between EMP professionals and paramedics. This integrated model will help provide more timely and coordinated care to patients in their communities.”
READ MORE: New Brunswick Liberals accuse opposition of fear-mongering over Medavie Blue Cross deal
Dr. Hebert Dupuis is a family physician in Dieppe and says the non-profit group he represents, Égalité Santé, that speaks for francophone patients' rights, has filed an injunction against the province in an attempt to stop the deal from moving forward
According to Dupuis, that case will be heard in Moncton, N.B. on Dec. 19, 2017.
But at the Atlantic Premier's council in Halifax, Premier Gallant's message to the protesters remained consistent.
“I can reassure them that there is no doubt in our minds that anything that we move forward with is because we want to improve health care we want to improve home care and improve the outcomes that New Brunswickers will get,” said Gallant.
U.S. President Donald Trump waded into the uproar over Roseanne Barr's racist tweet, complaining that an ABC TV executive who apologized for the comments had turned a deaf ear to criticism of him broadcast by the network.
LOS ANGELES: U.S. President Donald Trump waded into the uproar over Roseanne Barr's racist tweet, complaining that an ABC TV executive who apologized for the comments had turned a deaf ear to criticism of him broadcast by the network.
Barr sparked widespread anger with a tweet comparing Valerie Jarrett, an adviser to President Barack Obama, to an ape. Barr wrote in a now-deleted message that if the Islamist political movement "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj."
Advertisement
The tweet led Walt Disney Co's ABC network to cancel its hit revival of her "Roseanne" sitcom, whose popularity Trump has cited as evidence his supporters, who include Barr, want shows that speak to their concerns.
Jarrett said on Tuesday that Disney Chief Executive Bob Iger called her before ABC revealed the show's cancellation.
"Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?" Trump said on Twitter. Trump has been a persistent critic of the news media throughout his campaign and presidency.
Barr blamed her late-night message on the sleep aid Ambien.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible," she wrote in a message that has since been deleted. "I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but...don't defend it please."
Ambien's maker, Sanofi, responded Wednesday.
"People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world," its U.S. arm said on Twitter. "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr said she was tired of "being attacked and belittled more than other comedians who have said worse" and asked for people not to boycott ABC.
Barr, 65, then apologized "for making a bad joke" about Jarrett, who is black and was born in Iran to American parents.
"Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!," Barr said in a tweet late on Tuesday. "I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people, and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet."
Barr's Twitter profile drew supportive comments, with some users saying they believed she had been treated unfairly because of her politics.
Hollywood talent agency ICM on Tuesday dropped Barr as a client. Several networks and the streaming service Hulu said they would no longer rerun her show.
The original "Roseanne" ran from 1988 to 1997, featuring a blue-collar family, the Conners, with overweight parents struggling to get by. It was praised for its realistic portrayal of working-class life.
The current "Roseanne" was ABC's biggest hit of the 2017-2018 season, drawing an average 18.7 million viewers, second only to CBS's "The Big Bang Theory," according to Nielsen data through May 20.
(Reporting by Lisa Richwine and Eric Kelsey; additional reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Scott Malone and Steve Orlofsky)
PARIS: Chinese smartphone maker Huawei managed to gain ground on Samsung and Apple in terms of market share last year, following the problems encountered by the two sector giants, the Gartner consultancy group said on Wednesday (Feb 15).
Over the year as a whole, the Chinese maker saw its sales leap by 26.7 per cent, while the South Korean and US rivals both saw their sales decline by 4.3 per cent, Gartner said in a study.
As result, Huawei was able to increase its share of the smartphone sector to 8.9 per cent in 2016 from 7.3 per cent a year earlier, while Samsung saw its market share shrink by two full percentage points to 20.5 per cent and Apple's contracted to 14.4 per cent from 15.9 per cent.
"Chinese makers succeeded in winning market share over last year and Huawei now seems to be the main rival to the two giants, even if the gap remains large," Gartner analyst Annette Zimmermann told AFP.
Among the other Chinese smartphone makers are OPPO, BBK Communication Equipment (with its One Plus and Vivo brands), ZTE, Xiaomi and Lenovo.
"We're seeing a very real progression compared with earlier years, when the number three maker and the others had struggled to hold on to a market share of more than 4 per cent," Zimmermann said.
"Huawei looks likely to strengthen its position again this year," she added.
In the fourth quarter of 2016 alone, the launch of the iPhone 7 and Samsung's difficulties with its Note 7 model enabled Apple to take top slot in the market with a share of 17.9 per cent or 77 million units sold.
Samsung sold 76.8 million smartphones in the October-December period, giving it a market share of 17.8 per cent, while Huawei sold 40.8 million phones or a market share of 9.5 per cent.
"Preliminary data for the current quarter suggest that Samsung will overtake Apple again. But it's remarkable that Apple can hold on to that sort of share of the market with a closed eco-system," the analyst said.
With regard to the different operating systems, Android, which is used by the large majority of smartphone makers, commands a market share of 81.7 per cent, while Apple's iOS operating system of its iPhones and iPads accounts for 17.9 per cent of the market.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann insists his side were well worth a point from their trip to high-flying Scunthorpe United today (January 2).
An own goal six minutes from time by Scunthorpe defender Charlie Goode delivered a third 1-1 draw of the festive programme for Posh after a tough clash at Glanford Park.
The Posh management team of Grant McCann (right) and Lee Glover before the game at Scunthorpe. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
Josh Morris had shot the home side in front in the final minute of the first-half direct from a free kick.
The draw extended Posh's unbeaten run in all competitions to seven matches ahead of an FA Cup third round tie at Chelsea on Sunday (January 8).
They have, however, dropped to eighth in League One. Scunthorpe remains third.
McCann gave a debut to new striker Junior Morias and included on-loan midfielder Martin Samuelsen from the start, at the start of his second loan spell at Posh.
Posh midfielder Martin Samuelsen takes on a group of Scunthorpe defenders. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
McCann said: “It's a good point against a very good side and we deserved it.
“Scunthorpe were better than us in the first half, but we shaded the second half.
“I tried a new system in the first-half and it didn't really work as we hadn't had long enough to work on it.
“The idea was for Martin Samuelsen and Paul Taylor to drift in and around Junior Morias, but we gave the ball away too cheaply.
“The substitutions we made at half-time helped us. We went with two wide men in Samuelsen and Marcus Maddison and they caused Scunthorpe problems.
“We were crying out for some good balls into the box and Michael Smith supplied it for the goal
“We came here to win the game, but we'll take the point. The lads dug in as they have all season.
“They did okay in the first-half until giving away a stupid free kick on the stroke of half-time. Josh Morris is a threat from that sort of situation and he scored a great goal.
“I felt Junior did well on his debut. He's a strong, aggressive lad who is ready to play at this level.
“We defended well again, but I have to say Chris Forrester gave one of the most complete midfield displays I've seen in a long time.
“He controlled the game from the start.
“Three points from nine is obviously not ideal, but we have lost just one of our last 13 matches so we are in good form.
“We can go to Chelsea now and enjoy it. We will need our tin hats, but we are all looking forward to the tie.”
McCann revealed a new centre-back could sign for Posh in the next couple of days.
Tyrese Gibson has a question for Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson: How you gonna act like that?
Gibson, 39, is furious with Johnson, 45, for delaying “Fast and the Furious 9,” which Deadline reported was pushed back from April 19, 2019, to April 10, 2020.
Johnson instead will co-star with “Fast” alum Jason Statham in a spinoff, set for a July 26, 2019, release.
“#PSA Congratulations to @TheRock and your brother in law aka 7 bucks producing partner @hhgarcia41 for making the fast and the furious franchise about YOU – And like you, DJ even if they call I will not be deleting this post,” Gibson wrote on Instagram on Thursday.
Gibson may have been referencing Johnson's infamous social media shade, reportedly directed at “Fast 8” co-star Vin Diesel, from 2016. Gibson reportedly sided with Diesel in the beef.
“Gn folks see you in 2020 April #FastFamily right? Nah….. it's about #TeamDewayne #3yrs will it be worth the wait? #NoShaw just Hobbs,” Gibson continued. “Will this be another #BayWatch? Guy guys just relax I'm just a passionate film critic.”
He followed with another throwback photo of the “Fast” cast, minus Johnson.
“Diversity, love, multi ethnic worldwide multi generational, United Nations, One Race, Fast Family…… Until Dewayne showed up I guess this whole time he had a problem because he wasn't the ONLY ONE on the movie poster,” he ranted. “I guess dreams do come true congratulations to @hhgarcia41 and @therock you guys are just amazing you really broke up the #FastFamily I tried to warn you guys … You thought I was hating … I was simply fighting to keep the family together what makes us great is when you see us all TOGETHER we don't fly solo … I got 3 years of venting on this clown – They offered but YOU didn't have to agree with a solo #HobbsMovie #OriginalFastFamily we salute you and stand on your shoulders #VinDiesel #PaulWalker #RobCohen#RomanTej were offered a spin off we TURNED IT DOWN!!!”
Gibson didn't voice any vitriol for Statham.
Early Friday, the “Sweet Lady” singer, not content to simply and inexplicably cite the United Nations, even managed to drag Barack Obama's name into the beef.
Gibson reposted a photo of himself, Paul Walker and Diesel, captioning the snap, “Never confuse determination with desperation….. What's understood don't have to be explained … 44 million just got the memo…. Although it appears to be … I've never been in this alone … President Obama's integrity teachings is of a man who makes everyone feel like they MATTER.”
Diesel, 50, captioned his original post “Brotherhood.”
Last month, Gibson publicly begged Johnson to return his calls.
“If you move forward with that #Hobbs Movie you will have purposely ignored the heart to heart moment we had in my sprinter,” Gibson wrote in a series of since-deleted comments on an Instagram photo of Johnson signing paperwork for the spinoff. “I don't wanna hear from you until you remember what we talked about. I'm on your timeline because you're not responding to my text messages – #FastFamily is just that a family … We don't fly solo.
“I have never and will never have a problem with this major movie star he's my brother,” Gibson continued. “I'm simply trying to reach him because he won't call me back about this solo #HobbsMovie I want you to shoot it just not right now cause the #Fast9 release date has already been announced and we can't let our loyal fans #FastFamily or our loyal fast and furious FANS down on any level from pushing the date … This is not a #Rant I'm no Rock #Hater and I don't want this #Life I love my own. I'm doing this for the #FastFamily I'm loyal and I apologize for being loyal but dammit I am.”
Possible 2020 presidential contender Johnson's plate is full for the next two years leading up to the spinoff and “Fast 9”: He's starring in HBO's “Ballers,” is releasing “Jumanji 2: Welcome to the Jungle” in December and is slated to star in 10 more movies between now and 2018.
Gibson, meanwhile, has “Fast 9” and one other project, “Desert Eagle,” announced for 2020, and is currently facing abuse allegations from his ex-wife.
Reps for Gibson and Johnson did not immediately return a request for comment.
Related Video 0:40 The Rock slams an unnamed male 'Fast 8' co-star for their lack of professionalism
The 10th annual FilmOneFest, which showcases super short films (all under two minutes) in the seaside setting of Atlantic Highlands has begun the process of looking for entries for its 2018 festival. Each July, more than 2,500 people gather in the town's marina for this free outdoor event where nearly fifty films are unspooled. Films come from around the nation and over 60 different countries from around the globe have been represented.
The submissions committee is seeking both live action and animation formats in either experimental or traditional narrative forms. “We've found that our audience is open to everything and anything,” said co-organizer and founder, Robert O'Connor, “but they especially love when an artist can tell a story with great characters – all within the confines of a very short film.”
Joan Ellis, one of the festival's judges and The Two River Times film reviewer, adds, “I love seeing the expressions on the crowd's faces when they get a great beginning, middle and end, in less than two minutes! That's no easy task, and the audience always gives a tip of the hat to a director that's up to the challenge!”
This year's FilmOneFest includes its popular FilmYoungFest, which is aimed to throw a spotlight on student filmmakers. Films submitted in this category compete for cash prizes and a chance to be included in a separate FilmYoungFest screening in October. This year's expert panel of judges include movie producer and manager Carol Cuddy; network TV executive Jon Crowley; film critic Joan Ellis; film editor Susan Littenberg; sound editor Gedney Webb and film historian Victor Zak.
This American wife is no more.
“This American Life” radio host Ira Glass filed for divorce Monday from his writer spouse of 16 years, Anaheed Alani.
The pair actually “separated a few years ago,'' Glass revealed in an emotional aside during a broadcast last month.
The split is expected to be amicable, as Glass opted for an “uncontested” proceeding in the Manhattan Supreme Court filing.
Glass and Alani do not have children.
LONDON: Dutch company Jacobs Douwe Egberts (JDE) has offered to buy Malaysian coffee company OldTown Berhad for RM1.47 billion (S$487 million) as the private company looks to further expand its global coffee empire.
JDE, a global coffee and tea business operator, has offered RM3.18 per share for the operator of the OldTown White Coffee chain, which has 232 outlets, mostly in Malaysia, the companies said on Monday (Dec 11).
Owners of 51.45 per cent of OldTown's shares have agreed to tender them in acceptance of the offer, which represents a premium of 10.42 per cent to their last trading price on Thursday, they said.
OldTown's shares were suspended on Friday pending the announcement.
JDE, with brands including Jacobs, Tassimo, Douwe Egberts and Kenco, is part of JAB Holding, which has built up a global coffee business through a string of deals over the past few years.
This would be its second deal in Asia this year, following its acquisition of Singapore-based Super Group.
Advertisement
Advertisement
OldTown was advised by Evercore.
The Denver Broncos ended their eight-game losing streak by shutting out the New York Jets 23-0 on Sunday. This was the first time since they beat the Oakland Raiders in Week 4 the defense could play with a sustained lead. The New York Jets offense was limited to 119 total yards.
On the opening drive, the Broncos marched 62 yards on 12 plays, ending with a Brandon McManus field goal of 31 yards. During the next series, inside linebacker Brandon Marshall created a strip sack against Jets quarterback Josh McCown. Two plays later, Broncos QB Trevor Siemian threw a touchdown pass to receiver Demaryius Thomas, the first time this season the two connected for a score.
During the first half, Siemian completed 11-for-18 passes for 112 yards, incurring one sack. He finished by throwing for 200 yards with eight passes to Thomas for 93 yards, yielding a solid 90.8 passer rating.
Defensive end Shelby Harris added a second Broncos sack. In the third quarter, outside linebacker Von Miller added a third sack. Safety Darian Stewart intercepted McCown, who left in the second half with a hand injury.
Special teams play was consistent. Jordan Taylor as a punt returner performed well with sure hands and smart decision-making. He fielded five punts for an average return of 12.4 yards. His play was a significant upgrade over benched Isaiah McKenzie, who has committed six fumbles on the season. While McManus missed one field goal, he made three overall, including a 53-yarder with 32 seconds before halftime.
While this win hurts the Broncos' 2018 draft position, the club welcomes the end of a long losing streak. The Broncos next play Thursday night against the Indianapolis Colts.
BoI Q4 widening its net loss
MUMBAI: Bank of India announced its audited results for the Q4 and FY 2017-18, following approval by its Board of Directors on May 28, 2018. The Bank's Net Profit stood at (-) Rs. 3,969 crore in Q4 FY 2017-18 as against (-) Rs. 1,046 crore during Q4- 2016-17. The decline in Net profit was due to provisioning for bad debts as well as for treasury (MTM) losses. The Bank's Operating Profit stood at Rs.1,172 crore for Q4 2017-18 as against Rs.3,127 crore for Q4- FY 2016-17. The Bank's operating profits have been impacted by decline in interest income because of rise in NPAs as well as fall in treasury income with respect to last year. The Non-interest Income of the Bank increased sequentially from Rs.1,041 crore in December, 2017 to Rs.1,375 crore in March, 2018, supported by profit from exchange transactions and recovery in written-off accounts.
Senco Gold and Diamonds launches Everlite collection
MUMBAI: Senco Gold and Diamonds, one of the fastest growing jewellery retail chains in the country, launched ten exquisite ranges of lightweight jewellery collection called Everlite. The elegantly crafted new Everlite ranges, from the retail jewellery leader in the east, include: Venus, Lub Dub, Tribe, Mirana, Wood, Shell, Magnificence, Floral, Mismatch and Colors. The Everlite collection comprises a range of rings, pendants, ear rings and sleek necklaces. They are made of gold, diamonds, platinum, white gold and rose gold. The prices range from 7,000 to 50000 INR. The range can be worn by western casuals, formal or ethnic wear.
NEW DELHI: India's top court on Monday prohibited politicians from using religion and caste to garner votes, a verdict that could force political parties to change their strategy in upcoming elections.
"No politician can seek vote in the name of caste, creed or religion," said Chief Justice T.S. Thakur in an order, adding that election process must be a "secular exercise".
India is officially secular but political parties have traditionally used religion and caste as the main criteria to select candidates and to appeal to voters.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has for years fought elections on a Hindu nationalist agenda, with party members in the past being accused of making anti-Muslim statements to polarise Hindu voters.
The court ruling comes just weeks ahead of a state election in Uttar Pradesh, India's most populous state where the two issues of religion and caste generally dominate campaigns.
Results of the election will be important for Modi's expected bid for a second term in 2019.
State elections are also due this year in the states of Punjab, Uttarakhand, Goa and Manipur.
The Supreme Court, ruling on a petition filed by a politician in 1996, wrote in its opinion that the secular ethos of the constitution had to be protected.
The majority view of the seven-judge Supreme Court bench held that elections would be void if a politician made an appeal for votes on the basis of religious sentiment.
(Reporting by Rupam Jain, Suchitra Mohanty, Writing by Rupam Jain, Editing by Tom Lasseter, Robert Birsel)
NEW YORK: It happens like a bolt out of the blue. One minute you're fine, and the next you begin to sweat as crippling cramps move wavelike through your belly. You vomit or have diarrhoea, or both, fearing you won't live to see another day.
And then it goes away. You're back to your old self, maybe after a day or two of binge-watching Netflix and chasing dry crackers with ginger ale.
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates this scenario, known as an “acute gastrointestinal event,” happens to all of us at least once a year. The bouts, while extremely unpleasant, usually don't require a trip to the doctor or any medication.
But such events tend to make us spin our gears trying to pinpoint what made us so miserably sick. While it's hard to know for sure, there are clues that might help you determine the source and reduce your risk in the future.
“People tend to blame the last thing they ate, but it's probably the thing before the last thing they ate,” said Dr Deborah Fisher, a gastroenterologist and associate professor at Duke University School of Medicine.
It takes the stomach about four to six hours to empty a full meal, and then the small intestine takes about six to eight hours to squeeze out all the nutrients and empty into the colon. The remains linger there for another one to three days, fermenting and being formed into what ultimately is flushed down the toilet. So-called bowel transit time varies significantly from person to person, but gastroenterologists said you can easily find out what's normal for you by eating corn and watching for when the indigestible kernels appear in your stool.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Gross, perhaps, but with that baseline, the next time you get sick, you'll be better able to estimate when you might have eaten the offending meal. For example, if you throw up something and don't have diarrhoea or roiling further down, it could be that what made you ill was something you ate within the last four to six hours. If you wake up in the middle of the night with cramps and diarrhoea, it's more likely something you consumed a good 18 to 48 hours earlier, depending on the results of your corn test.
Most food-borne illnesses are caused by viruses or bacteria, such as norovirus, Staphylococcus aureus, campylobacter, salmonella, E. coli and Bacillus cereus.
So in addition to figuring out the correct time frame of consumption, also consider what foods are more likely to be contaminated. Items cited by the CDC and frequently on the US Food and Drug Administration's food recall list include leafy greens, culinary herbs, melons with textured surfaces like cantaloupe, fresh tomatoes, cucumbers, jalapeño peppers, nut butters, shellfish, frozen peas, cheese and ice cream. Also suspicious are any foods left out for several hours, like the classic potato salad at the family picnic or fried rice at a Chinese buffet.
Restaurant food tends to be riskier in general not only because more hands are involved in the preparation, but also because the ingredients are ordered in bulk. “A fast-food hamburger could have meat from a hundred different cows,” said Fisher, and it takes only one with a pathogen to make you sick. “The eggs in your two-egg omelette were poured out of a carton so it could have come from 50 different chickens,” she said.
Similarly suspect are freshly made juices and smoothies that are extracted from pounds and pounds of produce. Just one speck of contaminated dirt in your detox drink could upend your gut. And think of all the hands that necessarily touched the produce from the time it was picked in the field to when it was chopped and crammed into the Vitamix.
Let's not forget about germs on your own hands if you're not diligent about washing them with soap and water (hand sanitisers don't kill some of the bugs that make your stomach sick). Did you eat or otherwise put your fingers in your mouth after gripping the pole on the subway or after throwing a slobbery ball for your dog? Did you put your mobile phone down on the table at a coffee shop — or on top of the toilet-paper dispenser in a public restroom — and then put it up to your mouth to take a call? Germs that make it into your digestive tract don't always come from food.
And sometimes your gut distress isn't caused by a germ at all. It could be an overdose of fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharides, monosaccharides and polyols, known in public health circles as “Fodmaps.” These are essentially carbohydrates that, eaten in excess, are not well absorbed in the small intestine and then make their way into your colon to cause all kinds of trouble. They include myriad things we're encouraged to eat including broccoli, brussels sprouts, radicchio, asparagus, avocados, mushrooms, peaches, whole grains and legumes.
“People are trying to eat so healthy these days, but a lot of those things are high in Fodmaps,” said Dr Scott Gabbard, a gastroenterologist at the Cleveland Clinic. “You could always eat a lot of salad, but on that certain day, that certain combination of fruits and vegetables in your salad was just high enough in Fodmaps that it overrode your system's capability to absorb those carbohydrates and you ended up with something almost like a purging.”
Drugs are also a common source of acute gastrointestinal events. Fisher told the story of an otherwise healthy and active patient who had bouts of GI distress every few months or so. After many tests came back negative, she finally determined it was the ACE inhibitor he was taking to control his blood pressure.
“A side effect of the drug is that it causes swelling in the intestines so he would get these temporary, partial obstructions,” Fisher said. “He would vomit and skip a meal and then the swelling would go down. It went on and on until we took him off that drug and now he's fine.”
Medications used to treat depression, allergies and gastrointestinal reflux can also make you more vulnerable to intense, short-duration attacks of vomiting or diarrhoea, or both. Recreational drugs could also be the culprit. “We're starting to see more cyclic vomiting syndrome called cannabis hyperemesis because THC content of marijuana now is so high,” said Gabbard, referring to the psychoactive component of marijuana.
Finally, there's stress. What's going on in your head has an enormous impact on your gut and vice versa. “The human brain and nervous system is very intimately mixed with another nervous system that is present in the walls of the intestine,” said Dr Santhi Swaroop Vege, a gastroenterologist at the Mayo Clinic. “These nerve fibres, nerves and plexuses are located continuously in the wall of intestine from the oesophagus to rectum.”
So instead of something that you ate, it could be you've swallowed your fear, anxiety, anger or sadness, and it's wreaking havoc on the nerves, chemical secretions and microbiota that keep your bowels operating smoothly. Gastroenterologists as well as psychiatrists said it's not uncommon for acute gastrointestinal events to cease or become less frequent after a patient quits a bad job or leaves a bad relationship. That's why, when making a difficult decision, you might just want to trust your gut.
By Kate Murphy © 2017 The New York Times
'Imagine there are No Countries/ It isn't Hard to Do Nothing to Kill or Die for/And no Religion, too; Imagine all the People Living Life in Peace.'
Released in 1971, John Lennon's Imagine became the best-selling single of Lennon's career as a solo artist. Forty-six years on, Imagine is a peace anthem taught in schools, sung by peace mongers, and musicians especially from the developing nations. The record breaking song inspired people to think beyond their nationality, social class, and most importantly their faith and creed. Because peace is the signature slogan of every religion, and peace is what we all want.
But what do we do in an age where political boundaries cannot be eradicated, where cultural diversity cannot be altered, and where the basic fundamental belief of every religion is love, brotherhood and peace. Should we not overlook our differences and embrace our similarities to live as one united nation?
Monday's blast in the heart of Lahore left us torn apart. But united we are as we mourn the deaths of the many innocents lost during this shrewd brutal attack on humanity. Hundreds of policemen had gathered at Lahore Charing Cross, The Mall to safeguard and protect the representatives of the pharmaceutical industry. For over 12 hours the policemen, always willing to lay down their life for the nation, remained in the line of duty with valour, patriotic pride. It was within a fraction of a second, the location was marked by the blood of the innocent, and among many were the police personnel who embraced martyrdom.
Respect to the media personnel as well, who put their lives at risk every second hour of the day. While it is reported that three media people died on the spot, some others are left struggling for life. Not to forget the workers of the pharmaceutical industry who had gathered for the cause.
While coward acts such as the diabolic attack at Charing Cross might shake and cause some people to question the authorities, or the very purpose of living in this country, let's not forget we are all in it together. The need of the hour is to stand united as one solid nation and defy the blows of the enemy. We need to combat terrorism with peace and love, and that's isn't difficult to do at all. While we expect our security forces to crush the anti-state entities with an iron fist, it is our core duty to promote anti-extremism discourse and inculcate a peaceful narrative among the people, young and old alike.
Elvis Costello in his famous song, What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding?, originally written by Nick Lowe, questions why we all cannot; the powerful and the weak, come together to build peace and spread love. After all, as someone wiser than the wisest said, “Peace is not a season. It is a Way of Life.”
Believers of peace, love and harmony, through their respective fields of work, continue to showcase the resilience of this nation. One example that's worth mentioning here is the ongoing art exhibition I Live Pakistan. Sadly, however, it is tragic events like these that also testify to the solidarity and national unity of this country. We have grown into becoming the most resilient nation in the world. Come what may, nothing can break us. We understand what peace is. We are all overflowing with patriotism. So let's come together and focus on building peace not only for ourselves but for all that's around us with a vow to build a peaceful Pakistan.
The PGA Tour on Monday said it has suspended Australian Mark Hensby for one year for violating the sport's anti-doping policy.
REUTERS: The PGA Tour on Monday said it has suspended Australian Mark Hensby for one year for violating the sport's anti-doping policy.
The 46-year-old had failed to provide a drug testing sample, the PGA said in a statement, adding that it would not be making any additional comments on the suspension.
He will be eligible to return on Oct. 26, 2018, one year after the date of the violation.
The veteran has one PGA Tour win to his name, the 2004 John Deere Classic, to go with a win at the 2005 Scandinavian Masters on the European Tour and three Web.com Tour victories.
The Melbourne native has battled injuries since being hurt in a car accident in 2006 and has undergone three shoulder surgeries.
(Reporting by Rory Carroll, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Advertisement
I am a proud Torontonian who is fiercely connected to my neighbourhood. I've lived in this great region my entire life and for the past 25 years raised my family in the city's east end.
We've made more than one renovation to our house that added value and made it our home. Like many Torontonians, my neighbourhood is a part of my identity.
In the Greater Toronto Area, we celebrate the diversity and uniqueness of our neighbourhoods. They are what make our region great. We value them and recognize the importance of creating livable communities through their development and revitalization.
Increasingly, GTA homeowners are choosing to stay in their neighbourhoods because, like me, they love them. They are renovating rather than selling and creating the home they want in the area they want to live.
Two weeks ago, I wrote about the value of using a RenoMark renovator. There are more than 200 RenoMark renovators in the GTA. All of them agree to abide by the Building Industry and Land Development Association (BILD) Code of Ethics and a renovation specific RenoMark Code of Conduct. They understand the value of customer service, provide warranties and continually educate themselves on trends, materials and new regulations.
When it comes to describing the sensory experience that is Japan, perfection is an understatement. As a city, Tokyo is stylish, steeped in history and delightful by the way of pure finesse in execution. Japanese Zen Buddhism emphasises beauty through simplicity, and is a very apparent trait that is visible in every corner of the city. But at the same time, the metropolis pulsates with vibrant lights, skyscrapers, traditional houses, old temples of worship, pristine parks, breathtaking views, kitsch pop culture and an alluring restaurant and bar scene.
The general aesthetic for minimalism comes through in its unique language of design. This is witnessed not just in its bigger picture, like the city layout and architecture, but also in the subtle details of street signage, flower arrangements, in-room amenities and packaging of banal products. The Japanese craftsmanship is remarkable in almost everything they do—it is all done with great pride and soulful personal dedication to the task at hand.
For a first time visitor, Tokyo can be a bit confusing. It is divided into various districts. Shibuya, for one, is a major commercial and business centre that houses two of the busiest railway stations in the world. It also features Omotesando, a large avenue that boasts the best of Tokyo's architectural prowess with its legion of flagship designer stores. The iconic cult fashion area Harajuku is also situated in this neighbourhood, where one can find all things kitsch- and high street fashion-oriented.
Another major ward, Shinkjuku has hoards of options for entertainment. The polished and glitzy district, Ginza is great for shopping and restaurants and Roppongi, which is situated in the district of Minato, is worth a visit for to experience Tokyo's extensive nightlife and museums.
‘Omotenashi' is the Japanese concept of hospitality, which can be roughly translated to ‘entertaining guests with sincerity and commitment'. It is a wholehearted dedication to guest satisfaction with etiquette and poise, executed to perfection. With hospitality philosophies such as this, it is not hard to find hotels and restaurants which provide exceptional quality of service.
WHERE TO STAY
Aman
Image: Aman.com
A true testament to minimal elegance showcased at its best, The Aman, Tokyo is an epitome of luxury. Its interior design is crafted by Kerry Hill, who was inspired by a traditional Japanese home. The hotel is positioned on the top six floors of the Otemachi Tower, and has breathtaking views of the city, with prices to match. The interiors include subtle aesthetics of stone, paper and wood, providing a soothing ambience. The in-house spa also offers a variety of treatments based on Japanese ingredients and philosophies. Book at Aman.com
Claska
Image: Claska.com
This 20-room boutique hotel's design is created by a mix of architects and designers, and features a unique, modern vibe with authentic motifs. The rooms are spacious, and play with details of dark wood and ethnic crafts in a contemporary flare. Positioned with slightly accessible price points, this hotel also comes with an additional advantage of having the rental of locally made Tokyo bicycles and a crafty fashion design store within its premises. Book at Claska.com
Hoshinoya
Image: Hoshinoyatokyo.com
To experience Tokyo in an authentic, immersive experience, check into the Hoshinoya hotel. This hotel is modelled on the concept of a luxury ryokan—a traditional Japanese inn lined with tatami mats to provide modest accommodation with all the basic amenities. Hoshinoya elevates this philosophy with neutral-toned rooms and an unparalleled spa experience. If you wish to experience the best of Japanese hospitality, this one's a must-visit. Book at Hoshinoyatokyo.com
WHERE TO EAT
It is very hard to have a bad meal in Japan—the quality of the food is simply unmatched to anywhere else in the world. Here are a couple of experiences that are unlike anything else.
Dominique Ansel
Image: Instagram.com/DABJapan
One of New York city's finest chefs and famous creator of the cronut, Dominique Ansel has managed to make his own mark in Tokyo by opening two cafes here. Visit the newest bakery in Ginza which features dishes unique to the café, including the Kokuto Black Sugar DKA—which is a special take on their signature Dominique's Kougin Amann—Square Watermelon Cake and a pull-apart Flower Cookie. Dominiqueanseljapan.com
Fukudaya
Image: Kioicho-fukudaya.jp
Based on the principles of traditional Japanese haute cuisine (Kaiseki Ryori), Fukudaya brings forth an impeccable array of traditional Japanese fine dining. The wait staff are diligent and the simple yet exquisitely crafted dishes are unmatched anywhere else. Although this is one of the more expensive restaurants, it is worth the experience. Kioicho-fukudaya.jp
Ren
This 20-seater 2-star Michelin restaurant emphasises on local flavour and an authentic Japanese menu. The chef chooses the dishes according to what is in season, and provides your tasting with the freshest produce available.
Tsunahachi (Tempura)
Image: Tunahachi.co.jp
Especially for tempura lovers, this Shinjuku spot offers a variety of affordable and perfectly crisp fritters. Also try the potato shochu. Tunahachi.co.jp
WHAT TO DO
Mori Museum
This extraordinary museum in Roppongi hills was founded on the basis of opening a dialogue around society and culture. It is an award-wining space, and is popular tourist spot for the variety of contemporary art it showcases. Mori.art.museum
Picnic in Shinjuku Goyen
Image: Shutterstock.com
With a variation of French, Japanese and English landscape, this national park is a great place to relax and unwind, and is like an oasis in the middle of the city. Situated at a quick five-minute walk from Shinjuku railway station, the Shinjuku park is perfect to energise yourself with a little R and R, and take a break from the bustle of the city.
Nezu Museum
Image: Facebook.com/NezuMuseum
This museum of fine arts and pre-modern artworks has a private art collection curated by Nezu Kaichiro, which was preserved and then established into a museum centre by his son Kaichiro Jr. Here, you can expect to find unusual collections of paintings, calligraphy, sculptures, metalwork, ceramics, lacquerware, wooden and bamboo crafts, textiles, armour and archaeological specimens, among other attractions. Nezu-muse.or.jp/en
Meiji Shrine
Image: Shutterstock
Built in honour of the first emperor of Japan, the Meiji shrine is dedicated to the consecrated spirits of Emperor Meiji and his consort, Empress Shōken. Situated in Yoyogi Park, the shrine is a vast space that encompasses two precincts—the Naien (inner precinct) and the Gaien (outer precinct). While the inner precinct is home to a treasure museum, which holds actual memorabilia of the Emperor and Empress, the outer one has dedicated murals, and is now used as a commercial venue.
WHERE TO SHOP
Chisato Tsumori
Image: Tsumorichisato.com
A fun, contemporary, eclectic designer from Tokyo's famed Bunka Fashion College, Tsumori designs quirky works that are influenced heavily by contemporary art and manga comics, thus adding a distinctive emotive style to his wares. Tsumorichisato.com
Punk Cake
Image:Punk-cake.com
This is a cool little vintage shop in Harajuku that houses shirts, sweaters and dresses from the 80s. The well-curated store perfectly fits the trendy area it is situated in. Punk-cake.com
Minä Perhonen
Image: Mina-perhonen.jp
A local clothing brand by Akira Manigawa, this one incorporates details inspired by Finnish design while still retaining its authentic Japanese essence. The store in the Daikanyama neighbourhood has a terrace location facing the Hillside, making it a lovely place to spend a lazy afternoon in. Mina-perhonen.jp
SACAI
Image: Instagram.com/sacaiofficial/
Chitose Abe created label SACAI after his stint at premium fashion label Comme des Garçons. The SACAI label is sought out by the fashion forward for its clean lines, asymmetrical structures and the use of quality knits. Sacai.jp
Y's
Image: Facebook.com/YsTokyo/
A contemporary prêt off-shoot label by Japan's iconic designer Yojhi Yamamoto, Y's enjoys a major fan following. Yamamoto is considered a master craftsman for his disparate tailoring, cuts and layering capabilities. His understated, avant-garde, androgynous collection features loose fitting and refined silhouettes. Yohjiyamamoto.co.jp
BEST BARS IN TOKYO
Andaz Hotel
Image: Tokyo.andaz.hyatt.com
Designed in the pure Japanese aesthetic of lifestyle and culture, this bar has a long corridor lined with glass that overlooks the city of Tokyo. The décor is sleek and lofty, with accents of wood panelling that highlight the space. The best part is the roof deck with outdoor seating, which makes for the perfect ambience for a drink. The bar also has a dim lit section with low counter tops for tea appreciation. Tokyo.andaz.hyatt.com
Bar Noir
Image: www.noir-tokyo.com/en/
Having been a seasoned hotel bartender, Takeshi Saito is a veteran of creating the perfect cocktail. Bar Noir is an elegant and tranquil space with expert cocktails that can be made to order. The detailing of the mahogany, comfortable chairs and soft lighting make for an enjoyable experience. It is almost a juxtaposed to the frantic nightlife of Tokyo, which is buzzing with people and action—making this bar a coveted space for the real connoisseurs of cocktail. It is for those who like to escape reality, even if just for a brief period of time. Noir-tokyo.com/en/
Tokyo Whisky Library
Image: Instagram.com/tokyowhiskylibrary/
There is much to be said about the way in which Japanese whisky was crafted. The impeccable detail and finish of the final product is admirable, making the position of Japanese whisky as a global leader, quite understandable. Head to Aoyama and seek the hidden Tokyo Whisky Library. It is a peculiar bar, but is exquisite nonetheless. The walls are lined with brick and books just like those found in a classic library. The truly incredible nuance of this bar, however, is the selection of 1,200 spirits that are boldly displayed. The menu features whisky from all over the world—the idea of the collection is to introduce new styles to novices and also help people learn and appreciate the multiple choices of malts available.
Twenty Eight Lounge at the Conrad
Image: Conradhotels3.hilton.com
Overlooking the Hamarikyu Gardens through larger-than-life windows that portray a picture-perfect view, this lounge is Conrad Hilton's signature bar. The sightings of the Tokyo Bay and the Rainbow Bridge set the mood as you choose your drink from the extensive menu. The live music only adds to the enchanting atmosphere, with a jazz band and piano playing in the background. The lounge also offers a high tea menu for those who prefer their refreshments non-alcoholic.
PICK UP SOUVENIRS
Mitsuya Saketen
Sake is one of Japan's national treasures. An alcoholic brew traditionally made from fermented rice, it has a subtle palate and is easy to pair with a variety of foods. The Mitsuya Liquor Store is undoubtedly the best sake shop in Tokyo. For a reasonable fee, one can purchase a variety of sake from all over Japan. Mitsuya Saketen has over 100 breweries to choose, from which makes this a must-visit. It also specialises in ginjo, which is a rice wine made from polished grains of rice that are then brewed at low temperatures to extract optimal flavour. The store has the expertise to help you make an informed choice on what sake to purchase, whether you're a novice, or a veteran taster.
Paper from specialty store Kyukyodo
Image: Ginza.jp/en/shopcategory/shop
You should definitely visit this brand of paper specialists. Here, you can expect to pick up premium quality stationary, calligraphy material, cards and other novelties. It offers a variety of choice and is truly an authentic product to take back home as a gift for your loved ones.
Matsuzakaya Department Store
Image: Matsuzakaya.co.jp
If bringing back edibles, whisky and local products is on your mind, this one here is a one-stop shop. With the most diverse offerings of all things Japanese, this department store (situated in the heart of Ginza) has a dedicated floor for food, delicacies, clothing and alcohol. The gourmet section has all the best local chocolate brands with impeccable packaging.
Things to know before you travel to Japan
— The Roppongi, Shinjuku and Shibuya wards contain all the night action. If experiencing incredible nightlife is on your to-do list, plan your stay here.
— The taxi doors open and close by themselves. It's good to know this before you fumble with the doors and get stared down by the taxi drivers.
— You can hail a taxi from any point in the city, but there are some dedicated stops for pick ups. If you see a red light on the taxi, it means It's available for hire.
— Give your taxi driver the post code of your destination. This will ease your travel and help them too, as every location is plugged into their GPS.
— Japan has a culture of no tipping. A service charge is added to your check to ensure you don't need to tip additionally, even if you think the service was exceptional—as it most commonly is.
"Our infield is literally outside every single day before practice working," outfielder Sarah Calta said. "It's really just shown. They kind of turned a corner and this is our infield. Even when we were struggling, our team knew that our defense was better than this and these are the infielders and this is how they play."
In 2014, Cameroon enacted a broad anti-terror law as part of its effort to counter the extremist group Boko Haram, but authorities are using it to arrest and threaten local journalists who report on the militants or unrest in the country's English-speaking regions.
MFWA has identified lack of effective internet-specific legal frameworks, inadequate infrastructure and high cost of data as major challenges in the internet sector in West Africa.
Free Expression Newsletter, April-June 2017: Anti-Press Incidents Decline; Policy Environment Still Regressive According to Freedom Forum, anti-press incidents have declined in Nepal since April 2017 but the policy environment is still regressive. Freedom Forum
"We Don't Have Him": Secret Detentions and Enforced Disappearances in Bangladesh Since 2013, law enforcement authorities in Bangladesh have illegally detained scores of opposition activists and held them in secret without producing them before courts, as the law requires. In most cases, those arrested remain in custody for weeks or months before being formally arrested or released. Others however are killed in so-called armed exchanges, and many remain “disappeared.” Human Rights Watch
Defamation and Insult Laws in the OSCE Region: A Comparative Study This study examines the existence of criminal defamation and insult laws in the territory of the 57 participating States of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). In doing so, it offers a broad, comparative overview of the compliance of OSCE participating States' legislation with international standards and best practices in the field of defamation law and freedom of expression. Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
Civil Defamation and Media Freedom in Hungary: Trends and Challenges in Court Practice in Personality Rights Cases READ AND DOWNLOADThis study analyses current trends in civil defamation and privacy cases in Hungary involving the media and summarises key challenges for freedom of the press and expression. Written by Hungarian media lawyer Bea Bodrogi, the study examined 250 court decisions related to civil protection of 'personality rights', an area in Hungarian law that includes defamation, privacy and personal image. International Press Institute
Roads to Reform: The Enduring Work of the Saudi Association for Civil and Political Rights In this report, Americans for Democracy & Human Rights in Bahrain (ADHRB) examines the contributions of ACPRA within the larger context of the movement for civil and political reform in Saudi Arabia. Americans for Democracy & Human Rights in Bahrain
Freedom in the World 2017 With populist and nationalist forces making significant gains in democratic states, 2016 marked the 11th consecutive year of decline in global freedom. Freedom House
National Mass Communications Policy 2016: A Review Freedom Forum has issued a review of Nepal's National Mass Communications Policy 2016. Among others, FF says the policy fails to articulate constitutional provisions relating to freedom of expression and mass communication. The policy, they said, also seems to promote centralided regulation, instead of self-regulation. Freedom Forum
Vietnam HRW Report: Events of 2016 The Communist Party of Vietnam (CPV) in 2016 maintained its control over all public affairs and punished those who challenged its monopoly on power. Authorities restricted basic rights, including freedom of speech, opinion, association, and assembly. All religious groups had to register with the government and operate under surveillance. Bloggers and activists faced daily police harassment and intimidation, and were subject to arbitrary house arrest, restricted movement, and physical assaults. Human Rights Watch
Malaysia HRW Report: Events of 2016 Malaysia's human rights situation continued to deteriorate in 2016, with human rights defenders, activists, political opposition figures, and journalists facing harassment and politically motivated prosecution. Those criticising the administration of Prime Minister Najib Razak or commenting on the government's handling of the 1 Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) corruption scandal have been particular targets. Human Rights Watch
India HRW Report: Events of 2016 Authorities continue to use sedition and criminal defamation laws to prosecute citizens who criticise government officials or oppose state policies. In a blow to free speech, the government in 2016 argued before the Supreme Court in favour of retaining criminal penalties for defamation. The court upheld the law. Human Rights Watch
Legal analysis of pre-trial detention of five Cambodian human rights defenders Four senior staff members of the Cambodian Human Rights have been detained in Phnom Penh since April 2016. ￼ Cambodian Center for Human Rights
Turkey: State of emergency, state of arbitrary After already cracking down on freedom of information in recent years, President Erdoğan has taken advantage of the abortive coup d'état and the state of emergency in effect since 20 July to silence many more of his media critics, not only Gülen movement media and journalists but also, to a lesser extent, Kurdish, secularist and left-wing media. Reporters Without Borders
Assessment of media development in Mongolia This publication presents the findings of the media development assessment in Mongolia that began in 2012 to determine the state of the media in the country. The assessment was based on the UNESCO/IPDC Media Development Indicators (MDIs), an internationally recognized analytical tool used to provide detailed overviews of national media landscapes and related media development priorities. Globe International Center
Facing reality after the Euromaidan: The situation of journalists and media in Ukraine “After the initial optimism during the Euromaidan movement, many journalists have become disillusioned. They are faced with the triple challenge of the war in the Eastern part of the country, the economic crisis and the digitalization of mass media.” Reporters Without Borders
Military continues to put pressure on Burmese media An officer of the Myanmar army recently filed a criminal complaint against two journalists for allegedly sowing disunity among the military. Even though mediation by the Press Council caused the military to withdraw the case, this incident demonstrates how the military continues to throw its weight to get back at what it perceives as negative publicity. Southeast Asian Press Alliance
Stifling Dissent The Criminalization of Peaceful Expression in India The government uses draconian laws such as the sedition provisions of the penal code, the criminal defamation law, and laws dealing with hate speech to silence dissent. These laws are vaguely worded, overly broad, and prone to misuse, and have been repeatedly used for political purposes against critics at the national and state level. Human Rights Watch
Media freedom yet to gain pace - 3 May Nepal report Freedom Forum
Critics Are Not Criminals Comparative Study of Criminal Defamation Laws in the Americas Committee to Protect Journalists
Nepal Media Freedom Report 2015 Media under the chilling effect of political unrest Freedom Forum
Civil society under threat: Old and new challenges for human and children's rights advocates in Eurasia In recent years, the space afforded to civil society to operate freely has been shrinking dramatically across the world, presenting a serious threat to democracy and human rights. Eastern Europe and Central Asia (EECA) have been especially badly affected by this shrinking political space. Child Rights International Network
Norman Michael Powers, 53, of Midway City was arrested in the 2300 block of Harbor Boulevard on suspicion of possessing heroin and meth for sale, having a Taser and billy clubs and resisting an officer, authorities said. He was in custody with bail set at $250,000.
Had your “Phil” of winter?
Well, bad news, shi buddy! The famous Pennsylvania groundhog has seen his shadow and that means six more weeks of winter.
Punxsutawney Phil emerged from his hole early this morning and spotted the shadow that portends ill weather till mid-March.
Every February 2 – for 132 years – Phil has made his prediction with eerie accuracy. The Inner Circle of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club don their top hats and tuxedoes and gather at Gobbler's Knob to await the furry forecast.
But the origins of predicting the arrival of spring dates back much further. In Europe people celebrated Candlemas Day, an early Christian holiday involving candles.
When German immigrants settled in Pennsylvania in the 1700s they brought the Candlemas tradition with them.
While Phil is the most well-known of the fuzzy forecasters, other states have weaseled in on the critter craze. For example, in Georgia there is General Beauregard Lee and Ohio touts its own Buckeye Chuck.
Now, before you start thinking that its all a bunch of groundhogwash, you best know the “science” behind this. Phil actually speaks his prediction in a language known as “groundhogese.”
No one can talk to a horse, of course – or a groundhog. Unless you happen to be the president of the Inner Circle of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club – and holding the special ancient acacia wood cane.
As of 2017 Punxsutawney Phil had made 131 predictions – only 18 times going for the “no shadow” early spring.
According to Stormfax the groundhog has been right 39-percent of the time.
By the way, a groundhog is the same as a woodchuck.
And, though it seems an insult to Punxsutawney Phil, there is still a law on the books in Hopkinton, R.I., that pays twenty-five cents for each woodchuck nose.
Maybe they are tired of the longer winters?
People aged 40 and over should be advised on how they can take steps to reduce their risk of dementia, experts have said.
The benefits of stopping smoking, being physically active, eating healthily, maintaining a healthy weight, drinking less alcohol, "connecting with people" and keeping mentally active should be highlighted in the NHS Health Check - sometimes referred to as a midlife MOT, the nation's leading dementia charities have said.
Currently the dementia element of the NHS Health Check programme is delivered to people over 65, where they will have a conversation about the signs and symptoms of dementia.
But Alzheimer's Research UK and the Alzheimer's Society are calling for the check - which is offered to adults in England aged 40 to 74 - to also include advice on how to reduce risk of dementia earlier on.
The call comes after a pilot study, conducted by the charities and Public Health England, examined dementia risk reduction messaging in NHS Health Checks for those aged 40-64.
A poll of 207 people who took part in the pilot, which focused on the message ' what's good for your heart is good for your brain', found 164 recalled the dementia messaging after their check-up.
Of the 164, 75% said they were more likely to adopt a healthy lifestyle to reduce the risk of developing dementia, while 80% said the advice would have some impact on their behaviour.
The charities are now calling for dementia risk reduction messaging to become mandatory in NHS Health Checks for people aged between 40 and 64.
Jeremy Hughes, chief executive at Alzheimer's Society, said: "It's great the NHS has already been equipping over 65s with ways to reduce their risk when they have annual check-ups.
"But, in terms of having the greatest impact on reducing dementia risk, we've been missing the boat.
"Dementia takes hold of the brain decades before symptoms appear, so empowering people to get fit and eat healthier from age 40 is crucial if we're to reduce the number of people developing the condition.
"In the absence of a cure, risk reduction is a vital tool to fight dementia. With the condition set to be the 21st century's biggest killer, it's important that as a nation we unite against dementia and each of us do what we can to reduce our risk."
Dr David Reynolds, chief scientific Officer at Alzheimer's Research UK, added: "Dementia is not an inevitable part of ageing and we now know that there are steps we can all take to reduce our risk.
"As evidence about dementia risk factors grows, we must arm the public with this knowledge and the NHS Health Check is a perfect platform to do this.
"The results of our pilot study show that there is a strong public desire for dementia risk reduction information, and that people are willing to act on it too - which is why we hope to see this approach rolled out nationally.
"If we can reach people in midlife now, when there's a real window of opportunity to impact dementia risk; imagine the difference we could make to the number of people living with dementia in future."
The findings of the pilot are being considered by the Expert Scientific Clinical and Advisory panel, a Public Health England spokeswoman said.
Associate Professor Jamie Waterall, lead for cardiovascular disease prevention at the organisation, said: "This is useful evidence which emphasises existing guidance that practitioners should talk to everyone about reducing their risk of developing cardiovascular disease and other conditions such as dementia."
Cooperatives in Cebu have found an ally in Gov. Hilario “Junjun” Davide III and Vice Gov. Agnes Magpale who both saw to it that self-help enterprises were given importance in the opening week of the 448th celebration of the province's founding anniversary.
The affirmation for the third sector came through the inaugural of the cooperative business center located inside the Cebu South Bus Terminal (CSBT) last August 3. The provincial government rents the 18-square-meter hub for the benefit of the 40-member Cebu Province Association of Accredited Coops (CPAAC). People who pass by the CSBT can look at co-op products and services and avail of one-on-one basic education seminar if they want to join the movement.
I heard that on inaugural day, about a dozen people listed up with Cebu People's Cooperative, which manages the center for CPAAC. Since more than 5,000 people pass through the CSBT on the average daily, the Davide administration has made co-ops closer to the people in one fell swoop. Vice Governor Magpale is right to highlight the support of the province for co-ops in her message during the inauguration ceremonies.
ADVERTISEMENT
* * *
Unlike previous administrations that tried to diminish, if not altogether destroy, cooperatives by lifting its tax exempt privileges guaranteed under RA 9520, the Duterte administration has proved itself a strong ally of self-help enterprises.
This is apparent in the decision of Congress to lay off cooperatives in the Tax Reform Program which originally targeted the sector in the state's bid to generate more revenues. The main proponent of the Tax Reform Program is none other than the Department of Finance which has jurisdiction over the Cooperative Development Authority (CDA). Co-ops have been in the radar of the Bureau of Internal Revenue in past administrations, but fortunately for the sector, it has weathered the attacks through sheer determination and luck.
Since the administration party has the upper hand in Congress, I can only say the tax reform measure which insulates co-ops from taxes reflects the sentiments of the Chief Executive, that is to say, his amor for 25,610 co-ops and close to 8 million members whom he wants to lead towards economic and social inclusivity. Having said that, I believe the Senate version will not stray from Malacañang's direction.
On top of this, a measure has been filed in Congress to create a new department for the Cooperative Development Authority. Principally authored by Nueva Ecija Rep. Estrella Suansing and co-authored by Reps. Maria Valentina Plaza (Agusan del Sur, 1st district), Evelyn Mellana (Agusan del Sur 2nd district), Manuel Zubiri, (Bukidnon 3rd district) Sabiniano Canama (Coop Natcco Partylist), Prospero Pichay (Surigao del Sur 1st district) and Party-list Cong. Rico Geron, House Bill 05385 seeks to create the Department of Cooperatives, and appropriate funds for the same. The measure remains pending in the Committee on Government Reorganization since May this year.
Changing CDA from an agency attached to the DOF into a separate department under the Executive will necessarily bring about changes in the structure of the regulatory body. The Office of the President is behind this measure if we look at current activities spearheaded by the agency in different regions.
For example, CDA conducted fundamental seminars and technical training for its organic staff to refresh them about the co-op DNA at the same time orient frontline employees on information technology. In a talk with this corner two weeks ago, CDA Deputy Executive Director Giovanni Platero disclosed that the Department of Budget and Management disbursed some P5 million for training and over P40 million for information technology upgrade in the agency.
Barely finishing the series of technical trainings and seminars, the agency through its regional officers and the Board of Administrators rolled out consultations to engage stakeholders in the crafting of the Philippine Cooperatives Medium Term Development Plan. Administrators Mercedes Castillo and Paisal Cali were in town last week to engage stakeholders from Regions 6, 7 and 8 for this purpose. I have a feeling this is all in preparation for making CDA into a department.
The agency has never experienced the support it is now getting from a sitting president. No wonder I picked up upbeat vibes from the seminars and regional consultations held here these past two weeks. I hope agency regulators will not take this for granted but take a cue from the oft-repeated maxim, “Strike while the iron is hot.”
REUTERS: Defending champion Novak Djokovic made a sticky return to action before recovering from losing the opening four games to beat Germany's Jan-Lennard Struff at the Qatar Open on Monday.
Djokovic, who was deposed as world number one by Andy Murray at the back end of last year and split with coach Boris Becker, eventually snapped into his usual rhythm to win 7-6(1) 6-3.
The Serbian will play either Florian Mayer of Germany or Argentine Horacio Zeballos in the second round.
"It's the first match of the year. You never know how you're going to start," Djokovic was quoted as saying on the ATP's website (www.atpworldtour.com).
"I was a bit flat on my feet. But I stayed composed because I knew, I believed that I could find the rhythm, start reading his serve better, and that's what happened.
"I know that I can't be at my top the very first match, but I believe that the process is right."
Murray, who lost a first-round doubles match with Mariusz Fyrstenberg on Monday, plays Frenchman Jeremy Chardy on Tuesday.
The Scot won the title in 2008 and 2009.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman in London; Editing by Clare Fallon)
Mexican superstar Thalia is being accused of making diva-like demands to get out of a big-money fashion contract.
The singer — who is married to music bigwig Tommy Mottola — is being sued over a 20-year deal with EDF Brands to license products in her native country. The company claims she blew off promotional duties and insisted on a six-figure travel budget beyond the bounds of their contract.
According to an agreement outlined in the lawsuit, Thalia, 45, is required to appear at product launches, with the fashion firm footing the bill for “first class airfare for two” and “five-star hotel accommodations.” But EDF claims that when a two-day trip was planned, her team sent over a whopping $120,000 travel itinerary.
Thalia's proposal is said to have included a private plane for $65,000, hotel rooms for $15,000, $25,000 for security, hair and makeup for $6,000 and a stylist for $10,000.
These pricey demands violated her contract because “first class airfare from New York to Mexico City is approximately $1,500 per person (not $65,000), and five-star hotel suite accommodations at the Four Seasons hotel in Mexico City costs about $1,000 per night (not $15,000),” according to EDF's complaint, which was filed in Manhattan.
“Within months of entering into the agreement … Thalia demands a $65,000 plane to fly her to Mexico and [then] threatens through her attorneys to terminate the agreement,” EDF's attorney, Andrew R. Goldenberg, told Page Six.
Thalia received a $150,000 advance and stood to make tens of millions of dollars had she “honored her promises to promote her brand” at events and through social media, Goldenberg said. He also believes Thalia “is throwing up roadblocks as a pretext to get a better deal, but she is hurting herself by making it more difficult to promote her.”
But the songstress' camp insists that she didn't skirt any obligations and that it was EDF who breached the agreement.
Their counterclaim alleges Thalia-branded fashions being sold did not receive her final approval, as required. They also argue that the goods weren't up to snuff quality-wise, resulting in damage to “the high standards of style and quality associated with Thalia.”
Thalia's attorney, Brad D. Rose, elaborated to Page Six: “[N]o product or product category could be sold, and no use of Thalia's name or image in advertising and promotional materials could occur, unless and until the licensee received the requisite approvals from licensor.”
Further, Thalia's team claims that some images used in a catalog were “manipulated” without her say-so: “EDF went so far as to crudely superimpose a headshot of Thalia on the body of a different model with a discernibly different skin tone,” their legal papers read. Not surprisingly, EDF's attorney tells us this allegation lacks merit. He also says Thalia “complains that the product does not meet the quality standard she wants. But her fans in Mexico don't agree. Sales were strong from the outset.”
Mottola, Thalia's husband and business partner who was once married to Mariah Carey, is also named as a defendant in the lawsuit.
Both parties are seeking unspecified money damages.
Meanwhile, in the US, Thalia sells a line of clothing and shoes at Macy's.
: President Donald Trump included the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups in condemning violence after a white nationalist rally, the White House said on Sunday, the day after he was criticized on the left and right for not explicitly condemning white supremacists.U.S. authorities are investigating the outbreak of violence, which has put new pressure on the Trump administration to take an unequivocal stand against that segment of his political base. Some rightists have claimed allegiance to Trump, a Republican.A 32-year-old woman was killed and 19 injured, five critically, on Saturday when a man plowed a car into a crowd of people objecting to the white nationalist rally in the Southern college town of Charlottesville. About 15 people were injured after rival groups fought pitched battles using fists, rocks and pepper spray in the streets.Trump was criticized by Republicans and Democrats for waiting too long to address the violence and when he did so, failing to explicitly condemn the white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.On Sunday, however, the White House said in a statement that Trump's message on Saturday "condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."Trump, speaking at his golf resort in New Jersey on Saturday, had said that "many sides" were involved in Charlottesville. He made no reply to a reporter's shouted question whether he had spoken out strongly enough against white nationalists."We condemn, in the strongest possible terms, this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," he said.Virginia police have not yet provided a motive for a man who rammed a car into the crowd, but U.S. prosecutors and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have opened a civil rights investigation, an FBI field office said.Four people have been arrested, including James Fields, a 20-year-old white man from Ohio who is being held in jail on suspicion of crashing the car.Federal authorities were also looking into a helicopter crash on Saturday that killed two Virginia state policemen aiding efforts to quell the clashes.On Sunday morning, before the White House statement, Ivanka Trump, the president's daughter and White House adviser, appealed on Twitter for Americans to "be one country UNITED. #Charlottesville." She also posted: "There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis."Also before the statement, U.S. Senator Cory Gardner of Colorado, who chairs the Republican Party's Senate election effort, called on the president to condemn "white supremacists" and to use the term. He was one of several Republican senators who squarely criticized Trump on Twitter on Saturday."Calling out people for their acts of evil - let's do it today - white nationalist, white supremacist," Gardner said on CNN's "State of the Union" program on Sunday. "We will not stand for their hate."An organizer of Saturday's "Unite the Right" rally, which was staged to protest the planned removal of Confederate war hero Robert E. Lee's statue from a park, said supporters of the event would not back down."Absolutely we are going to have further demonstrations in Charlottesville because our constitutional rights are being denied," said Jason Kessler, whom civil rights groups identified as a white nationalist blogger. He did not specify when.Across the United States, events were planned on Sunday to "stand in solidarity with Charlottesville ... honor all those under attack by congregating against hate" a loose coalition of civil society groups said in postings on social media.Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, declared an emergency and halted Saturday's planned rally, but that did not stop the violence."There is no place for you here," McAuliffe said, addressing white supremacists. "There is no place for you in America."The rally stemmed from a long debate in the U.S. South over the Confederate battle flag and other symbols of the rebel side in the Civil War, which was fought over slavery.The Charlottesville violence is the latest clash between far-rightists and the president's opponents. At his January inauguration, black-clad anti-Trump protesters in Washington smashed windows, torched cars and clashed with police, leading to more than 200 arrests.
Dj Irie, the official DJ for the Miami Heat, is very particular about his water.
He took to the decks at Blade and Rag & Bone's glamorous Art Basel party at the Faena Hotel on Friday, but not before staffers scrambled to get him the right kind of water.
A source said, “Among other unique items on Irie's rider, including two clean and new room-temperature-wet hand towels, is that he must have ‘six sealed 32-ounce bottles of Aquafina water in his DJ booth ahead of his set.'
Since the posh Faena Hotel only has the fancier Acqua Panna water in glass bottles, his manager insisted Irie would not arrive until the proper water was in his booth.
This sent Blade staffers scrambling in Basel traffic to a 7-Eleven to find the bottles of Aquafina — only available in plastic.
They made it back just before he was due to go on, and his set started on time.” Guests at the bash — hosted by Blade's Rob Wiesenthal, plus Rag & Bone's Marcus Wainwright and David Neville — included ­Dwyane Wade, Alan Faena, “Page Six TV's” Bevy Smith, “Today's” Jill Martin, Claudine De Niro, Eric Ripert, Maggio Cipriani and Lisa Bonder.
AMMAN: Syrian rebel negotiators and Russian officers failed on Wednesday to reach an agreement that would end fighting in southern Syrian, a rebel spokesman said.
"The talks with the Russian enemy in Bosra al-Sham have failed because of their insistence on handing over heavy weapons," Abu Shaima, a spokesman of the central operations room representing main FSA factions negotiating with the Russians told Reuters.
Advertisement
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Brussels: European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini is meeting with Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address the issues of Jerusalem as Israel's capital and the chances of reinvigorating negotiations on the peace process.
Mogherini has joined many EU leaders in expressing disapproval of the US decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital. She said during a joint media address Monday that "the only realistic solution to the conflict between Israel and Palestine is based on two states with Jerusalem as the capital of both."
Netanyahu insisted that what US president Donald Trump did was "put facts squarely on the table. Peace is based on reality."
He said the reality of seeing Jerusalem as Israel's capital "doesn't obviate peace, it makes peace possible."
SEOUL: U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told business leaders in Seoul on Tuesday that the Trump administration will review and reform the five-year-old free trade agreement between the two countries.
Pence said the U.S. trade deficit has more than doubled in the five years since the U.S.-South Korea free trade agreement began and there are too many barriers for U.S. businesses in the country.
Pence's meeting in Seoul with business leaders comes before he heads to Tokyo later on Tuesday, where he will meet Japan's Finance Minister Taro Aso and kick off talks that Washington hopes will open doors for U.S.-made products.
U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to narrow big trade deficits with nations like China and Japan, saying he would boost U.S. manufacturing jobs.
"That's the hard truth," Pence told an American Chamber of Commerce meeting in Seoul. "We have to be honest about where our trade relationship is falling short", said Pence, adding the Trump administration would work with businesses on reforms.
Trump campaigned on an "America First" pledge, promising to overhaul trade agreements that he said hurt U.S. jobs.
Before the free trade agreement between the two countries took effect in 2012, South Korea's trade surplus against the United States stood at US$11.6 billion at end-2011. In 2016, the surplus measured at US$23.2 billion, according to official data.
James Kim, CEO of GM Korea, said there are opportunities to improve the free trade deal between Washington and Seoul.
“We need to minimize as many unique Korea standards which would make it easier to buy American products made in America,” Kim said at the meeting with Pence.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton, additional reporting by Christine Kim; Writing by James Pearson, Ju-min Park; Editing by Michael Perry)
JAKARTA: Indonesian police said Monday they had detained the captain of a tourist boat that burst into flames en route to a holiday island, leaving 23 people dead, amid reports he was the first to jump ship.
The Zahro Express became engulfed by fire on Sunday shortly after it set off from Jakarta carrying about 250 local holidaymakers to celebrate the New Year on the nearby resort island of Tidung.
Panicked passengers fought over life jackets and jumped into the sea as the huge blaze tore through the ferry after starting in the engine room, with authorities blaming an electrical fault for the accident.
Most were rescued, but 23 were killed and 50 suffered injuries, according to the official disaster agency.
Police said the captain, named in local reports as Muhammad Nali, had been detained Sunday and was being questioned over suspected negligence in relation to the fire which reduced the boat to a blackened wreck.
"We are still investigating the case and questioning the captain," Jakarta police spokesman Argo Yuwono told AFP, without giving further details.
Several local media outlets reported the captain jumped ship first, abandoning the tourists as the fire erupted, and was found floating in the sea with other passengers before being rescued.
Tonny Budiono, a senior official at the transport ministry, vowed that the captain would be punished if the allegations turned out to be true.
Search teams continued to scour the waters Monday as a precaution but officials said they believed that all passengers were now accounted for.
It was just the latest fatal maritime accident in the vast Indonesian archipelago, which relies heavily on boats to ferry people round its 17,000 islands but has a patchy safety record.
In September a tourist boat on the resort island of Bali exploded, killing two foreigners and injuring about 20 others.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BIM says in a statement it sold 4.24 pct of Elior to Fonds Strategique de Paricipations:
* BIM RETAINS 23.07 PERCENT STAKE AFTER THE SALE, REMAINING REFERENCE SHAREHOLDER
* BIM AND ITS FOUNDER ROBERT ZOLADE WILL CONTINUE TO SUPPORT ELIOR DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Dominique Vidalon)
AMHERST, N.Y. (WIVB) — The University at Buffalo is seeing a decrease in the number of international students enrolled at the school.
“It's really sad to me,” said Sarah Pastore, a University at Buffalo sophomore. “We always do this thing the first week where we say where we're from and I am noticing more people from Buffalo and around the state but not India or even China.”
She began making that observation in the fall.
According to UB, there are almost 4700 students from other countries enrolled. That's down from the more than 5,000 a few years ago. The university believes there are a few reasons why fewer international students are coming to campus, citing causes as there are higher education option in their home countries, the rising cost of tuition in the US, and the uncertainty of work opportunities available here following graduation.
Dr. Stephen Dunnett released this statement about enrollment to News 4:
“The University at Buffalo has welcomed international students since its founding in 1846, when we enrolled Canadian students in our first medical school class. Since then, our international enrollment has grown, attracting excellent students from more than 110 countries around the world.
International students make important contributions to the university's research, teaching and service missions, and our local students also benefit through the sharing diverse ideas, perspectives and cultural experiences, enhancing campus diversity and contributing to UB's culture of inclusiveness.
Like many of our peer institutions, UB has faced increasing competition for the best international students, which has limited enrollment growth in recent years. Other important factors are involved as well, including increased higher education capacity in students' home countries; the rising cost of higher education in the U.S.; competition from other English-speaking countries including the UK, Australia and Canada; and uncertainties about temporary work opportunities, such as internships, in the U.S. following graduation.
It must be said that international students are increasingly concerned about the perception that the United States is less welcoming to students from other countries and to foreigners generally. The travel bans and other measures aimed at limiting access to the U.S. have raised concerns among international students considering UB and other U.S. institutions where they would otherwise pursue their educational aspirations.
Our recruitment professionals and admissions staff continue to reassure international students that UB and the Western New York community extend a warm and supportive welcome, and that we value the important contributions they will make to our university. This is the message that UB President Satish Tripathi and our senior leadership strongly convey at every opportunity to international students, alumni and friends around the world.”
COLOMBO: Hundreds of tonnes of rotting garbage piled up in Sri Lanka's capital on Tuesday (Apr 18) after the main rubbish dump was shut following an accident that killed at least 30 people.
Authorities sealed the massive 300-foot (90-metre) rubbish mountain on the northeastern edge of Colombo after it collapsed on Friday, destroying 145 homes nearby and burying victims in a garbage landslide.
Military spokesman Roshan Seneviratne said hundreds of troops were still searching for six people missing since the accident, but authorities were not hopeful of finding any survivors four days on.
The Colombo Municipal Council was scrambling for new locations to dump the roughly 800 tonnes of garbage produced every day in the capital, as crows and stray dogs picked through bags of reeking garbage left on city streets.
The council sought permission Tuesday from a local magistrate to access another tip outside the city limits, promising it would clear the four-day backlog of trash within 24 hours.
"We are finding new locations. By noon Wednesday I am hopeful of restoring normality in clearing the garbage," Commissioner V K A Anura told AFP. "We will not dump it all in one location, but at several sites."
The death toll from Friday's accident climbed to 30 on Tuesday as another victim was found, Seneviratne said. "We are still carrying out clearing of damaged homes," he told AFP.
Officials said 1,700 people living near the tip had been relocated to temporary shelters while the government searched for alternative accommodation.
A night of heavy rain, followed by an outbreak of fire, destabilised the 23 million-tonne garbage heap, causing its collapse as Sri Lankans celebrated the traditional new year.
Parliament had been warned the vast tip posed a serious health hazard, and that a long-term solution was needed to dispose of Colombo's trash.
Disaster management minister Anura Yapa said the loss of life could have been avoided had local residents acted on warnings to move, issued as recently as a fortnight ago.
But activists have complained that ad hoc compensation and relocation was not the answer to a festering problem that politicians have been unable to resolve for years.
LONDON: Heathrow Airport said on Monday (Dec 11) disruptions were expected to continue after the heaviest snowfall in four years in Britain caused travel mayhem the previous day, while more than 300 flights were cancelled at Germany's busiest airport.
Thousands of passengers were left stranded on Sunday at London's Heathrow Airport, one of the world's busiest, after the cancellation of hundreds of flights, with many taking to Twitter to complain.
Heathrow Airport said disruptions were expected to continue. "Some flights at Heathrow will be disrupted today due to crew and aircraft being out of position following yesterday's weather," it said in a Facebook post on Monday.
"We are working with our airline partners to return aircraft to where they need to be and full service recovery remains the focus."
We approach our 4th hour. The wing is buckling under the weight of snow and darkness is slowly descending. Still no sign of help. There is only hope, but that, like the light, is fading. @HeathrowAirport @British_Airways pic.twitter.com/USb1YeWQgV — Hopper Odyssey (@HopperOdyssey) December 10, 2017
British Airways, whose primary hub is Heathrow, had cancelled more than 140 short-haul flights and 26 long-haul flights on Sunday, leaving tens of thousands of passengers detained at the airport.
Meanwhile, Birmingham airport, serving the country's second biggest city, suspended flights for all of Sunday morning, as staff worked to clear the runway in heavy snow. The airport typically handles around 30,000 passengers and 200 flights a day in December.
Advertisement
Advertisement
London's Luton Airport, which closed its runway for two hours on Sunday, advised passengers to check their flights before travelling to the airport.
It's 3AM @HeathrowAirport and this is the line for @British_Airways. No food. No flights. No hotels. Lots of lost luggage. And #BritishAirways staff went home. pic.twitter.com/a7vcWRFFoR — laura bryce (@labryce) December 11, 2017
Swathes of Britain were hit by the snowfall on Sunday, particularly in central and western regions, according to the official weather service.
Sennybridge, in Brecon Beacons National Park in Wales, topped the records with 30 centimetres (12 inches), while Coleshill, close to Birmingham, received 10cm, it reported.
Police forces in worst-hit Wales and central England urged motorists not to travel unless "absolutely necessary" as they dealt with surging calls.
A spokesman for the Highways England agency said there had been road incidents "all over the place". The flurries continued to fall into the afternoon, threatening to block roads.
Motorists travel on a snowy day along the M1 Highway on the outskirts of London on Dec 10, 2017. (Photo: AFP/Glyn Kirk)
Meanwhile, light snow and sleet fell through the morning in London, leaving Northolt, on the outskirts of the capital, with a covering of 2cm, the Met Office said.
"We've gone through the worst of it," said spokesman Oli Claydon in the early afternoon. He said the last time Britain saw this much heavy snow nationwide was March 2013, and during the winter of 2010.
In Germany, more than 300 flights were cancelled on Sunday after heavy snow and sub-zero temperatures struck the region around Frankfurt, a spokesman for airport operator Fraport told AFP.
The airport - Germany's largest air hub and the home base for major carrier Lufthansa - had been scheduled to handle a total of 1,260 flights over the day.
Duesseldorf airport was also forced to close for four hours during the afternoon, news agency DPA reported. Meanwhile, trains were delayed, redirected or cancelled across western North Rhine-Westphalia state.
FERRY RUNS AGROUND
In France, a ferry with more than 300 people on board ran aground in high winds in Calais, interrupting traffic in one of Europe's busiest passenger ports but causing no injuries.
Having been stranded for several hours, the P&O vessel was secured and passengers were finally able to disembark after they were given food and drinks.
The ferry, The Pride of Kent, ran aground around noon after it hit a gangway while making to leave for Dover in southeast England.
Five tug boats were used in the operation to free the vessel, as winds gusting at up to 110 kilometres (70 miles) per hour made the task difficult.
Tugboats manouver the P&O ferry MS "Pride of Kent" which ran aground in the harbour of the port of Calais on Dec 10, 2017. (Photo: AFP/Denis Charlet)
Elsewhere in France, 32 departments were placed on orange alert with winds of more than 100 kilometres forecast in some areas.
In the northern Pas-de-Calais and Nord regions, some 20,000 homes were without electricity due to gale-force winds, power provider Enedis said.
Heavy rain also led to the closure of two airports on the French Mediterranean island of Corsica, including the one serving the capital Ajaccio.
Heavy winds lashed northern Portugal. A 45-year-old woman died when a tree landed on her car near the city of Porto, Luis Belo Costa from the national civil protection agency said.
The weather service forecast winds of up to 130 kilometres per hour in the area until Monday morning.
Paul Rodgers
The Cranbrook Salvation Army welcomed in dozens of townsfolk to take part in the grand opening of their new location on Slater Road Friday, August 11.
Major Kirk Green, who has been looking after the Salvation Army in Cranbrook for the past ten years, addressed the crowd of staff, volunteers and members of the community. Also in attendance were Mayor Lee Pratt, Councillor Ron Popoff and MLA Tom Shypitka, who sits on the community council and spoke to the crowd. Green also acknowledged Ktunaxa Elder Herman Alpine who gave a blessing in his native language to the audience.
“We need to acknowledge that we are not alone in this endeavour,” said Green. “We need to acknowledge first and foremost that we are on Ktunaxa land. We need to acknowledge that and we need to respect that. We need to respect that because the Ktunaxa people are a very proud people and they have a lot of agencies here in the community and around the area and we work in partnership with those agencies and we are proud to do so because of what they bring to the table.”
Green also thanked numerous business who contributed to the Salvation Army and the creation of the new location, with special thanks going to New Dawn Developments who presented him with a cheque for $28,000.
Green said that nationally the Salvation Army provides 6000 shelter beds daily and 2.8 million meals. He said that last year the Cranbrook Salvation Army offered over $350,000 in services such as advocacy programs, an emergency winter shelter, an emergency food bank and that they serve over 12,000 last year provided over 24,000 lunches for children in need.
“But we don't do it just for the sake of doing programs, programs in and of themselves are fine but we do it for people like this,” he said, gesturing to the young child who had run up while he was speaking and leaped into his arms. “This little girl, her name is Cynthia, and her mom is a single mom, she has three children, and a few years ago we met them through a tax program and we invited them to become part of our family.”
He said that the new location will be more than just a new warehouse, or a place to find bargains or to “leave behind that Christmas gift that that aunt gave you that you can't quite figure out.”
“Every time that the Salvation Army has moved to a new location, the expressions of assistance that we give to the community have changed and they have grown,” Green said. “It's not just a place to find bargains but a central force in making this community a better place for a whole lot of very deserving people. This warehouse and new kitchen will allow us to expand what we do in this community and continue to grow and to help more and more people as we move forward.”
Corvex Management threatened a proxy battle against Energen Corp if the U.S. oil and gas producer did not agree to add the activist investor's nominees to its board.
REUTERS: Corvex Management threatened a proxy battle against Energen Corp if the U.S. oil and gas producer did not agree to add the activist investor's nominees to its board.
Corvex - already the biggest shareholder in Energen - said in a filing disclosed on Monday that it raised its stake to 10.1 percent, eclipsing a threshold that allows shareholders of Alabama-domiciled companies to call a special meeting.
Corvex said in its filing that if private discussions with the company fail to result in new board members, the hedge fund intends to call a special meeting, where shareholders will vote to expand the board to 15 members from nine, and to fill the vacancies with Corvex's nominees. (http://bit.ly/2vC2GcG)
The US$5.5 billion fund, run by activist investor Keith Meister, has often used proxy fights to press for changes at companies. Corvex's latest battle was nominating an entire slate of directors at Williams Companies Inc last fall, a contest the fund later dropped after the oil and gas producer added new members to its board.
In a 2014 proxy fight, Corvex was among the investors that ousted the entire board of CommonWealth REIT.
Energen, a US$4.5 billion energy company whose assets are concentrated in the Permian Basin in Texas, was not immediately available for comment. The company is based in Birmingham, Alabama.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Corvex first targeted Energen on May 31, calling on it to explore a sale of the entire company. Energen announced a few weeks later that after reviewing Corvex's proposal and other strategic alternatives, it was sticking to its own business plan. The company said it hired investment bank JPMorgan Chase & Co to advise it on the review.
Energen shares were up 0.7 percent to US$49.56 in afternoon trading on Monday. The stock has fallen nearly 14 percent since Corvex's first move in May.
(Reporting by Michael Flaherty and Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Lisa Shumaker)
It's not lost on Toronto Police that just two hours before suspect Alek Minassian went on his alleged killing spree, he posted to social media what only could be described as an anti-female rant.
Police also realize that as many as 11 of the wounded victims of this Yonge St. van attack were women.
Police have heard some talk about how there was no terrorism involved while others believe it was terrorism — in one form or another.
Others are talking about a copy cat, femicide scenario to match the strange posting that supported a killer behind a murderous incident in California.
Police know there are media reports suggesting the suspect may have had forms of autism or Asperger syndrome.
Many are wondering about Minassian's 16 days in the Canadian Armed Forces before he was voluntarily discharged, noting his alleged killing spree that claimed 10 lives and wounded 14 others happened in the same vicinity of the military's recruiting centre.
It's striking how Minassian spent those 16 days on the very training base in St-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Que., where Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent was run down Oct. 20, 2014 by a radicalized domestic terrorist and ISIS supporter Martin Couture-Rouleau.
What does it all mean?
It means this is just where this investigation starts. There can be no stone left unturned.
Police promise speculation and political agendas will play no role in the outcome of one of the largest investigations in Toronto Police history.
This was made abundantly clear when a reporter suggested to Chief Mark Saunders that terrorism had been ruled out in this case.
“That is very incorrect,” said Saunders. “We don't rule anything out.”
Saunders told a media conference broadcast “all doors are open” and “there are going to be many more layers.”
One of the first layers is the Facebook post that has a lot of people's hair standing up straight.
“Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010, wishing to speak to Sgt 4chan please. . . C23249161. The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!”
The reference to Rodger goes back to a 2014 incident in California in which a man killed six people and then himself for what he described as being involuntary celibate.
Add that up with the fact that witnesses have said it looked like the driver of the van was deliberately choosing who he would hit and you can start to form a theory.
But as Saunders said narrow scopes is not how this investigation will unfold.
This was displayed by lead detective Det.-Sgt. Graham Gibson who said while “we have no evidence” the unnamed murder victims are mostly female, like the wounded seem to be, he also said “all of those things have to be looked at.”
The bottom line is police say they will go where the evidence goes. This did happen, there is a reason it happened and there are clues that need to be explored to find out why it happened?
“Everything will be explored,” Saunders promised. “All lanes are open.”
It's not lost on Toronto Police that people around the world are counting on them to make sense of something so senseless.
Let's face it, there are sometimes multiple moments in a week that are anxiety-inducing. From headlines so frightening, upsetting or just plain disheartening that they stop you in your tracks, to those everyday moments that raise your heart rate (such as a stressful situation at work or being crowded into public transport on your daily commute). For times like these, we've become very fond of this GIF doing the rounds on Twitter.
via GIPHY
If you feel your heart rate rising, inhale and exhale along with the expanding and decreasing shapes – it'll help manage your breathing and is also strangely mesmerising at the same time. Save it on your phone for times of need.
This article originally appeared on Vogue.co.uk
Spider-Man: Homecoming 2 is expected to begin production in a few months and some new plot leaks have hit the web. There's a lot of question as to how the Marvel Cinematic Universe will choose to handle the promotion of Spider-Man: Homecoming 2 since it comes out so close to Avengers 4. While they aren't currently worried about that aspect, this new leak sheds some interesting light on the possible storylines for both films. It's important to note that these are far from official and should just be treated as entertainment. That being said, there could be potential spoilers for Spider-Man: Homecoming 2 and Avengers 4 ahead, so read at your own risk.
This new Spider-Man: Homecoming 2 plot leak comes from a Reddit source who is considered "trustworthy" after leaking Infinity War details before the movie hit theaters. Again, we'll take these with a grain of salt. Obviously, Peter Parker is back from wherever he went in Infinity War and survives the events of Avengers 4. However, according to this new leak, Parker is mourning the death of Tony Stark as the movie begins, which is the opposite of how we last saw the two together.
Tony Stark has been rumored to not make it to phase 4 of the MCU for over a year now, so this aspect seems legit. Elsewhere, the leak claims that Michael Keaton is back as Adrian Toomes, aka the Vulture along with Mac Gargan, aka Scorpion, for small roles in Spider-Man: Homecoming 2. Mysterio will reportedly be the main villain, which has also been reported, but there's no mention of Jake Gyllenhaal taking on the role.
The leak claims that the Spider-Man: Homecoming 2 story will center on something "groundbreaking" that Tony Stark has created and Mysterio will steal it after being hired by a familiar villain. The new leaked details do not specify who the mysterious boss is, but it says, "he's a major villain from the comic books who will have a prominent role in these movies moving forward." Sony and Marvel are reportedly looking for an A-list actor to take on the role, which is supposed to be a surprise. Again, nothing about this leak has been confirmed by Marvel or Sony, and even if it was, they probably would not even acknowledge it.
Finally, the new Spider-Man: Homecoming 2 leak also claims that the sequel will set up the Sinister Six. The leak says that it is "confirmed," but that could mean anything. As far as seeing the Sinister Six in Spider-Man: Homecoming 2, it's believed that they will be planting the seed in the film, instead of showing up right away. The leak goes on to imply that villains might not all show up in the third movie of the final either. They're expected to show up at some point down the line in Sony's Marvel universe. You can read more about the Spider-Man: Homecoming 2 leak over at Reddit.
The Crown says it has filed an appeal after charges were stayed against Jamie Bacon in relation to the Surrey Six killings. (File photo)
B.C.'s prosecution is appealing after charges were stayed in the Surrey Six massacre against Red Scorpions gang leader Jamie Bacon.
On Dec. 1, a BC Supreme Court decision was released that said a judge had granted Bacon's application for a stay of proceedings in his trial on charges of first-degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder.
The hearing occurred in closed court, and the judge's reasons for granting the application are sealed.
On Monday, the prosecution service said it has reviewed the abbreviated ruling, saying it reveals “errors of law” and that “the public interest requires an appeal.”
The service said it anticipates that further court filings, as well as some or all of the appeal proceedings, will be sealed or closed to the public.
Six men, including two innocent bystanders, were shot dead at the Balmoral Tower on Oct. 19, 2007. Cody Haevischer and Matthew Johnston were convicted in 2014 of six counts of first-degree murder and one count of conspiracy.
U.S. consumer confidence rebounded in April and new home sales increased more than expected in March, pointing to underlying strength in the economy despite signs that growth slowed in the first quarter.
WASHINGTON: U.S. consumer confidence rebounded in April and new home sales increased more than expected in March, pointing to underlying strength in the economy despite signs that growth slowed in the first quarter.
Other data on Tuesday also showed house prices increasing solidly in February. Strong consumer confidence and rising house prices bode well for an acceleration in consumer spending in the second quarter after it braked sharply at the start of the year.
The Conference Board said its consumer confidence index increased to a reading of 128.7 this month from 127.0 in March. Consumers' short-term expectations also improved, with the share of consumers expecting their incomes to decline over the coming months reaching its lowest level since December 2000.
U.S. financial markets were little moved by the data.
In a separate report, the Commerce Department said new home sales increased 4.0 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000 units last month. February's sales pace was revised up to 667,000 units from the previously reported 618,000 units.
Data for January was also revised to show sales unchanged instead of declining 4.7 percent. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast new home sales, which account for 11 percent of housing market sales, rising 1.9 percent to a pace of 630,000 units last month.
Advertisement
Advertisement
New home sales are drawn from permits and tend to be volatile on a month-to-month basis. They jumped 8.8 percent from a year ago.
March's surge in new home sales and upward revisions to January and February sales data will probably not change economists' expectations that residential investment declined in the first quarter.
Gross domestic product estimates for the first quarter are below a 2 percent annualized rate. The economy grew at a 2.9 percent rate in the fourth quarter.
CHRONIC SHORTAGE
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The housing market is struggling with a chronic shortage of properties that is boosting home prices and weighing on sales at the lower end of the market.
Rising mortgage rates and moderate wage growth are also making home purchasing less affordable, especially for first-time buyers who account for less than a third of transactions.
Sales in the West soared 28.3 percent to their highest level since December 2006. They rose 0.8 percent in the South, which accounts for the bulk of new home sales. Sales plunged 54.8 percent in the Northeast and dropped 2.4 percent in the Midwest.
The median new house price increased 4.8 percent to US$337,200 in March from a year ago. Last month, there were 301,000 new homes on the market, unchanged from February.
At March's sales pace it would take 5.2 months to clear the supply of houses on the market, down from 5.4 months in February. About two-thirds of the houses sold last month were either under construction or yet to be built.
Another report on Tuesday showed the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller composite index of home prices in 20 metropolitan areas increased 6.8 percent in the 12 months to February after rising 6.4 percent in January.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao)
NEW DELHI: India's main opposition Congress party on Monday elevated Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's most fabled political dynasty, as its president, preparing to challenge the dominance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of national polls in 2019.
In a long-awaited move, Gandhi, the great-grandson of India's founding prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru, was elected unopposed to head the party. He will take the reins from his mother Sonia, the party's longest-serving president, since 1998.
"The entire Indian National Congress family would like to convey our best wishes to incoming President Rahul Gandhi, and wish him a successful tenure as he continues to lead from the front," the party said on its official Twitter handle.
Television broadcast images of party supporters celebrating the news outside Congress offices in the capital, New Delhi, and the financial hub of Mumbai.
Ever since Congress was defeated heavily in the 2014 national election by Modi's party, Gandhi has struggled to convince voters, as well as many within his party, of his leadership skills.
But Gandhi was now geared up for the next challenge, senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Monday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"The entire country has lots of expectations from Rahul Gandhi," Azad told reporters. "Much before he was elected he has shown his mettle. He knows his responsibility."
Modi's depiction of the 47-year-old as an undeserving "prince" has helped sideline Gandhi since the last national election, during which time Congress has suffered some of its worst results in local elections.
The news coincides with state polls in Modi's western home state of Gujarat that are shaping as a test for the prime minister, who has been facing criticism for slowing economic growth and poor implementation of a nationwide sales tax.
The Congress hopes a round of state elections offers the party, and Gandhi, a shot at revival ahead of the next national elections, due in 2019.
Still, Modi remains immensely popular.
Nearly nine of 10 Indians have a favourable opinion of him and more than two-thirds are satisfied with the direction in which he is taking the country, a Pew survey found in November.
Modi's favourable rating was 30 points more than Gandhi's, the poll showed.
(Reporting by Aditya Kalra and Nidhi Verma; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
The U.S. unit of Volkswagen AG on Friday asked a U.S. judge to delay several court trials it is facing over excess emissions because it fears "inflammatory" comments made by a lawyer representing car owners in a recent TV documentary will prejudice the jury.
REUTERS: The U.S. unit of Volkswagen AG on Friday asked a U.S. judge to delay several court trials it is facing over excess emissions because it fears "inflammatory" comments made by a lawyer representing car owners in a recent TV documentary will prejudice the jury.
Although nearly all U.S. owners agreed to take part in a 2016 settlement, the German carmaker is being sued by some consumers after it admitted in September 2015 to cheating on diesel emissions tests, sparking the biggest business crisis in its history.
The first consumer fraud trial involves a North Carolina man who bought a 2014 diesel Jetta, and is set for Feb. 26.
But according to a legal filing, Volkswagen of America asked a judge in Fairfax County, Virginia to delay that trial for at least six months on Friday after a lawyer for more than 300 U.S. VW diesel owners, Michael Melkersen, gave an interview in which he referred to the company testing diesel fumes on monkeys.
This week, Volkswagen in Germany suspended its chief lobbyist in response to reports the carmaker had jointly sponsored tests that exposed monkeys in 2014 to toxic diesel fumes, methods condemned by its chief executive as repulsive.
In the interview for a documentary aired by streaming service Netflix, Melkersen criticized the tests, adding: "One cannot help to think back throughout history of another series of events involving individuals being gassed by a person who was actually at the opening of the very first Volkswagen factory," an apparent reference to Nazi leader Adolf Hitler and the Holocaust.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In its legal filing, VW's lawyers argued those comments would prevent a fair trial and pointed to another comment Melkersen made in the documentary: "There is a concern, obviously, amongst Volkswagen that if a jury were to ever hear about any of this stuff that that could really impact the verdict in this case."
Volkswagen lawyers said that "pretrial publicity has connected (the company) directly with Hitler and the Holocaust," which they said was not relevant to a trial about alleged consumer fraud claims.
Melkersen called the VW legal motion "hogwash."
"This is another tactic to postpone their day of reckoning," Melkersen told Reuters by phone.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
VW has agreed to spend more than US$25 billion in the United States to address claims from owners, environmental regulators, U.S. states and dealers and to make buyback offers.
As part of that, Volkswagen said in 2016 it would buy back or fix nearly 500,000 polluting 2.0-liter diesel U.S. vehicles. About 2,000 owners opted out and most are pursuing court claims seeking additional compensation. The first trials could potentially set a template for the remaining suits.
The monkey tests were also sponsored by Daimler AG and BMW and both said this week they had suspended or moved staff linked to the testing. VW said the monkey tests were approved by an independent review board to protect animals.
(Reporting by David Shepardson, Editing by Rosalba O'Brien)
After the Lakers gave up 40 points to the Bulls' Jimmy Butler earlier this season, Luke Walton laid out the key to beating star-led teams.
“We let him get his and the role players all chipped in and do their part as well,” Walton said that November night, which ended with an eight-point loss for his team. “So, you know, you either take away the star or you take away the role players. You can't let everyone have a night.”
The Lakers (12-25) followed that advice for three quarters on Sunday, then forgot it in crunch time of a 123-114 loss to the Raptors (23-10) at the Staples Center.
The Lakers never bothered the Raptors' dynamic backcourt of Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan — Lowry finished with 41 while DeRozan had 31 — but mostly silenced the Raptors' other players. But the Lakers let them get a bit too involved as the game wore on, which resulted in a third straight loss and a sour start to the new year.
D'Angelo Russell fueled a late rally and led the Lakers with 28 points. Nick Young made seven three-pointers and finished with 26 points.
Young made three early three-pointers, which helped the Lakers keep pace as DeRozan scored 11 points in the first quarter. But a bigger boost came from Tarik Black and Thomas Robinson, who entered with other reserves and wreaked havoc inside.
Black, making his first appearance since playing three minutes in a win over the 76ers on Dec. 16 — an ankle injury has kept him from playing regular minutes since Dec. 5 — scored six points and collected eight rebounds in seven first-half minutes. Three of those rebounds came on the offensive end, and Thomas Robinson netted six points off three offensive boards.
The pair's work, along with Young's 12 points and seven first-half free throws from Julius Randle, was largely why the Lakers narrowly trailed at halftime, 58-57. DeRozan and Lowry each had 18 by the half, but the Raptors other seven scorers combined for only 22 points.
The start of the third quarter looked a lot like the first half. DeRozan and Lowry continued to pour shots through the rim, their teammates didn't, and a Young-fueled offensive charge gave the Lakers a small cushion to lean on. But there was just too much DeRozan for that to last, and his 31 points had the Raptors up by two going into the fourth.
Then the Raptors' secondary scorers found a rhythm and the Lakers were quickly staring down a more substantial deficit. Terrence Ross made a three-pointer. Backup point guard Cory Joseph scored four unanswered points. Rookie center Jakob Poeltl added four points. Soon Lowry was back to silencing the crowd with improbable three-pointers, but that was only after the Raptors' role players laid the foundation of a 19-point lead.
The Lakers made a late push, slicing that deficit down to six with hearty defense and five straight points from Russell. But it came too late. The Raptors presented the Lakers with another defensive puzzle, and left them unable to solve it.
EDWARDSVILLE – State's Attorney Tom Gibbons, Coroner Steve Nonn and Sheriff John Lakin are once again encouraging Madison County residents to bring their expired, or unwanted, prescription or over-the-counter medications to Edwardsville as part of the National Take-Back Initiative sponsored by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. The service is free and anonymous, no questions asked.
As part of Gibbons' ongoing participation in the Lock Your Meds public outreach campaign, he is again co-sponsoring a prescription drug collection site at the County Administration Building with Nonn and Lakin as part of the upcoming National Take-Back Initiative. The Edwardsville event is scheduled for 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, April 29, on the parking lot on Second Street behind the Madison County Administration Building, 157 N. Main St.
Last April, Americans turned in 447 tons (more than 893,000 pounds) of prescription drugs at almost 5,400 sites operated by the DEA and more than 4,200 of its state and local law enforcement partners. Overall, in its 11 previous Take Back events, DEA and its partners have taken in more than 6.4 million pounds — about 3,200 tons — of pills. Many local police departments in Madison County, including the Sheriff's Department, have permanent drop-off sites available for residents. A list of these sites can be found at co.madison.il.us/document_center/States_Attorney/LockUpMeds/Perm_site_drop_offs_October2015.pdf.
This initiative addresses a vital public safety and public health issue. Medicines that languish in home cabinets are highly susceptible to diversion, misuse and abuse. Rates of prescription drug abuse in the United States are alarmingly high, as are the number of accidental poisonings and overdoses because of these drugs. Studies show most abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including from the home medicine cabinet.
For more information on Lock Your Meds, visit the State's Attorney website at madco-sa.org. Other local police departments participating in National Take-Back Day include Edwardsville, East Alton, Alton, Highland, and Maryville. More information on those locations can be found at deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/index.html.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Vigil@nce - Cisco ASR: shell command execution
March 2018 by Vigil@nce
This bulletin was written by Vigil@nce : https://vigilance.fr/offer
SYNTHESIS OF THE VULNERABILITY
An authenticated local attacker can run shell commands under the "root" system account on Cisco ASR, in order to raise its privileges.
Impacted products: Cisco ASR.
Severity: 2/4.
Creation date: 19/01/2018.
DESCRIPTION OF THE VULNERABILITY
An authenticated local attacker can run shell commands under the "root" system account on Cisco ASR, in order to raise its privileges.
ACCESS TO THE COMPLETE VIGIL@NCE BULLETIN
https://vigilance.fr/vulnerability/...
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street fans were convinced that the ITV soap predicted that a Spice Girls reunion was on the cards after a number of timely references were made during tonight's episode.
Yesterday, it was revealed that the world-famous girl group would be reforming and it is reported that they are set to pocket £10million each.
They have since been spotted making their way to Geri Halliwell's house and teasingly shared the first picture of all five of them we have seen in six years.
This evening's episode of the soap, which was written at least a month ago, Gina made some "girl power" references as Sally worried about her flat tyre.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: emmaleebunton/Instagram)
Gina insisted that they could change the tyre and that they didn't need the men from the garage helping them.
"We can do it! There weren't any men in the Spice Girls," she said.
But Rosie responded: "Yes, and the Spice Girls weren't mechanics!"
Yet Gina insisted: "Come on Sal, Spice up your life!"
And fans couldn't believe it.
One viewer tweeted: "All the #spicegirls references on #Corrie it's as if they knew."
While another commented: "Very timely, these Spice Girls references. #Corrie."
A third questioned: "#corrie oh oh, did #Gina have insider info about the #SpiceGirls reforming?"
Spooky...
*Coronation Street returns on Monday at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV
new ASEAN MEETINGS
The Police Regional Office in Central Visayas (PRO-7) is now preparing for another round of meetings in Cebu by Southeast Asian leaders.
According to PRO-7 director Chief Supt. Noli Talino, around 300 senior officials of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) will be in Cebu City for week-long meetings beginning June 29 to July 7.
ADVERTISEMENT
This week, representatives from various government agencies met to discuss security preparations which may include the installation of signal jammers during the event.
“We are considering that plan like we did in the past big events,” said Taliño.
Talino explained that government is making sure that the security preparations will be “complete” and that all personnel and logistical requirements will be met.
This will be the second time Cebu will host the Asean meetings this year and the third time for Central Visayas.
Last April 3 to 7, a series of finance and defense meetings were held in Shangri-La Mactan Island Resort and Spa and Radisson Blu Hotel in Cebu.
Despite skirmishes between government troops and 11 members of the terrorist Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) in Bohol last April, an Asean trade ministers' meeting also went on as planned in Bohol from April 19 to 22.
During the Asean meetings held in Cebu and Bohol, around 5,000 security personnel from Central Visayas and its neighboring regions were deployed in the different venues.
However, this time, Taliño said the police and military personnel to be assigned will all be from the region.
“Manggagaling lahat sa PRO-7. Except that there will be some PNP na kasama na mismo ng delegates na close in security, but all other augmentation will all come from PRO-7 and AFP (Armed Forces of the Philippines) counterparts,” Taliño said.
(The security personnel will all be coming from PRO-7. Except that there will be some members of the police who are already working as close in security of the delegates. But all other augmentation will all come from PRO-7 and our AFP counterparts)
Last April, police secured mobile phone signal jammers in time for the Asean trade ministers' meeting in Bohol.
However, Taliño was tight-lipped on whether or not they would use the jammers which prevent cellular phones from receiving signals from base stations.
“It will all depend on the situation as the meetings progress,” Taliño then said.
Shares of Clarkson (LSE: CKN) are trading 1.55% higher at 2,684p mid-morning after the company reported a “strong financial performance” in the six months to 30 June and lifted its interim dividend by 4.5%. The world's leading shipping services group is one of two FTSE 250 stocks I think look good value for investors today. They also offer valuable diversification, because they're both in business sectors that aren't represented in the FTSE 100. Promising outlook Clarkson's strong first-half performance saw revenue increase by 12% on the same period last year and a 9% uplift in underlying earnings per share (EPS)….
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Shares of Clarkson (LSE: CKN) are trading 1.55% higher at 2,684p mid-morning after the company reported a “strong financial performance” in the six months to 30 June and lifted its interim dividend by 4.5%.
The world's leading shipping services group is one of two FTSE 250 stocks I think look good value for investors today. They also offer valuable diversification, because they're both in business sectors that aren't represented in the FTSE 100.
Promising outlook
Clarkson's strong first-half performance saw revenue increase by 12% on the same period last year and a 9% uplift in underlying earnings per share (EPS). This was despite the continuation of “some challenging market conditions.”
With £117m cash and no debt at the period end, the company, which has a market cap of £811m, said: “Our solid cash position means that irrespective of market conditions, we are able to invest in the business for future growth, deliver increasing returns to shareholders and take advantage of strategic opportunities as they arise.”
Furthermore, the outlook for the second half and into 2018 looks promising, as management noted “very early signs of recovery in some of the major shipping markets are emerging.”
Strong dividend record
Ahead of today's numbers, City analysts were forecasting full-year EPS of 111.4p, followed by a 21% increase to 135.2p in 2018. This gives a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 24, falling to 20. The shares look very buyable to me on this rating due to the growth on offer, particularly as I see potential for earnings upgrades in the coming months.
The shipping sector is both cyclical and volatile but it's a measure of the strength of Clarkson's business that it's delivered 14 years of consecutive dividend growth — so, through the financial crisis as well as the recent challenging market conditions. The record is set to be extended with a forecast dividend of 68p this year, followed by 73p next year, giving a handy yield of 2.5%, rising to 2.7%.
Brands powerhouse
The other FTSE 250 firm that looks a good buy to me today is Britvic (LSE: BVIC). It's the biggest London-listed soft drinks group — a market cap of £1.95bn at a share price of 740p — and has a stable of notable brands. These include Robinsons, J2O and Fruit Shoot, which are the UK number ones in the squash, premium juice and kids' soft drink categories respectively.
The company's strong position at home is supplemented by its increasing internationalisation, where a tremendous long-term growth opportunity in massive markets, such as the US and Brazil, is already being grasped.
Britvic is forecast to deliver EPS of 49.1p this year, followed by 51.5p next year, giving a P/E of 15.1, falling to 14.4. Meanwhile, forecast dividends of 25.3p and 26.3p give a yield of 3.4%, rising to 3.6%. I think this looks a highly appealing package for a defensive business with prospects of steadily rising earnings and dividends over the long term.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) – Here at Roda Parks Circle, there's a special art contest going on… in fact, you may be wondering why there are cars parked in such an open, public space!
We're here with Brad and Jason, to announce the winner of this year's “Design and Drive” Art Contest.
>>> Take a look in the video above.
And the winner is…
“Metamorphosis” by Alla Dickson
Sponsored by Crown Honda
“Honda is your Canvas”
Hundreds of design ideas were submitted online. Six finalists were selected over the summer, applied directly to a vinyl vehicle wrap live during the launch of the festival, and put to a public vote independently organized by the West Michigan Honda Dealers.
The winner was announced during the final week of ArtPrize, and will receive a 24-Month lease on a new 2017 Honda Civic.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Reversing its three-day downward trend, the rupee recovered by 17 paise to 63.96 against the US dollar in early trade today on fresh selling of the American currency by exporters.Besides, the dollar's weakness against some currencies overseas and early gains in the domestic equity market supported the rupee.The rupee had lost 5 paise to close 64.13 against the US currency in Friday's trade due to sustained demand for the American currency from importers and corporates.Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex was quoting higher by 190.65 points or 0.61 per cent at 31,404.24 in opening trade today.
Swiss Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter will resign at the end of October, he announced on Wednesday, shuffling the political deck as neutral Switzerland tries to redefine its relations with the European Union.
ZURICH: Swiss Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter will resign at the end of October, he announced on Wednesday, shuffling the political deck as neutral Switzerland tries to redefine its relations with the European Union.
Burkhalter, 57, has championed putting EU ties on a new footing via a treaty formalising relations now based on a patchwork of bilateral economic accords. The idea has run into opposition from critics, especially from the right wing.
"I know it will be difficult for the negotiations with the EU to go into the direction I would like them to go," he told a hastily called news conference after his surprise announcement, but stressed he was not quitting out of frustration over policy.
"The (outcome of the) game is open, and the government now has to decide how it wants to play the game," he said, adding the departure of just one player can change the dynamics.
Burkhalter, a member of the business-friendly Liberal Democratic party, has been a member of the seven-person cabinet since 2009 and foreign minister since 2012. He held the rotating Swiss presidency in 2014.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He gave no details of what he might do next, saying only he wanted to be less in the public limelight. "I need more space for a private life," he said.
Switzerland in December dodged a direct conflict with the EU over the free movement of citizens, a pillar of bilateral ties, when parliament passed a law aimed at curbing immigration by giving local people first crack at open jobs.
(Reporting by Michael Shields; editing by Ken Ferris)
Quote of the Day
“Our government continues to be in unbelievable turmoil. I hope they sort it out soon because we're a nation at war… As a commander, I'm concerned our government be as stable as possible.”
— Gen. Tony Thomas, head of the military's Special Operations Command, quoted by the New York Times.
Authorities lifted mandatory evacuation orders Tuesday for communities downstream of the imperiled Oroville Dam amid a lessened flood risk, but they stressed an incoming storm system means the danger is not over and that many residents would have to again.
Although the storms are expected to be far weaker than the ones that inundated Northern California last week, any additional rainfall could exacerbate the problems in the region, where more than 100,000 people were evacuated Sunday amid concerns that a damaged spillway at Oroville Dam could fail.
Officials have been lowering the level of Lake Oroville for several days, preparing for the storm. Both the main and emergency spillways are damaged, but officials are hoping to continue using the main spillway throughout the storm to keep the lake below maximum capacity. By doing that, they hope to avoid more water flowing down the emergency spillway, which was so damaged Sunday that officials feared it could collapse and cause major flooding downstream.
“All residents are advised to remain vigilant and prepared as conditions can rapidly change,” the Butte County Sheriff's Office said in a statement. Residents, authorities said, should be prepared to evacuate again at a moment's notice should new problems arise.
The storm system is expected to arrive late Wednesday or early Thursday morning and could bring 2 to 4 inches of rainfall over Lake Oroville, said Tom Dang, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Sacramento. Another storm Friday could drop an additional 1 to 3 inches on the region and is expected to have a much greater impact on Southern California.
“There's no real sign at this stage of any let-up in the precipitation,” Dang said.
The Northern California rain is also expected to be much cooler than last week's. That's good news when it comes to flood concerns. Warmer storms cause mountain snowpack to melt more quickly, sending runoff coursing into rivers, canals and reservoirs.
Last week's storm was “very warm,” with snow levels as high as 8,000 feet and higher, Dang said. This week, snow levels are forecast at 5,000 to 6,000 feet, which is much more typical for a storm this time of year, he said.
In the five days from Feb. 6 to Friday, Oroville received more than 6 inches of rain, according to the National Weather Service. The surrounding mountains and foothills received up to 24 inches of rain and snow in the same time period.
The storm's runoff sent water into the Oroville reservoir at an average rate of 115,260 cubic feet per second, data show. The lake's water level climbed 50 feet in five days.
In addition to the crisis at Oroville Dam, several levees throughout the region have seen structural damage, adding to the flood threat, Dang said. Many reservoirs in Northern California are having to release large amounts of water, causing rivers to rise.
Portions of the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers are at or near flood stage, he said. The Feather River, downstream from Lake Oroville, has seen flooding for several days.
Although this week's storms are expected to be smaller, they're “certainly impactful,” Dang said.
“The storms last week have really left Northern California in a vulnerable state right now, and any amount of rainfall isn't helpful at this stage.”
Forecasters say there is a potential for another series of strong storms in Northern California early next week that could bring additional flooding, though they are less confident about the specifics because it is still early, Dang said.
Christina Widener, 51, evacuated with her husband and her 94-year-old grandmother, who suffers from dementia. They drove to Red Bluff, about 60 miles away, before finding a motel room.
"I think it made sense at the time," she said of the hasty evacuation order Sunday evening. "But I wish she hadn't left."
The mother of four has lived in her bungalow near the river's edge for 32 years, and in 1997 defied an evacuation order despite the threat of arrest.
"We didn't leave then and nothing happened," she said, grabbing boots and a kitty container out of the back of her Ford SUV.
Widener had nothing but praise for the hospitality of Red Bluff — waitresses offered to pay for their meals, strangers invited them to stay in their homes. Someone even offered to do their laundry.
"They were awesome," she said.
Although some evacuees drove far from Oroville, others made arrangements to stay with family or friends who reside in the foothills behind the lake — safe ground should the dam fail.
"As long as you are up above, you should be good, right?" said Jerry Smith, a 26-year-old solar installer. He finished loading frozen pizzas and bottled waters at a newly reopened grocery store, and was anxious to move on with his wife.
"I'm sorry, but we've got to go. We haven't been home yet."
Was he anxious?
"No, we should be OK."
In Southern California, meanwhile, the storm system expected to arrive on Friday could provide a walloping, with possible flash flooding, mudslides and rock slides.
“The Friday storm in particular could in fact become the strongest of the season in the Los Angeles region,” said UCLA climate scientist Daniel Swain.
A slow-moving storm is expected to debut into the Southland with some light rain Thursday night or Friday morning, but is expected to dump large amounts of rain in a short time frame during its peak Friday afternoon and evening, said Ryan Kittell, a forecaster with the National Weather Service in Oxnard.
Rainfall totals for the Los Angeles metropolitan area are predicted to be between 2 to 4 inches, with 6 to 8 inches expected in the mountains and foothills, he said.
“The raw numbers don't look that scary, but if we get the bulk of that coming over a small period, that will cause a lot of issues,” Kittell said. Much of that rain could fall within a 12-hour period Friday, and it could fall at a rate of more than an inch per hour, he said.
There is a high likelihood, Kittell said, for a “lot of roadway flooding,” as well as falling trees because the storm also is expected to usher in powerful winds.
hailey.branson@latimes.com
A jury has ruled in favor of Taylor Swift, awarding the pop star a whopping $1 in her sexual assault case against former radio DJ David Mueller.
The Grammy-winning entertainer sought the symbolic amount in her federal counter-lawsuit against Mueller as a chance to stand up for other women. She took the stand last week to testify that Mueller stayed attached to her bare backside during a photo op with him and his then-girlfriend Shannon Melcher, who also testified in the case.
"That single dollar is of immeasurable value in the scheme of things," Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge said in closing arguments on Monday (via the Denver Post). "It says no means no for all women."
After he and Mueller's lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, delivered their closing arguments and after nearly four hours of deliberation, the jury -- of six women and two men -- decided that Mueller assaulted the then-23-year-old singer by groping her at a 2013 pre-concert meet-and-greet at Denver's Pepsi Center.
"I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process,” Swift said in a statement reported by TV station Denver7.
Islamabad-A new research suggested that snow shovelling can increase the risk of heart attack.
Researchers led by Dr Nathalie Auger, of the University of Montreal Hospital Research Centre in Montréal, Quebec, examined data from two databases, gathering a total of 128,073 patient admissions and 68,155 MI-induced deaths that occurred in Quebec between 1981 and 2014.
They analysed the data only in areas prone to heavy snowfalls, and they collected information during the winter months between November and April.
Furthermore, the researchers received detailed weather information from Environment Canada for each of the regions studied, such as daily snowfall and temperature.
Overall, Dr Auger and team found an association between heavy snowfall and a higher risk of both nonfatal and fatal MI.
Specifically, heavy snowfall - defined as approximately 20 centimetres - correlated with a 16 per cent relative increase in the chances of being admitted to the hospital due to an MI. Heavy snow was also associated with a 34 per cent relative increase in the odds of dying from an MI in men.
Approximately 60 per cent of MI-related hospital admissions and deaths were in men, but no adverse cardiovascular effects were noticed in women.
The study also found that the probability of fatal MI increased proportionally with the consecutive number of snow days. The likelihood rose particularly in the day most close to the snowfall period, with a third of the MIs in men occurring the day following a snowfall. This association was even stronger for longer-lasting snowfalls - 2 to 3 days, for example.
As Dr David Alter points out in an accompanying commentary to the study, this makes the possibility of causality between snow shoveling and MI very plausible.
Lastly, the authors also point out some limitations to their observational study. There is no data on gender-specific snow-shovelling habits, or other behaviours that may have taken place immediately before the snowfall. Researchers were also unaware of how the snow removal was done - manually or with the help of a snow blower, for instance.
Furthermore, in his review, Dr Alter points out that if snow shovelling was indeed accountable for the adverse health effects, the risks of comorbidities, frailty, and MI should have risen along with the risk of cardiovascular events.
Despite these “important considerations, the hypothesis that shovelling is associated with an increased risk of MI events among men remains plausible,” the authors write.
Dr Nathalie Auger said that “We suspect that shovelling was the main mechanism linking snowfall with MI. Men are potentially more likely than women to shovel, particularly after heavy snowfalls. Snow shovelling is a demanding cardiovascular exercise requiring more than 75 per cent of the maximum heart rate, particularly with heavy loads.” Meanwhile a new research suggested that obesity resulting from a high-fat diet can trigger the immune system to increase inflammation and raise the risk of cardiovascular diseases that lead to heart attacks and stroke.
The study - funded by the British Heart Foundation (BHF) and led by Queen Mary University of London (QMUL.
Corresponding author Federica Marelli-Berg, a BHF professor of cardiovascular immunology at QMUL, says that their research reveals “a direct link between the food we eat, our weight, and dangerous inflammation which can cause heart disease.”
The plaque comprises fatty substances, cholesterol, cellular waste, and other factors. As it builds up in the artery walls, the arteries harden and narrow, making it harder for blood to flow through them.
If a blood clot forms in a diseased artery, it can impede blood flow and lead to a heart attack or stroke. The new study reveals a new link between obesity and heart disease risk that occurs via the triggering of an immune response involving a type of white blood cell called T cells.
The researchers also conducted experiments in which they showed that mice fed on high-fat diets had higher levels of T cells than mice fed on normal diets. This, together with results from tests with different types of T cell, led them to conclude that a high-fat diet biases the development of T cells to produce more “inflammatory effectors memory CD4+ T cells.”
The team also found a cell signalling pathway that is key to the developmental bias, and showed that inactivating it corrects the bias.
Prof Marelli-Berg says that drugs that target the pathway are already being tested as a cancer treatment and thus, “it might be possible to repurpose these drugs for the treatment of heart disease.”
“This study shows that what we eat may also have an effect on our cardiovascular health via our immune system.”
The researchers say that more studies now need to take the findings further - for example, to discover how long the harmful T cells persist at high levels in the blood.
England will face their toughest World Cup test against Sweden in the quarter-finals, a task more daunting than taking on tournament favourites Brazil, former England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson said.
LONDON: England will face their toughest World Cup test against Sweden in the quarter-finals, a task more daunting than taking on tournament favourites Brazil, former England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson said.
England booked their place in the last eight by edging past Colombia in a penalty shootout on Tuesday to raise hopes of a first World Cup title since 1966.
Advertisement
"It would be easier for England to beat Brazil than to beat Sweden in my opinion, Sweden today are a very hard team to break down," Swede Eriksson, who led England to the 2002 and 2006 World Cup quarter-finals, told Paddy Power News.
"England has a great chance to make a World Cup semi-final. But, if anyone in the squad thinks they have an easy game on Saturday, they're wrong.
"It'll be the most difficult game they'll have played so far, they can bet on that."
Sweden reached the World Cup last eight for the first time since finishing third in 1994 after a scrappy 1-0 victory over Switzerland on Tuesday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Sweden are so difficult to break down. They are very solid and really tough. If you woke them up in the middle of the night, they would know every position in defending – any possibility in the game, they know what to do.
"Their strikers are defenders when it's time to defend and they can defend in their own box as well.
"During my time with England we met them four times. We lost once, and the others were a draw and, going back before that, Sweden have beaten England in big games. My brain says England, though my heart says Sweden."
England had never won a penalty shootout at the World Cup before Tuesday and Eriksson believes overcoming that barrier will prove to be a big boost in the latter stages of the tournament.
"Everyone gets worried when a game goes to penalties, and with the record England has in competitions, it's huge in England that they've managed to win the shootout here... it's great for confidence because of England's history," he said.
Gareth Southgate's England side face Sweden in Samara on Saturday.
(Reporting by Arjun Panchadar in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
: Indian insurance companies are lagging their global counterparts in increasing investment in digital technologies and will need to adopt technology required to launch products that meet customer needs, a study by industry chamber CII said on Sunday."Global average investment in digital technologies is increasing over the years, while the insurance industry in India is lagging, both in its level of digitalisation and its ability to realise financial returns on its digital investments," said a joint CII-PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) report.The report on "Evolving Considerations for the Indian Insurance Industry" also said that with increasing smartphone penetration and internet access, insurance companies will need to adapt to the modern customer needs by adopting the new technological infrastructure."Insurers must adapt to new-age customers' needs, leverage on the explosion of data and digital footprint and the changing investment environment," the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) said in a release here."Mobile adoption and internet trends under Digital India banner are bringing in a new generation of customers who are conversant and comfortable with using technology for their financial decisions."It is important to adapt to strategies that align with these changing trends to stay ahead of competition," it added.Leveraging low-cost digital distribution channels for sales and service is likely to play a significant role in helping insurance companies deepen market penetration, the report said.Moreover, simplification of processes will also lead to some degree of uniformity in the expectations of customers."There needs to be a simplification of products in the areas of policy benefit, wording of policy, application process and the claim process," CII said."The insurers could focus on 'One Need One Product' scenaroo, where customers are provided simplified products that cater to their specific needs," it added.The report also said that with digitalisation, insurance companies should be wary of new methods of fraud.It stresses on three key areas relevant to the insurance sector - simple products and low-cost distribution, digitisation and fraud management, and broadening the investment horizon.
Don Matthews, one of the most prolific coaches in CFL history, died Wednesday at the age of 77.
They called him “The Don,” and with good reason.
A larger-than-life character with a sharp wit who thrived in the spotlight, Matthews took wicked pleasure in keeping people around him on edge with his abrasive, no-nonsense style. The Hall of Famer had 231 wins and 10 Grey Cups on his resume.
READ MORE: Former CFL coach Don Matthews says he has cancer in his lymph nodes
But he was also a controversial figure who had a high-risk, high-reward philosophy.
Players traditionally loved suiting up for him because of his reputation for creating a winning atmosphere and protecting his athletes. During the regular season, Matthews' teams rarely hit during practice and he routinely allowed his players to participate in creating the weekly game plan.
Yet he maintained his distance. While known for being a “player's coach,” he could also be ruthless when it came to making tough personnel decisions and he wasn't afraid to bench a veteran or cut him outright if he wasn't producing.
We remember that time "The Don" was a part of the Greatest #CFL Song of All-Time. We will miss you Coach. ➡https://t.co/YPCClnqbUc pic.twitter.com/AFlPwM6ZQW — CFL (@CFL) June 14, 2017
“It's that balance and to do that you must be brilliant,” said running back/slotback Mike (Pinball) Clemons, who won two Grey Cups over three seasons playing for Matthews in Toronto. “Some people try to be a player's coach but they let it go too far and the players run the roost.
“He was a player's coach but he was also the boss and everybody knew that.”
Matthews was also brutally honest, a trait reporter covering his teams knew well as he would call them out publicly for asking what he deemed to be an inappropriate question.
But even the press corps respected him, voting Matthews the CFL's coach of the year five times.
The Toronto Argonauts said he died Wednesday morning in Beaverton, Ore. He had announced in 2012 he was battling cancer.
In a statement, the CFL called Matthews “one of a kind.”
“Upon hearing of the passing of Don Matthews, the Canadian Football League family is both deeply saddened by this loss and grateful for his many contributions to our league,” the statement said.
Charismatic and brash with a sandpaper personality, Matthews was also a CFL winner from the beginning.
The Eskimos mourn the passing of former head coach Don Matthews. Condolences to the Matthew's family and friends. pic.twitter.com/efU9f2UvQv — Edmonton Eskimos (@EdmontonEsks) June 14, 2017
The native of Amesbury, Mass., who eventually became a Canadian citizen, began his CFL coaching career as an assistant with the Edmonton Eskimos in 1977 before being promoted to defensive co-ordinator the following season. He helped the club win five straight Grey Cup titles from 1978 to '82 before being named the B.C. Lions head coach in 1983.
Matthews spent 22 seasons as a CFL head coach with B.C., Baltimore, Saskatchewan, Edmonton, Toronto and Montreal, reaching the Grey Cup nine times and winning a record five championships as a head coach. He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2011.
“He was, quite frankly, the best leader I've ever been around,” Clemons said. “He taught me so much and the majority of those lessons you didn't realize were lessons until after the experience when you realized you walked away with more than you gave, more than you were promised and much more than you were entitled to.
“He was magical in his approach, he was infectious. But uniquely, he had a way of bringing out the best in people, he put you in the best position to be successful.”
And that included Clemons, who said Matthews allowed him to be a full-time running back for the first time in his career in 1996. That season, Clemons had more receiving yards (1,268) than rushing (286), which was a break from the football norm.
WATCH: The CFL reveals its new look
“He changed his philosophy, he changed the game to accommodate my skill set in a time where that really didn't happen,” Clemons said.
Matthews' influence on Clemons continued when he served as Argos head coach from 2000 to 2007.
“I think I was true enough to who I was, I didn't try to be him because you couldn't,” Clemons said. “There was only one Don Matthews.
“While I didn't try to be him, much of who he is become who I was because of his influence.”
More often, the public's view of Matthews was as a free-spirited straight shooter who was never lacking in self confidence. He was passionate about riding big motorcycles and launched a CD and video of the rallying chant “What Time is It?” based on a speech he gave during the Montreal Alouettes' 2002 Grey Cup victory parade.
But there were physical signs late in his career that time had caught up with Matthews. His face had become rounder and often appeared more flush. He was known to use a golf cart to get around during Alouettes practice, rather than walk.
Prior to the 2004 East Division final versus Toronto, Matthews downplayed his reputation, saying “I have a passion for milk and cookies. I have a way more boring life than some of you might think.”
WATCH: CFL tribute to fallen soldiers culminates with thousands singing O Canada
But Matthews was anything but boring.
He was a master at moulding players to suit his systems. Routinely his defences were ranked at or near the top of most CFL categories, yet his players were well down in the individual statistical races.
Matthews was never afraid to put it on the line in a big game and in 2003, he rode an attacking, blitzing Alouettes defence into the 2003 Grey Cup despite having rookies D.J. Johnson and Brandon Williams at cornerback.
He stubbornly refused to change his philosophy in the CFL title game that year, choosing to blitz freely throughout and put Johnson and Williams in man coverage against more experienced receivers. The move backfired as Edmonton quarterback Ricky Ray continually victimized Johnson and Williams in leading the Eskimos to a 34-22 victory.
Though he rarely showed it publicly, Matthews also had a softer side.
When he was Argos head coach, he attended a book launch for Clemons. Matthews was holding Clemons' baby daughter Raven during the news conference when she began to squirm. To calm the little girl, Matthews removed one of her shoes and gently rubbed the bottom of her foot, settling her down immediately.
“That's really what I think was unique about him, he was a man of all seasons,” Clemons said. “Most of the time people don't do it and you discourage leaders to do that mostly because they can't.
“The key thing here was he could and he did. He had this wonderful personal touch and he changed lives.”
For weeks now the Okanagan's main issue has been too much water. Okanagan residents have been fortifying their homes against rising lake levels.
However, even as flooding concerns continue, mayors from up and down the valley gathered in Kelowna on Wednesday to call on residents to conserve water this summer.
READ MORE: Okanagan Lake level dips but doesn't indicate peak has been reached
Officials acknowledged the irony, but say that doesn't change the fact that the region's water fortunes could change.
Chair of the Okanagan Basin Water Board, Tracy Gray, said the region is on track for a warmer than normal summer.
“As we get into the heat of August and September, we need to make sure that we have enough water then in order to get us through,” said Gray.
READ MORE: Bracing for wind and more flooding in the Okanagan
“We could be worrying about the water level in our reservoirs come September,” added West Kelowna mayor, Doug Findlater.
Our water habits this year could also have long-term implications.
“When we think about water and drought…we actually have to think a couple of years out,” said Findlater.
“We have to think if we draw down our reservoirs this summer and we have a low snow pack winter next year, are we going to be in trouble next year?”
In the short term, conserving water will also take the pressure of local water treatment systems.
Flindlater said the water treatment plant in West Kelowna is being taxed as ground water seeps into pipes and residents pump out flooded crawl spaces.
READ MORE: Unattended campfire likely cause of wildfire near West Kelowna
So despite the soggy start to the year, officials are encouraging homeowners to take conservation measures.
Those include watering lawns at night, making sure sprinklers are directed at plants not roads or sidewalks and waiting longer to mow. They recommend a 2 to 3 inch lawn.
Drought unlikely this summer
The province said the “likelihood of a significant drought in the Okanagan is low this year,” but summer temperatures are expected to be somewhat higher than usual.
“The most recent June 1 snow bulletin indicated the snowpacks in [the] Okanagan were 228 per cent of normal. Snow will gradually melt over the next month or two, recharging streams, lakes and groundwater. Water levels will remain higher than normal well into the summer in the Okanagan,” said provincial water stewardship manager Valerie Cameron.
“However, if there is an extended period of hot dry weather combined with higher than normal water usage, there may be some stress on water supplies.”
The province said even though the drought risk is low residents should still continue to conserve water as usual.
Insider
The Vegas Golden Knights jumped to an early lead in the Stanley Cup Final with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals. The series continues on Wednesday night in Las Vegas.
Here are some of the best bets for Game 2.
Note: All odds via Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook as of May 30.
Vegas Golden Knights vs. Washington Capitals
Wednesday, May 30, 8 p.m. ET in Las Vegas
Editor's Picks Four questions for the Capitals heading into Game 2 Do you buy Alex Ovechkin's "nerves" argument from Game 1? Who needs to step up in Game 2? We hit the big topics here.
Putting the Golden Knights in context How unlikely is it that the Golden Knights are in the Stanley Cup Final? We compare the Vegas season with the other long-odd title runs of recent years, including that of Leicester City in the EPL.
Five things we learned in Game 1 of the Cup Final Vegas' fourth line was electrifying, the refs largely swallowed their whistles and the pregame show didn't disappoint. What will carry over to Game 2? 2 Related
The Latest on a shooting at Tennessee restaurant that left four dead (all times local):
Photo: Metro Nashville PD
10:50 a.m.
A Nashville judge has revoked the bond of a man accused of killing four people at a Waffle House restaurant.
Court records show that a judge struck the $2 million bond for Travis Reinking until a hearing can be held Wednesday. The records did not give a reason why General Sessions Judge Michael Mondelli revoked the bond.
Reinking has been charged with four counts of criminal homicide. Police say the 29-year-old man opened fire outside the restaurant with an AR-15 rifle and then stormed the restaurant, wearing only a green jacket. Four other people were injured in the shooting.
An attorney listed as Reinking's lawyer did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
__
Without knowing who he was or what he might do, police briefly had Travis Reinking in their sights days before the deadly assault on a Waffle House restaurant.
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week, officers decided against a risky police chase, knowing the car had a GPS device and could soon be located.
Sure enough, the car was recovered the same day, outside Reinking's apartment. But police didn't figure out who stole it until Sunday, after the Waffle House attack. By then, police say, the 29-year-old with a troubled past used an assault weapon — the same AR-15 once taken from him at the FBI's request — to kill four people and wound four others.
Reinking escaped on foot from the restaurant after a quick-thinking customer wrestled the gun from his grasp, and he shed the only item of clothing he was wearing, a green jacket. By the time he was captured in the woods nearby, police had searched his apartment, and found the key fob to the stolen BMW.
Nashville Police Department Lt. Carlos Lara told reporters that a detective was tipped to the suspect's presence by some construction workers, and confronted Reinking, who lay down on the ground to be handcuffed. He carried a black backpack, with a silver semi-automatic weapon and .45-caliber ammunition.
Reinking then asked for a lawyer and was taken to a hospital before being booked. He was formally charged late Monday with four counts of criminal homicide and held on a $2 million bond, court records show.
The arrest ended a 24-hour manhunt involving more than 160 law enforcement officers, but it left troubling unanswered questions about official responses to months of bizarre behavior before the restaurant attack, including encounters with police in Illinois and Colorado and an arrest at the White House that raised red flags.
In May 2016, Reinking told deputies from Tazewell County, Illinois, that music superstar Taylor Swift was stalking him and hacking his phone. Reinking agreed to go to a local hospital for an evaluation after repeatedly resisting the request, the sheriff's report said.
He would make a similar claim about Swift in Salida, Colorado, nearly a year later, in March 2017, authorities there said.
Another Illinois sheriff's report said Reinking barged into a community pool in Tremont last June and jumped into the water wearing a pink woman's coat over his underwear. Investigators believed he had an AR-15 rifle in his car trunk, but it was never displayed. No charges were filed.
Last July, Reinking was arrested by the U.S. Secret Service after he entered a restricted area near the White House and refused to leave, saying he wanted to meet President Donald Trump. Reinking was not armed, but at the FBI's request, Illinois police revoked his state firearms card. Four guns, including the AR-15 used in the shootings, were transferred to his father, a procedure allowed under Illinois law.
Signs of paranoid delusions continued: In August, Reinking told police he wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into his computer and phone and people "barking like dogs" outside his residence, according to a report.
"There's certainly evidence that there's some sort of mental health issues involved," Tazewell County Sheriff Robert Huston said.
Huston said Jeffrey Reinking pledged he would "keep the weapons secure and out of the possession of Travis." And Don Aaron, a Nashville Police spokesman, said Reinking's father "has now acknowledged giving them back" to his son.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives special Agent Marcus Watson said Monday that his father's action is "potentially a violation of federal law."
Phone calls to a number listed for the father went unanswered.
It is not clear why Reinking moved recently from Morton, Illinois, and if it had anything to do with being near Swift. She has a home in Nashville, though it is not her only residence. Police say he worked in construction for a while.
Police said about 20 customers were in the restaurant when Reinking opened fire. The first victims were Taurean Sanderlin, 29, of Goodlettsville, and Joe Perez, 20, of Nashville, shot down in the parking lot.
Sanderlin was an employee at the restaurant. Perez's mother, Trisha Perez, told the Tennessean newspaper after traveling from Texas to collect his body that she pinged her son's cellphone and was horrified to see the locator saying it was at the Waffle House.
DeEbony Groves, 21, a student at Nashville's Belmont University; and Akilah Dasilva, 23, a rap artist and music video producer, were killed inside the restaurant before customer James Shaw Jr. grabbed the hot muzzle of the assault weapon and wrestled it away.
Shaw, 29, a Nashville native who works as a wireless technician for AT&T, has been hailed as a hero.
___
Associated Press writers John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Ed White in Detroit; and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Arista Nashville
Brad Paisley just released the second single from his Love and War album, which comes out Friday. While you should soon start hearing “Last Time for Everything” on the radio soon, Brad shot the video for yet another track this weekend on the outskirts of Nashville.
The West Virginia native and his band performed the new song, “Heaven South,” in the back of a vintage pick-up as it cruised down Main Street in downtown Franklin, according to The Tennessean.
Around 400 volunteers turned out to be part of the audience for the shoot, which started around 6 p.m. on Saturday. Brad and his band then moved to a flat-bed trailer situated on the historic square in the quaint town.
Brad, who lives nearby, told the audience he picked Franklin for the shoot because the song makes him think about the town.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Like this: Like Loading...
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Australia spinner Nathan Lyon has spoken out against the International Cricket Council's (ICC) decision to broadcast sound from the stump microphone at all times and the introduction of audible obscenities as a new offence.
REUTERS: Australia spinner Nathan Lyon has spoken out against the International Cricket Council's (ICC) decision to broadcast sound from the stump microphone at all times and the introduction of audible obscenities as a new offence.
The ICC announced four new violations into its revised code of conduct on Monday - attempting to gain an unfair advantage (cheating, other than ball-tampering), personal abuse, audible obscenity and disobeying an umpire's instructions.
Advertisement
The governing body also introduced harsher sanctions for ball-tampering at its five-day Annual Conference in Dublin.
"I totally agree with the ball-tampering stuff, but to be honest with you, I'm not the biggest fan of the stump mics being turned up," Lyon said on The Unplayable Podcast.
"I think what's on the field needs to stay on the field.
The 30-year-old, who last played for Australia in their final one-day international of the five-match series defeat by England last month, believes players often curse at their own failings under pressure, which might not be the best example for young fans.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I'm not saying swearing is OK, but when you're competing at the highest level and under extreme amounts of pressure, sometimes you miss your skill and therefore an expletive may come out," he added.
"But we're going to have young kids watching so as grown men we need to try and pull our heads in and realise that we're massive role models for the game."
Australia are competing in a Twenty20 international tri-series against Pakistan and Zimbabwe and, having beaten both their opponents convincingly in the opening two matches, they face the South Asian nation again on Thursday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Keith Weir)
LONDON (Reuters) - British laboratory tests on the fire safety of building materials are inadequate, research for the insurance industry in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire showed on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: The burnt out remains of the Grenfell apartment tower are seen in North Kensington, London, Britain, June 18, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall/File Photo
At least 71 people died in the fire in the social housing block in west London in June 2017.
Test fires for buildings only use wood, whereas plastic makes up 20 percent of the material in actual fires, according to the research commissioned by the Association of British Insurers.
Grenfell Tower was clad in plastic-filled aluminium panels.
A test fire containing 20 percent plastic was 100 degrees Celsius hotter than an all-wood fire, the research by the Fire Protection Association showed.
Also, cladding materials are sometimes tested as a sealed unit, but when they are fitted on a building they often include gaps, the research showed.
Materials are also tested in manufacturers' conditions, but in use they are often pierced by vents or ducts, the research showed.
“The current cladding test standard requires urgent review to ensure that systems that pass are reflective ... of the risks to which they are exposed,” Jonathan O'Neill, managing director of the Fire Protection Association said.
Only non-combustible materials should be used in construction and the testing regime should be reformed to reflect real world conditions, the Association of British Insurers said in its submission to a government-commissioned independent review of buildings regulations and fire safety.
“Fundamental reform is needed to keep our homes and commercial premises safe from fire,” Huw Evans, director general of the ABI, said.
The ABI also called for mandatory sprinklers in new schools, care homes and warehouses of more than 2,000 square meters and a review of sprinklers in other buildings.
Installing sprinklers can cut property insurance premiums by up to 50 percent, the ABI said.
The final report from the independent review is expected in the next few weeks.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A huge cyst popped so loudly that it even shocked the doctor who was removing it.
Grim footage shows Michael Lewis - who has made a career from popping spots - recoil as the pus-filled lump is removed.
The video shows the cyst popping twice as the patient , whose identity is not revealed, lies still.
Michael, from Los Angeles, California, said: "This nice guy came in to have his cyst squeezed. You can hear two loud audible pops as the contents leave the cyst.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
"I flinched when it happened, it's not the biggest spot I've treated but it is the loudest."
Michael graduated from medical school 12 years ago and has since become a certified physician.
He added: "I have always enjoyed performing procedures on lumps and bumps. It is one of my favourite things to do.
"Nothing bothers me too much as far as procedures go, however if the smell is bad, it can be really tough."
Markets regulator SEBI on Monday imposed a total penalty of Rs 28 lakh on three promoters of Hydro S&S Industries for disclosure lapses.According to the regulator, five promoters of the firm -- Vidya Srinivasan, V Srinivasan, Murali Srinivasan Venkatraman, Narayan Sethuraman and Suchitra Murali Balakrishnan -- had executed inter-se transfer of shares among themselves in March 2011, October 2012 and December 2012.It was alleged that following the transactions, the promoters did not make the required disclosures under SAST (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations as well as PIT (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations to the company and the stock exchanges where the shares of the firm were listed within the stipulated time.The first transaction, which took place in March 2011, was between V Srinivasan and Vidya Srinivasan. However, the regulator disposed of proceedings against the two promoters following their demise earlier this year.In October 2012, Murali Srinivasan Venkatraman and Narayan Sethuraman transferred 17,31,700 shares amounting to 27.02 percent of voting rights of the company to Vidya Srinivasan, following which their respective shareholding in the firm fell to nil from 14.54 per cent and 12.48 percent, respectively.In an order, the regulator noted that both the promoters failed to disclose the change in their shareholding to the company and the stock exchanges within the stipulated time, violating takeover as well as insider trading norms.In December 2012, Suchitra Murali Balakrishanan had transferred 46,000 shares each to the four other promoters as a result of which her shareholding fell from 4.55 percent to 1.67 percent and that of Murali Srinivasan Venkatraman and Narayan Sethuraman increased from nil to 0.72 percent.According to the regulator, the promoters again failed to make timely disclosures to the company and the stock exchanges regarding the change in shareholding and violated takeover and insider trading regulations.The promoters -- Murali Srinivasan Venkatraman, Narayan Sethuraman and Suchitra Balakrishnan -- have violated takeover and PIT regulations for the transaction in December 2012, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) said.Accordingly, the regulator has imposed a total fine of Rs 28 lakh on the three promoters. The fresh ruling has come after the Securities Appellate Tribunal had set aside an earlier order of Sebi and directed the regulator to pass "fresh order on merits".In 2015, Sebi had imposed a total fine of Rs 46.5 lakh on the five promoters of the firm for disclosure lapses.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Magnegas Corp:
* MAGNEGAS REGAINS COMPLIANCE WITH NASDAQ MINIMUM BID PRICE REQUIREMENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices were little changed on Tuesday after Brent hit its highest level since November 2014, supported by strong demand, OPEC-led production cuts, and the prospect of renewed U.S. sanctions on Iran.
Brent traded as high as $75.47 and was up 4 cents at $74.75 by 11:58 a.m. EDT (1558 GMT). West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude slipped 9 cents to $68.55, retreating from the November 2014 high it hit on Thursday.
WTI's discount to Brent was as wide as $6.27 Tuesday, its largest since Jan. 5, on rising U.S. production.
The United States will decide by May 12 whether to quit a nuclear deal with Iran and reimpose sanctions, tightening global supplies.
Stephen Innes, head of trading for Asia-Pacific at futures brokerage OANDA, said new sanctions against Tehran “could push oil prices up as much as $5 per barrel.”
U.S. President Donald Trump warned Iran on Tuesday not to follow through with threats to restart its nuclear program, as he and French President Emmanuel Macron struggled to find common ground on saving the 2015 Iran nuclear deal.
“Prices are being driven up by tight supply due to high production outages in Venezuela plus the cuts implemented by OPEC (the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries) and Russia,” said Carsten Fritsch, analyst at Commerzbank. “What is more, demand appears robust.”
Growing U.S. demand, indicated by continued strong refinery utilization rates, is very supportive to prices, said Bob Yawger, director of energy futures at Mizuho.
“You could get rid of all of these geopolitical headlines —Syria, trade — and if you did that, you would still have a very impressive demand situation in the United States,” said Bob Yawger, director of energy futures at Mizuho.
Brent prices were at their highest since Nov. 27 2014. OPEC's decision that day not to curb output subsequently sent prices plunging.
Oil began recovering in 2016 as OPEC discussed a return to market management with the help of Russia and other non-members. A deal to rein in output started in January 2017 and has been deepened by a steep output drop in Venezuela.
Meanwhile, demand in Asia, the biggest oil-consuming region, has risen to a record.
The latest U.S. inventory figures are expected to show a 2.6-million-barrel drop in crude stocks. [nL1N1S015M]
The American Petroleum Institute, an industry group, releases its inventory data at 4:30 p.m. EDT (2030 GMT) on Tuesday, a day before the government's supply report.
FILE PHOTO: Crude oil storage tanks are seen from above at the Cushing oil hub, in Cushing, Oklahoma, U.S., in this March 24, 2016. REUTERS/Nick Oxford/File Photo
The football world celebrated the greatest players, coaches and executives of past and present on Saturday night at the 7th Annual NFL Honors ceremony.
Here are the best reactions from the Pro Football Hall of Fame Class of 2018 and from those honoring the future gold jackets:
.@PFHOFPrez makes the rounds to the doors of the new #PFHOF18 class members. This is how they learned they were officially elected to the Hall. pic.twitter.com/iSJQeHiLWv â Pro Football HOF (@ProFootballHOF) February 4, 2018
Congrats Randy Moss and Terrell Owens for the Hall!! â jerryrice (@JerryRice) February 4, 2018
Congrats @BrianDawkins on being inducted into the NFL Hall Of Fame! The highest form of respect for what youâve done on the field and how youâve forever changed the game! I appreciate all that youâve poured into me. @terrellowens congratulations the film and stats donât lie! ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ â Malcolm Jenkins (@MalcolmJenkins) February 3, 2018
And the world's gonna know your name ...
Hall of Famers @RandyMoss and Jerry Kramer. pic.twitter.com/UgmUa3SaHN â Gil Brandt (@Gil_Brandt) February 4, 2018
Congratulations to @BUrlacher54 for being elected into the Pro Football HOF! Outstanding player and an even better person. Well done. pic.twitter.com/UacdYj477v â Lovie Smith (@LovieSmith) February 3, 2018
Congrats @BrianDawkins on the HOF. One of the best. Loved watching him destroy offenses. Will cherish my interactions with him while I played and at my 1st pro bowl. â Eric Weddle (@weddlesbeard) February 4, 2018
The NFL community celebrated the rest of the award winners, as well:
Sean McVay Coach of the Year!!WOW â Wade Phillips (@sonofbum) February 4, 2018
Share:
Amidst suggesting a caretaker Chief Minister and then taking the recommendation back almost immediately, Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) has certainly been active in its demands for the care-taker government. It has now followed with further demands for the caretaker Prime Minister, Nasir-ul-Haq, to remover certain appointments the party is not happy with, particularly that of Ali Jahangir Siddique, Pakistan's ambassador to the United States.
The complaint came in the form of a letter, penned by PTI's spokesperson Fawad Chaudhary, which said that Siddiqui is “facing NAB cases” and to make him an ambassador is equivalent to the “murder of national interest. Chaudhary today demanded that Siddiqui's appointment be declared void and that a “competent and seasoned” person be chosen to replace him.
It is true that Siddique's appointment has been controversial since the start, considering the fact that he was relatively young and inexperienced for the job, and there were suspicions that Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi's past affiliations with him may have resulted in the appointment. Chaudhry's accusation that Siddique is being investigated by NAB is true, however, the weight of this is uncertain considering the national debate that NAB has been overstepping its bounds.
Even if all the allegations against Siddique are true, to expect the caretaker PM to take such an actively political step is highly irresponsible of PTI and reveals the party's political immaturity. Such a demand is clearly out of the mandate of a caretaker PM. Siddique has been appointed by an elected government and should be removed from his position by next elected if required. Removal of the envoy will only serve to propagate the PTI view ahead of the elections. Such decisions should be left to the incoming government. The current Caretaker PM should focus on running the executive and holding an unbiased election.
"This was a movie that was full of many reasons why it shouldn't work – and those are the reasons why it works," said Del Toro of the film, a dreamlike, 1960s-set love story between a mute janitor and a fish-man. "And for you to tell me today to keep doing these insane fables that I've believed in for 25 years means the world to me."
If you've ever read an article of mine, you'd know that I've mentioned the ever-revolving door that is Celtics theatrics. From trading away near and dear to a franchise-altering trade, Danny Ainge has put the 2018-2019 Boston Celtics in position to reclaim the East. However, with names like DeMarcus Cousins, LeBron James, and Paul George each being linked to the Celtics this offseason, Boston has remained mum in the news and headlines. We're all aware of the Game 7 loss to Cleveland in the ECF. But now that Lebron James has taken his talents to the West, do the Celtics need to make ANY changes to get to the next level? Some would say they've struck out, including with draft pick Robert Williams III, but have they? Let's analyze the offseason so far, and where the Celtics either hit or miss…
If it's not broke, don't fix it
Lebron James – SF
From the time LeBron was linked to possibly becoming a member of the Boston Celtics, there were mixed reviews on the potential addition. Without question, Lebron would immediately help any team he chose to be on; except maybe the Celtics.
With Tatum and Brown having exceeding expectations, there wouldn't have been a need to add another ball-dominant wing player like Lebron James. He would ultimately hinder the young C's development while possibly alienating them with the sideshow that comes along with an LBJ. His track record with players doesn't fit the Boston mold, and the Celtics already have a GM and coach. If he decided to re-sign with Cleveland, there would have had to be a sign-and-trade which would force Boston to give up valuable assets. This is something Ainge worked hard to attain from New Jersey, then rob from the Cavaliers. Secondly, the Celtics would have had to rid itself of its three major contracts in order to make room for James, messing with Boston's already high-caliber chemistry.
Hayward's coming back from injury, and the young guys will certainly continue to get chances at offensive production. Oh, and how about that whole Kyrie Irving hating Lebron thing? As uplifting the idea may have been for LBJ to come to hang out with Tom Brady and David Ortiz, it would have done more harm than good in the long run. Any squad could use a Lebron James type player, but not everyone needs a Lebron James personality. Plus, what competitor joins their main adversaries when they struggle with beating them anyway?!
Hit/Miss: Home Run
Ye' Olde Faithful
Rajon Rondo – PG
There's nothing like a classic: Pizza and fountain soda, the Mario theme song playing through your TV during childhood … and Rajon Rondo on the Boston Celtics.
Before there was Kyrie Irving, Rondo made it look easier driving to the hoop at will while dishing the regular no-look pass. Of course, playing with Pierce, Garnett, and Allen helps, but make no mistake that Rondo will forever be a fan favorite . From 07-14, Rondo averaged double-digit points, while averaging double digits in assists from 09-14 – all with Boston. Leaving the team in 2014, Rajon saw a dip in both categories. Even though he was playing for four different teams, his steady passing seemed to remain. Personality issues were what always surrounded Rondo, though you can't take away the 4 all-star appearances he made while donning the green and white.
With Smarts free agency decision seemingly on the back burner (i.e. Aaron Baynes – $11 MIL/2 years, or $5.5 MIL/yr), Rondo would have made a sweet backup to Kyrie and would have most likely had a welcoming visit back to TD Garden. His defense shouldn't be taken for granted, as he's averaging 1.7 SPG and has been selected to four all-defensive teams to Smart's goose egg. Rondo's also a better ball handler and floor general. Though age is on Smart's side, Rondo signed with the Lakers for $9 MIL/2 years, or $4.5 MIL/yr. Cheaper than what Baynes was, and a hell of a lot cheaper than the $12-$14 MIL/yr Smart thinks he deserves. Boston didn't need to bring Baynes back, but they do need to prepare should Smart take off.
Hit/Miss: Grounded out
One mans trash is another man's treasure
DeMarcus Cousins – C
By now, names have come off the free agency board and the pickings are gettin' slim. We get it, Al Horford is getting old and needs help. With that said, you might find yourself asking why the Celtics re-signed a center – Baynes – who averaged 6 PPG/5.4 RPG, over one who averaged 25.2 PPG/12.9 RPG – Cousins – for more money. In any world, you would never do that. Unless your name happens to be DeMarcus Cousins.
Cousins isn't the friendliest guy you'd meet in a dark alley. Still, he's the same guy you'd want on your basketball team. Being an all-star for the past seven seasons, Cousins should be a household name. At 6'11 and 270lbs, there aren't a lot of dudes, if any, that's going to push him around down low. Already in the league for 10 years, Boogies averaged a double-double in eight of those seasons. He's constantly in double-digit rebounds and points, can play the team's bodyguard, AND won't let you give dap to the other team .. what more do you want? Check out his unearthly stats below; Why didn't the Celtics make a move for numbers like this when the Monstars of Golden State signed him for only $5.3 MIL/1yr??
Welp, because they didn't get a chance. According to the Boston Globe, on Tuesday, a league source mentioned Boston never offered a contract. Having reached out to Cousins' reps to gauge a possibility of signing the 6-time all-star, they were told he had decided with Golden State. Since Kobe, there hasn't been another Achilles injury to a star player. It's unclear how Cousins will heal and progress. Cousins did lead the league in technical fouls, but that didn't stop him from posting eye-popping numbers before the injury. Interesting note, DeMarcus declined a $40 MIL/2yrs from the Pelicans to sign with Golden State. Tough loss for Boston, as DC will probably heal fine and be as dominant. Sure, Cousins comes with attitude. But wouldn't you rather have a big man who does the dunking rather than one who's getting dunked on?
Hit/Miss: Struck out looking with the bases loaded
Who, What, Where, When, Kawhi
Kawhi Leonard – SF
Having taken the Kyrie Irving approach, Kawhi Leonard silenced himself in an effort to find a way to get traded from the San Antonio Spurs. Aside from James and Cousins finding new homes, Leonard's names been a common denominator within sports columns and chat groups. While where he'll end up is most questioned, which coast he plays on has taken a front seat on the latest episode of “As Kawhi's World Turns”.
With stats not being the question, Leonard has been adamant that he wants to play for the LA Lakers. It's widely assumed that if traded East, he's leaving the year after. Same idea if traded West – though he might wind up going to the highest bidder per San Antonio “wanting to remain relevant”. Tall task. With the Rockets, Lakers, Warriors, and Thunder making headway, San Antonios aging team may have already seen its best days. Aside from Aldridge, can you name anyone on San Antonio that's not Tony Parker, Manu Ginobili or Greg Popovich? Me either. The Celtics don't look ready to sacrifice their future to the Spurs for a question mark. Asking close to a king's ransom as a price, San Antonio surely realizes it must prepare for a life that doesn't include Kawhi Leonard. Are his plans set for Boston though?
Probably not. San Antonios been eyeing Tatum as a centerpiece in talks involving KL but were quickly shot down. Danny would never trade the prodigal son of Bostonia, would he? Brown could be dangled with Rozier/Morris combo, but adding more than a Sacramento pick would be overkill. Plus, medical reports aren't clean with Kawhi, and we don't know what issues loom. Recent developments by Yahoo! reporter Shams Charania indicate that Kawhi has “little interest in the Boston Celtics scenario”. He also mentioned that the Clippers or 76s, if big enough players, could get Leonard to re-sign now that Lebron is in LA. There hasn't been a bidding war – and it's well known he'd like to go back home to Southern California. Chalk this one up in the ‘L' column for Boston, no palm trees and surfboards over here.
Hit/Miss: 0-3 in discussions with San Antonio
‘Sleeper‘ Pick
Robert Williams III – C
If you haven't seen my profile of the newest Boston Celtic, check it out here. Now that's out of the way, someone gets this guy an alarm clock! Robert Williams III is the literal definition of a “sleeper pick”. Not only was he snoozing through an introductory conference call, he also missed his flight to his first day of practice with his new NBA club. The rookie is not off to a good start.
Williams mentioned that Brad Stevens had a conversation with him and that it was a “wake-up call”. The irony of it is laughable
He did own up to his mistake(s) and indicated that he wanted to move past it as quickly as possible. These early issues and red flags could be a distant memory should he produce at a high level. Lest we forget, he was passed up on due to lack of effort by other teams. Here's hoping those wake-up calls do the trick. His work ethic will need to do the talking, and that already needs attention.
Hit/Miss: AAA assignment (G-League)
Honorable Mentions:
Dwight Howard – C
A serviceable center who could've been useful off the bench. He put up good numbers in Charlotte with 16.6 PPG/12.5 RPG, but hasn't stayed with a team longer than a season in the last five. Now with Washington, signed a $5.3 MIL/1yr deal that was the same as Cousins, but cheaper than Baynes. Locker room issues may have kept him away.
Hit/Miss: Pop Fly
Jamal Crawford – G
A crowd pleaser off the bench and a lifeline for Kyrie. With just as much handle as the next guy, Crawford can pull up from half court and drain 4-pt plays in your grill. Or, break whichever ankle you need least. Always one that could go for 30+, a league veteran like Jamal would elevate the C's bench aside from adding lethal scoring. Another NBA “old guy”, youth is Crawford's only demerit. Cheap buy, big reward.
Hit/Miss: At-bat
Report Card: C+
Not involving themselves with the LBJ sweepstakes was a major win for the Celtics alone. It didn't take away from the main goal – defeating him. Also, resigning Baynes wasn't terrible seeing the issues at Center for Boston. They could've done better though with Monroe most likely not returning, saving more cap space.
The circus of Kawhi Leonard docks Boston, time to put up or shut up at this point. Marcus Smart's situation will figure out itself. Though it might be more of a loss if Boston can't retain him without a plan B.
The Celtics don't need a superstar or big name, they need to stay healthy. The East will be tough, but the West? Even tougher. A move for a bigger name big man could've possibly been a final piece. So far, so good. Bonus points for not adding anyone and destroying what you've built, yet.
Happy 4th of July!
Please be sure to follow me on Twitter @JaxBrown725
Share this:
Related
View the original article on
By Andrea Dresdale
Doug SondersUnlike his friend Elton John, Rod Stewart has no plans to retire — and he's not above making fun of Elton for announcing that his upcoming tour will be his last.
Speaking to the Calgary Sun, Rod says when he heard about Elton's “farewell” tour, “I did actually e-mail Elton and said, ‘What? Again dear?' And I didn't hear anything back. I think he's upset with me.”
- Advertisement -
When asked why the two have never toured together after being friends for 50 years, Rod says, “Trust me darling, I've tried so many times. He doesn't want the competition. He's stationary at the piano and I can still jump about and I don't think he likes the idea of that. But I have suggested it. It would be so much fun.”
As for why 73-year-old Stewart has no plans to retire, he tells the paper, “It doesn't even cross my mind — I enjoy myself.” But, he adds, “I might cut it back a little bit ‘cause I've got eight children. The two youngest are six and near 13…I can't miss the magic moments of them growing up.”
“As for putting the word retirement out — never!” he insists. “I'll just fade away into the bushes.”
In the same interview, Rod is asked if he ever met Donald Trump before he became president.
“Yeah. I lived just down the road from him in Palm Beach…and I used to always go to his Christmas Eve celebrations and a lot of his functions,” recalls Rod. “And he always treated me extremely well. That's not the Donald Trump I'm watching on television at the moment.”
Following a Canadian tour and his latest run of shows in Las Vegas, Rod will hit the road with Cyndi Lauper for a summer tour starting June 25.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Comments
NEW YORK — Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
Forget private meetings and get-to-know-you dinners. Beware of banter. Think twice before a high-ranking man mentors a young female staffer.
READ MORE: TIME names ‘The Silence Breakers,' voices behind #MeToo movement, as its Person of the Year
“I have already heard the rumblings of a backlash: ‘This is why you shouldn't hire women,'” Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a recent post.
“So much good is happening to fix workplaces right now. Let's make sure it does not have the unintended consequence of holding women back,” said Sandberg, author of the working women's manifesto “Lean In.”
WATCH: More coverage of the #MeToo movement
Ana Quincoces, a Miami-based attorney and entrepreneur who owns her own food line, says her business and its success involves working mostly with men, and sales and other activities are often concluded over lunch or drinks. Those opportunities, she says, are dwindling, because many of the men she knows through her business “are terrified.”
“There's a feeling of this wall that wasn't there that is suddenly up because they don't know what's appropriate anymore — it's disconcerting,” Quincoces said. “I feel that they're more careful, more formal in their relationships with co-workers. And I can't say I blame them, because what's happened is pervasive. Every day there's a new accusation.”
COMMENTARY: Me too, but now what?
She said many of the men she knows are now avoiding one-on-one social occasions that were normal in the past.
“This is going to trickle down into all industries. … It's going to become the new normal,” Quincoces said. “It's a good thing because women are not afraid anymore, but on the other side, it's a slippery slope.”
WATCH: Trudeau calls #MeToo campaign, sex assault claims an ‘awakening'
Americans were already edgy about male-female encounters at work: A New York Times/Morning Consult poll of 5,300 men and women last spring found almost two-thirds thought workers should be extra careful around opposite-sex colleagues, and around a quarter thought private work meetings between men and women were inappropriate.
But in a season of outcry over sexual misconduct, some men are suddenly wondering whether they can compliment a female colleague or ask about her weekend. Even a now-former female adviser to the head of Pennsylvania's Democratic Party suggested on Facebook that men would stop talking to women altogether because of what she portrayed as overblown sexual misconduct claims.
READ MORE: #ChurchToo: Hashtag explains sexual assault goes beyond politics and Hollywood
Certain managers are considering whether to make sure they're never alone with a staffer, despite the complications of adding a third person in situations like performance reviews, says Philippe Weiss, who runs the Chicago-based consultancy Seyfarth Shaw at Work.
Philadelphia employment lawyer Jonathan Segal says some men are declaring they'll just shut people out of their offices, rather than risk exchanges that could be misconstrued.
WATCH: Fighting sexual harassment in the workplace
“The avoidance issue is my biggest concern, because the marginalization of women in the business world is at least as big a problem as harassment,” Segal says. A recent report involving 222 North American companies found the percentage of women drops from 47 percent at the entry level to 20 percent in the C suite.
READ MORE: #MeAt14 sends poignant message amid Roy Moore assault allegations
Vice President Mike Pence has long said he doesn't have one-on-one meals with any woman except his wife and wants her by his side anywhere alcohol is served, as part of the couple's commitment to prioritizing their marriage. The guidelines have “been a blessing to us,” the Republican told Christian Broadcasting Network News in an interview this month.
Employment attorneys caution that it can be problematic to curb interactions with workers because of their gender, if the practice curtails their professional opportunities. W. Brad Johnson, a co-author of a book encouraging male mentors for women, says limiting contact sends a troubling message.
WATCH: Navigating the recent high profile sexual assault and harassment allegations
“If I were unwilling to have an individual conversation with you because of your gender, I'm communicating ‘you're unreliable; you're a risk,'” says Johnson, a U.S. Naval Academy psychology professor.
COMMENTARY: #MeToo creates discomfort and a challenge
Jessica Proud, a communications professional and Republican political consultant in New York City, said it would be wrong if this national “day of reckoning” over sexual misconduct resulted in some men deciding not to hire, mentor or work with women. She recalled a campaign she worked on where she was told she couldn't travel with the candidate because of how it might look.
“I'm a professional, he's a professional. Why should my career experience be limited?” she said. “That's just as insulting in a lot of ways.”
Associated Press writers Verena Dobnik in New York, David Klepper in Albany, N.Y. and Andrew Welsh-Huggins in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Srinagar: In an unprecedented move, the Jammu and Kashmi Public Service Commission (JKPSC) on Wednesday withdrew its notification for the state civil services main exam as it decided to re-assess the merit of candidates who appeared in the preliminary exam for this selection.
This was the first such incident in its 60-year-old existence.
In a notification of Wednesday, the JKPSC said that after the announcement of the result the commission again received various deputations/representations and applications under the Jammu and Kashmir RTI Act, from Kashmir Administrative Service aspirants about discrepancies in question papers/answer keys of J&K combined competitive (preliminary) examination, 2016.
It said that the commission in its 4th extraordinary meeting held on June 12 has decided to refer the question papers and answer keys thereto to the independent/third party subject experts for re-looking/revisiting them in order to find out discrepancy, if any and in view of this, the results notified for the test held on April 23 have been kept in abeyance and the May 9 notification inviting applications for the main examination 2016 is hereby withdrawn".
The preliminary exam question papers and the answers keys had attracted much criticism from candidates, most of whom alleged that wrong options had been treated as correct for many questions set in the preliminary exam. A local journalist had also written extensively on the matter.
Mufti Tasaduq Hussain, the brother of Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti who looks after the chief minister's grievance cell had also sent a missive to the JKPSC Chairman, requesting withdrawal of the announced results in light of huge discrepancies in the preliminary test brought to his notice by aspiring candidates.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Inflation in some German regions jumped above the ECB's target rate in May, data showed on Wednesday, pointing to robust consumer demand and feeding into a debate about when the European Central Bank should curb its monetary stimulus.
Policy hawks at the ECB, including German Bundesbank head Jens Weidmann, want the bank to end its asset purchases this year and see room for a rate hike towards the middle of 2019.
But investors have dropped long-standing bets that the ECB would hike rates in June 2019 amid signs of weaker economic growth in the euro zone and market turmoil associated with a political crisis in Italy.
In Germany's most populous state, North Rhine-Westphalia, annual inflation shot up to 2.1 percent in May from 1.5 percent the previous month, the data showed. The rise was mainly driven by higher energy, food and transport prices.
In Bavaria, annual inflation jumped to 2.3 percent. It also surpassed the ECB's price target of just below 2 percent in the states of Baden-Wuerttemberg, Brandenburg and Saxony.
The regional data suggest that Germany's national inflation rate (CPI) will rise to 2.2 percent in May, Oxford Economics analyst Nicola Nobile said.
The state inflation readings, which are not harmonised to compare with other euro zone countries, feed into nationwide inflation data due at 1200 GMT.
A Reuters poll conducted before the release of the regional data suggested that Germany's harmonised consumer price inflation (HICP) rate would rise to 1.8 percent in May.
In another sign of rising inflation in the euro zone, Spanish consumer prices rose in May at their fastest pace since April 2017, also topping the ECB's target level.
The euro zone will publish preliminary May inflation data on Thursday, with the annual rate expected to rise to 1.6 percent from 1.2 percent in April, according to a Reuters poll.
"The ECB now faces a classic stagflationary shock, with higher inflation and slower growth," Nobile said, adding she still expected the ECB to end quantitative easing this year in order to avoid the risk of second round effects on inflation.
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Toby Chopra)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Who benefited most from Sunday's 59th Grammy Awards telecast?
That depends on which yardstick you use, but as usual the artists who scored performance slots generally experienced bigger immediate sales gains over actual award winners. The lucky few who won and performed during the telecast were rewarded handsomely.
English pop star Ed Sheeran's total song sales jumped more than 37,000 units, or 166%, following his appearance on the show, leading the pack of musicians whose sales experienced the greatest increases, according to BuzzAngle's post-Grammy sales report. Sheeran sold a total of 59,000 songs on Sunday.
The sales monitoring service compared average daily sales from the six days just before the Grammys to sales numbers posted on the day of the show.
See the most-read stories in Entertainment this hour »
Close behind Sheeran was Bruno Mars, who was featured in the show's tribute to Prince. His appearance spurred more than 36,000 song sales in the aftermath of the ceremony, an uptick of 294% over those of the days leading up to the ceremony. He sold a total of 49,000 songs on Sunday.
Country singer-songwriter Keith Urban got a bump of 18,000 song sales, up 331%, followed by country newcomer Maren Morris' 17,984 song sales (up 815%) and the Weeknd at 15,431 (up 117%).
New artist Grammy winner Chance the Rapper also presumably generated considerably increased interest in his music, but he didn't figure into BuzzAngle's sales figures. His debut album,“Coloring Book,” is available only as a free stream.
As for individual album sales increases, Grammy triple crown winner Adele, who took home the album, record and song awards, reaped immediate gains.
BuzzAngle reported that sales of her already-mega-selling album “25” jumped 232% to 2,825 copies on Sunday. It has now sold almost 10.2 million copies in the U.S., according to Nielsen Music, a competing industry service.
Beyoncé's “Lemonade” did even better on Grammy night, increasing 297% with 3,272 copies sold on Sunday. Total equivalent sales for “Lemonade” now stand at 861,000 copies, Nielsen reports.
Nielsen Music's post-Grammy figures came in along similar lines to those from BuzzAngle, with a reported 150% sales increase for “25” and a 308% jump for Adele's single, “Hello.”
Beyoncé's “Lemonade” scored a 267% increase and the “Formation” single bounced up 105%, based on Nielsen's comparison to the daily averages for Friday and Saturday preceding the ceremony.
Percentage-wise, the most eye-popping increases went to artists who were comparatively low on music fans' radar screens before the Grammy ceremony.
Veteran R&B-soul singer and songwriter William Bell posted a whopping 23,691% increase in sales of his blues classic “Born Under a Bad Sign,” according to BuzzAngle. He played the song Sunday with guitarist and singer Gary Clark Jr., and that staggering number reflected the fact that only seven copies of the song had sold the day before the Grammy Awards, jumping to just under 1,700 on Sunday.
Likewise, Bell's overall artist sales exploded by 5,805% to 1,741, and Clark's similarly shot up 2,146%, to 3,180.
Americana singer-songwriter Sturgill Simpson, who took home the country album Grammy for his “A Sailor's Guide to Earth,” saw a 1,063% increase in total song sales, with 5,173 units. Sales for the song he performed Sunday, “All Around You,” jumped 10,760%, from 20 to 2,200 on Sunday, according to Nielsen's figures.
Prince's former cohorts in the Time scored BuzzAngle's only other four-figure percentage increase with sales of 1,687 units on Sunday, representing a 1,871% bump over average daily sales going into the show.
Sheeran also topped BuzzAngle's ranking of individual songs that logged the biggest sales Sunday, as the song he performed, “Shape of You,” sold 28,714 copies Sunday, up 164%.
Ranked by unit sales behind him among the top five sellers were Mars' “That's What I Like” (19,339 copies, up 527%), Keith Urban's “The Fighter” (14,824, up 1,180%), Lukas Graham's “7 Years” (10,581, up 1,045%) and the Weeknd's “I Feel It Coming” (10,093, up 213%).
The benefit of Grammy night wasn't, however, the exclusive domain of winners or performers.
Sales for music of the honorees in the telecast's three tribute numbers — Prince, the Bee Gees and George Michael — all jumped, according to BuzzAngle: 338% for Prince, 553% for Michael and 640% for the Bee Gees.
Additionally, the Beach Boys' “God Only Knows,” sung by John Legend and Cynthia Erivo leading into the show's In Memoriam segment, shot up 1,581%, Nielsen reported, with a Friday-Saturday daily average of 100 copies to 1,600 on Sunday.
Billboard even noted that fashion came into play.
Singer Joy Villa, who generated considerable attention on the red carpet with her dress emblazoned with the words “Make America Great Again” and “Trump,” sold 15,000 copies on Sunday and Monday, according to Nielsen, a dramatic increase from the “negligible amount” it had sold before her limelight moment walking the Staples Center red carpet.
Numerous Trump supporters posted messages of praise for Villa after purchasing her album “I Make the Static,” even without hearing her music. “I don't know this artist, but it doesn't matter,” one iTunes customer wrote. “I am supporting her bravery on Grammy night for standing for what she believes, whether others agree or not.”
Caption Grammys 2017: the Best moments Highlights from the 2017 Grammy Awards at the Staples Center. Highlights from the 2017 Grammy Awards at the Staples Center. Caption Grammys 2017: the Best moments Highlights from the 2017 Grammy Awards at the Staples Center. Highlights from the 2017 Grammy Awards at the Staples Center. Caption Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein nominee for Best Score Soundtrack For Visual Media Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein nominee for Best Score Soundtrack For Visual Media Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein nominee for Best Score Soundtrack For Visual Media Caption Adele's acceptance speech at the Grammys Adele tearfully thanked Beyonce while accepting her album of the year award for "25." Adele tearfully thanked Beyonce while accepting her album of the year award for "25." Caption John Cale of Velvet Underground receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award John Cale of Velvet Underground receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award. John Cale of Velvet Underground receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award. Caption Schoolboy Q, who has been nominated a few times, says he's ready to win. He is nominated for rap album and rap performance at the Grammy Awards. Schoolboy Q, who has been nominated a few times, says he's ready to win. He is nominated for rap album and rap performance at the Grammy Awards.
randy.lewis@latimes.com
Follow @RandyLewis2 on Twitter.com
For Classic Rock coverage, join us on Facebook
Many questions remain after that horrific apartment fire in London as the death toll continues to rise.
Why was there only one stair case up and down in a 24-storey building?
Why were there no fire alarms or sprinkler systems?
Why, when so many voiced concern over lack of safely precautions, was no action taken?
READ MORE: High-rise safety: Guidelines that could save lives during a fire
The reality of such a tragedy hit home when we were talking to Global News reporter Jeff Semple.
He was at community centre a few blocks away from the fire, where residents would gather to find out the fate of their friends and loved ones.
People roaming with pictures and calling out names in hope someone would answer or direct them to a miracle.
While taking to us live, screams break out as someone else is informed their loved one didn't make it.
You can feel their pain in the pit of your stomach even though you never met them.
Soon the crowd grows frustrated and angry over lack of information and preventative measures.
READ MORE: London high-rise building fire death toll rises to 12, police confirm
Fights start to break out, people are pushing and shoving, police arrive to control the crowds and try to quell the melee.
We have to end our conversation.
After a deep breath, you have to wonder how much more the U.K. can endure.
CARACAS: Cuba's President Miguel Diaz-Canel arrived in Venezuela for his first foreign visit as head of state on Wednesday in a show of solidarity for counterpart Nicolas Maduro who is under fire in the West after a controversial re-election.
"We bring a message of fraternity and solidarity ... for the people and Bolivarian government of Venezuela, for President Nicolas Maduro," Diaz-Canel said on arrival, congratulating Maduro for his "resounding success" at the May 20 vote.
Advertisement
The United States, the European Union and major Latin American nations condemned Maduro's re-election as not meeting democratic standards. For example, two of his rivals were barred from standing and the election board is run by loyalists.
But China and Russia have warned against meddling in the socialist-run nation, and fellow leftist governments in the region from Cuba to Bolivia have offered warm support.
Maduro was the first foreign leader to meet with Diaz-Canel last month after he succeeded Raul Castro to become president of the communist-run island.
Venezuela, which holds the world's largest oil reserves, exchanges crude for Cuban medical and other technical services, though deliveries have dropped over the past few years during an economic implosion in the OPEC member of 30 million people.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Diaz-Canel flew to Venezuela with his wife Liz Cuesta as first lady, in a break with custom during the nearly 60 years that the Castro brothers Fidel and Raul led Cuba. They generally travelled without their wives.
His visit came as Cuban authorities faced the chaos of flooding in the wake of subtropical storm Alberto that has killed four people and prompted the evacuation of tens of thousands..
(Reporting by Nelson Acosta in Havana, Caracas newsroom; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Luc Cohen and Susan Thomas)
Staff Reporter
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif on Sunday strongly condemned the attack on the vehicle of security forces near Pishin Stop, Quetta.
He paid tributes to the citizens and martyred security personnel and extended his condolences and sympathies to the bereaved families. The Chief Minister also prayed for the early recovery of the injured.
The CM said that such cowardly act of brutal enemy was highly condemnable. He said that we salute personnel of security forces and citizens sacrificing their lives on their country. Martyrs are heroes of the nation and their supreme sacrifices will not go to waste, he added.
Zimbabwe's main opposition leader Nelson Chamisa made a veiled threat on Wednesday to boycott elections on July 30 if there is no agreement between the independent election agency and political parties on ballot papers.
HARARE: Zimbabwe's main opposition leader Nelson Chamisa made a veiled threat on Wednesday to boycott elections on July 30 if there is no agreement between the independent election agency and political parties on ballot papers.
Chamisa and his Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) are the main rivals to President Emmerson Mnangagwa in the first presidential and parliamentary vote since Robert Mugabe resigned last November following an army coup.
Advertisement
The MDC is wary of any attempt to put it at a disadvantage to Mnangagwa and the ruling ZANU-PF party, insisting there be a deal on how to design, print and store ballot papers.
Chamisa said his party rejected the papers being printed by the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC).
"We do not and will not accept the current ballot paper that has been printed without our participation," he told reporters.
Asked whether he would boycott the polls if ZEC ignored his party's demands, Chamisa said: "There will be no election, there can't be an election. Choose what to call it, but there can't be an election."
Advertisement
Advertisement
He would not reveal how the MDC could stop the vote, in which 23 candidates are running for president, but added that the opposition would not "repeat the mistakes of 2013" when it suffered a crushing defeat.
The MDC called Mugabe's victory five years ago a monumental fraud that had been engineered through manipulation of the voters' register by state security agents.
ZEC chief Priscilla Chigumba said her commission alone was empowered to deal with the issue of ballot papers, and demands by the MDC were meant to usurp its powers.
Presidential and parliamentary ballots were being produced by the central bank's printing arm Fidelity Printers, she added in a statement.
An MDC official said the party had notified police it would demonstrate next Wednesday to press its demands. Thousands of MDC supporters marched to the ZEC offices on June 5, demanding reforms that the party said were vital for a credible vote.
Zimbabwe Defence Forces spokesman Colonel Overson Mugwisi separately rejected MDC allegations that soldiers had been deployed in rural areas to campaign for ZANU-PF and intimidate opponents.
(Reporting by MacDonald Dzirutwe; editing by David Stamp)
CAIRO (AP) — Archaeologists in Egypt say they have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the pyramids outside Cairo.
Egypt's Antiquities Ministry announced the discovery Saturday and said the tomb likely belonged to a high-ranking official known as Hetpet during the 5th Dynasty of ancient Egypt. The tomb includes wall paintings depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Mostafa Al-Waziri, leader of the archaeological mission, says the scenes depict a monkey — at the time commonly kept as domestic animals — reaping fruit and another dancing before an orchestra.
He believes Hetpet, a woman thought to be close to ancient Egyptian royals, had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis, which is home to the tombs of top officials of Egypt's Old Kingdom.
Al-Waziri says excavation work is underway for the other tomb.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Ezekiel Elliott hasn't broken 100 yards rushing since Week 1. Dallas is 2-2 and hasn't looked anything near the run-first offensive machine it was in 2016. So what's going wrong in Big D?
Let's take a look at Elliott's carries in his first four games of 2017.
In Dallas' win over the Giants, the Cowboys' offensive line was often just one block from springing the big play. Frequently, that one block that didn't come usually fell on the responsibility of right tackle La'El Collins.
It's nitpicking here in Week 2 against Denver, but if Collins can keep control of Derek Wolfe inside his own frame -- something difficult to do when following a zone path upfield, especially when the defender has his grasp on your facemask -- this run goes for a big gain.
Breaking down Zeke/Cowboys OL. This split zone was one minor change in La'el Collins' positioning from going for a big gain. pic.twitter.com/IUWjZm0GWX â Nick Shook (@TheNickShook) October 6, 2017
Something similar happens in Week 4 against the Rams, when Elliott takes a handoff left and Jonathan Cooper swings and misses on a block of Alex Ogletree, allowing the linebacker to stop Elliott for a 5-yard gain with only one unblocked defender beyond him. And get this: Los Angeles only had 10 players on the field on that play. It should have been a romp to the end zone, had it been blocked properly.
That speaks to the new pieces in Dallas' line. Gone are Ronald Leary, who left for Denver in free agency, and tackle Doug Free, who retired. The Cowboys have since shifted Collins from left guard to right tackle to replace Free, and have filled the hole at left guard with Jonathan Cooper and Chaz Green. The results have been a bit less than expected.
On other plays, though, it was Elliott who was missing the burst from last season that made six-yard gains turn into 50-plus-yard gains and touchdowns. His slight hesitation didn't help, but a well-blocked play was a faster Elliott -- who hit a top speed of just 11.66 mph on the carry, per Next Gen Stats -- away from making this a sprint to the end zone, with only Landon Collins and Darian Thompson standing between them.
Of course, a play later, it was Elliott making the unit look good, spinning through a small opening to gain extra yards on a play that required tailback tricks to make something out of nothing. He's still as powerful as ever, as evidenced by his multiple broken tackles, but he seems a step slow.
That's the basis of the relationship between Elliott and his blockers so far this season. He's a step slower, but they're also not as effective.
Credit is also due to the defenses that Dallas has faced. Led by Damon Harrison, Jason Pierre-Paul and Olivier Vernon, New York's defense jammed up the box and filled run lanes extremely effectively, forcing the Cowboys to explore different ways to get Elliott the ball. Dallas employed screens, swing passes and even split Elliott wide to run a quick receiver screen to him. None of it did much damage. Denver was similarly effective in Week 2, with plenty of credit due to defensive end Adam Gotsis, who was there to plug holes with quickness.
Denver dominated Dallas' offensive line in the Broncos' 42-17 win, and Elliott bore the brunt of the punishment. His other three games (with carry charts that you can view by clicking here) have been a mixed bag at best, but this carry chart shows just how little room with which he had to work.
Denver flat-out dominated Dallas' offensive line in Week 2 in the run game. pic.twitter.com/C7a5OiXm00 â Nick Shook (@TheNickShook) October 6, 2017
Dallas also isn't helping itself with some rough matchups. On the first of Elliott's five third-quarter runs against Denver, the Cowboys lined up tight end James Hanna over outside linebacker Von Miller, immediately creating a difficult block to execute. Miller rushed right through Hanna's inside shoulder, blowing up the play and allowing Wolfe to crash down from the backside through an unsustained block from Collins to clean up the play. In Collins' defense, a backside zone block is never supposed to last very long, but it was another example of Denver's defense dominating Dallas' run blocking.
These units have kept Dallas from getting any noticeable surge off the snap, which was a signature characteristic of last year's unit. This season's edition just isn't getting much of the movement it enjoyed in 2016. It was again evident on Elliott's first carry of Week 3 against Arizona, a play that was stonewalled between the tackles (Collins gave an odd pause while standing straight up before seemingly being jolted back into action during the play) and resulted in a loss of 1.
In conclusion, it's only four weeks, but the concern surrouding Dallas' run game with Elliott is validated. He hasn't shown the same burst and top-end speed he did in his rookie season, but he also isn't getting the same gaping holes he did in 2016. As this unit, which is still getting familiar with a couple new/shifted pieces, continues to jell, and Elliott gets more reps on the field, we could look back at this in two months and laugh. But for right now, this element of the Cowboys is one to definitely watch.
Blocks of the Week
On Austin Ekeler's breakaway sprint for a touchdown in the Los Angeles Chargers' loss to the Philadelphia Eagles, credit goes to left tackle Russell Okung for closing down on defensive end Vinny Curry, and Hunter Henry for blocking way downfield, springing Ekeler on the 35-yard romp.
Keeping it in the same game, we turn to the opposite squad for an even better run from LeGarrette Blount, aided by a trio of excellent blocks. First, it was left tackle Jason Peters' down block, closely followed by tight end Zach Ertz's cut of defensive end Joey Bosa, and finally, it was Alshon Jeffery blocking down field to help Blount finish off a 68-yard rumble.
And finally, we have Elijah McGuire's 69-yard touchdown run against Jacksonville. The Jets running back makes one solid cutback on a well-blocked zone play, and Austin Seferian-Jenkins seals the backside with a prolonged block, allowing McGuire to sprint past safety Barry Church (who took a bad angle of pursuit) and the rest of the Jaguars' defense for a touchdown.
ATLANTA – The Chemical Coaters Association International (CCAI) is offering its Powder Coating and Curing Processes Seminar Sept. 26-27, 2017, at the Customer Resource Center at Georgia Power in Atlanta.
Along with the educational instruction, attendees will spend time in the fully equipped lab at Georgia Power's Customer Resource Center to experience live demonstrations and hands-on training. This interactive format allows attendees to get applied knowledge of the technologies they are learning in the classroom.
Attendees will have the opportunity to powder coat and cure an item to take home with them. Demonstrations will include powder coating applications, curing, and measurement and testing.
Click here for more information.
President Donald Trump has said his administration is in talks with other motorcycle companies that are willing to move into the US after Harley-Davidson decided to shift some of its operations overseas in the wake of the retaliatory EU tariffs against American duties.The Wisconsin-based motorcycle manufacturer said on June 25 that tariffs imposed by the EU would increase the average cost per motorcycle by about USD 2,200 and the company, as a result, will shift some of its production overseas.The European Union imposed the tariffs in retaliation against the Trump administration's duties on steel and aluminum imports in an effort by Trump to protect US jobs."Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the US, my Administration is working with other Motorcycle companies who want to move into the US," Trump said in a tweet yesterday."Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down seven per cent in 2017. The US is where the action is!" said the US President.Earlier, Trump warned Harley-Davidson that it was going to take "a big hit" for moving some of its production overseas and, asserting that it was a shame that the company made the decision even though he got India to reduce import duties on the iconic motorcycles.Trump has repeatedly raised the issue of high tariffs by India on high-end Harley-Davidson motorcycles, which in part is responsible for the current trade tension between the two countries.In February, Trump had said that the Indian government's decision to reduce the tariff on Harley-Davidson motorbikes from 75 per cent to 50 per cent was not enough and asked that it should be reciprocal, as the US imposes "zero tax" on the import of motorcycles.Outside the US, Harley-Davidson has manufacturing facilities in India, Brazil and Australia.
Westbrook made a three-pointer with just under two minutes remaining to cut the lead to seven, but Davis hit a three-pointer at the other end, then made another shortly after that to put the game out of reach.
AMMAN: Warplanes have hit a convoy of civilians fleeing along a major Syrian highway, rescuers and a witness said on Saturday.
It took place in an area where Syrian and Iranian-backed troops were pushing, with air cover, towards a rebel-held town in northwestern Idlib province, they said.
Syrian soldiers and Iranian-backed militiamen were now around twelve kilometres from Saraqeb, advancing towards the Damascus-Aleppo highway under cover of heavy Russian air strikes, two opposition sources said.
Rescuers said at least seven civilians were pulled out of the wreckage of cars after the air strikes on Friday.
"We believe two Russian planes struck the convoy of civilians on the highway and left at least seven killed and twelve injured, mostly elderly and children," said Ammar al Adnan, a civil defence worker from Saraqeb.
Activists' videos on social media showed rescuers extinguishing fires on the route, used by thousands of villagers fleeing areas south of Aleppo now overrun by the Syrian army and its allies.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Reuters could not verify the authenticity of the footage.
Russia's defence ministry regularly says it is attacking hardline Islamist militants. It denies opposition and witness accounts that its planes target civilians, marketplaces, medical centres and residential areas away from frontlines.
Syrian media made no mention of the strikes.
A major Syrian army offensive, begun earlier this year in southern Aleppo and eastern Idlib, has allowed it to take control of a large amount of territory from rebel forces.
The advances have caused an exodus of thousands of civilians to the relative safety of territory further north towards the Turkish border.
Air raids have struck several cave hospitals and exacerbated a refugee crisis along the Turkish frontier, where camps now house tens thousands of displaced people.
The army confirmed new gains on Saturday, saying it had seized a string of villages from al Qaeda fighters, state television said, quoting a military source.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
A post shared by The Breast Cancer Campaign (@bcacampaign) on Oct 4, 2017 at 11:36am PDT
Elizabeth Hurley surprised passengers on three Delta flights this week to kick off Breast Cancer Awareness Month and support the Breast Cancer Research Foundation.
Hurley — a global ambassador for the Estée Lauder Breast Cancer Campaign — made cabin announcements at cruising altitude, then handed out pink ribbons to passengers on a flight from Seattle to LAX.
A spy said that some passengers “decided to make the flight even more interesting by making $500 donations midair.”
No clue what I'm looking at but here's a #BTS from last night's episode of @anotherperiod where I got to play #siamesetwins to the hilarious & kind @funnyasiandude Thanks to the cast & crew of #anotherperiod for having me on and letting me play with y'all. I had a blast! @natashaleggero @rikilindhome @jeremykonner #WorldsCollide #CrazyExGirlfriend And yes, this season's Hortense is the brilliant talented @donna_lynne_champlin who plays #PaulaProctor on @cw_crazyxgf @thecw
A post shared by Vincent Rodriguez III (@vrodrigueziii) on Mar 14, 2018 at 2:56pm PDT
Oct 7, 2017 8:21 am (IST)
From Dwarka, PM Modi will go to Hirasar in Rajkot district where he will lay foundation stone for a greenfield airport, 20 km from Rajkot city. He will also lay foundation stone in Chotila for six-laning of 201-km Ahmedabad-Rajkot section of NH-47 at a cost of Rs 2,893 crore. He will later dedicate a fully automatic milk processing and packaging plant and a drinking water distribution pipeline for Joravarnagar and Ratanpur area of Surendranagar, a PMO statement said in Delhi. He will address a public meeting there too.
Ahead of the SEA Games, Muhammad Nur Alfian Juma'en shares what getting a gold in silat means to him and the silat community - and what it should mean for all Singaporeans.
SINGAPORE: For this upcoming 2017 Southeast Asian (SEA) Games, I have set my sights on a gold medal for the silat community and for Singapore.
As a form of martial arts, silat has a long heritage. Dating to before the 13th century and originating from the Malay Archipelago, silat has over 150 styles recognised in Indonesia and is practised across the globe. Every pesilat (silat exponent) walks a different sporting path, and my silat journey has been made smoother with the help of different people along the way.
Yet, as a sport, silat is not as well-known compared to football, swimming or badminton. In fact, pencak silat has yet to be introduced into the Olympic Games. Not many pathways have been set for pesilats to follow. Although silat is a competitive sport within the region, it still lacks attention on the world stage.
Advertisement
Advertisement
EASY TO GET GOLD?
The sport's lower profile may result in some people dismissing it, saying: “Not that hard to get a gold medal in silat, right?” But the sport has many skilled exponents with a fine line separating winners from losers.
Competition is tough. Singapore's main competitors include Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand, with countries like France, Germany, Japan and the Netherlands also vying for trophies.
Hearing such remarks from people who say these things can be disheartening to some, but I choose to see them as harmless, cynical expressions. In a way, they are not wrong – athletes, practising silat or otherwise, are not preoccupied with how hard their training is, but how much is necessary to excel in the sport.
So there is some truth in that feeling that it should not be hard to get gold, once you set your mind on it.
Yet, to train three hours, two to three times each day, and for six times each week, does anyone really think this is easy? Juggling between studies and training can be especially difficult, but with discipline, the choice to focus on training and do well in the sport in spite of the challenges is clear.
Alfian and his family at the airport. (Photo: Muhammad Nur Alfian Juma'en)
SUPPORT FROM SINGAPOREANS IMPORTANT TO TEAM SINGAPORE
Beyond discipline, the support of Singaporeans is important to all Team Singapore athletes. And I think doing well in silat will generate more support from Singaporeans.
Perhaps more public exposure to silat and our training will help showcase the hard work behind the glory. People who might feel that getting a gold in silat is easy are welcome to come train with us.
Yet, at the end of the day, I choose not to be affected by those who say it is easy to get a gold in silat. I choose to focus on my own journey. Silat has endured through the ages, and I am proud to be representing Singapore in silat.
Traveling for a competition in 2006 when Alfian was 10 years old. Sheik Farhan, Muhammad Nur and Alfian, from left to right. (Photo: Muhammad Nur Alfian Juma'en)
Silat will now be an official sport at the 2018 Asian Games, so I am confident that the sport will continue to grow in popularity, and receive the recognition it deserves one day.
WHAT ALSO KEEPS ME FOCUSED IS A GOOD SILAT MENTOR
I count myself lucky to have Mr Sheik Alau'ddin or Uncle Sheikh as I call him, as my coach and mentor. He has been my guiding light who keeps me focused on the destination.
Uncle Sheik himself is an accomplished silat exponent and his achievements were hard won. He holds the most admirable record in Singapore's history to date, with two World Silat Championship titles and a four-time SEA Games Gold medal record under his belt.
In 1990, he won Singapore's first silat gold medal at the World Championships in the Netherlands after coming up against many highly skilled exponents.
With Uncle Sheikh at a training camp and overseas trial in Bali, 2014. (Photo: Muhammad Nur Alfian Juma'en)
EXPERIENCE THAT WINNING FEELING
I will never forget the moment when I won the gold at the 2015 SEA Games, and they played the Singapore national anthem and raised the Singapore flag at the venue. It was hard not to be emotional. It was a surreal and uplifting experience to achieve what I set out to do.
Immediately after the ceremony, I told myself I want to experience that winning feeling again.
So my next immediate goal is the 2017 SEA Games. If I stay focused in this journey, no matter what people say, I know I stand a good chance of bringing back another medal for my loved ones - and for Singapore.
This is what a gold in silat truly means to me, for it is so much more than bringing home a medal for myself.
Silat exponent Muhammad Nur Alfian Juma'en will be representing Singapore at the SEA Games in August.
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school Pause
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
4:47 Former heroin addict talks about low point, rehab
1:03 Prescription drugs ─ the changing face of addiction
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:46 Video captures men robbing taxi driver at gunpoint
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
PARIS: A superb Neymar free-kick helped Paris Saint-Germain to a 3-0 win at troubled Lille on Saturday (Feb 3) as the Ligue 1 leaders began a decisive month as they mean to go on.
The world's most expensive player netted the second goal at the Stade Pierre-Mauroy after Yuri Berchiche had opened the scoring just prior to half-time.
Giovani Lo Celso's delightful chip secured the victory late on, with PSG now 11 points clear of Marseille at the top of the table.
PSG have won 12 of their last 13 games in all competitions, including four in a row since a 2-1 defeat at Lyon last month.
Their season-defining Champions League last-16 tie against Real Madrid is fast approaching, with the first leg to come in the Spanish capital on February 14.
"The best preparation for the match in Madrid is to be competitive in every match and work on the things that we can improve," said PSG coach Unai Emery.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He will hope to have the likes of Adrien Rabiot, Julian Draxler and Thiago Motta back fit for that game, while Kylian Mbappe will almost certainly start at the Santiago Bernabeu.
The teenage France forward was absent on Saturday due to suspension after being sent off in the 3-2 League Cup semi-final win at Rennes in midweek.
"A lot of things can still happen. I cannot say today who is going to play in Madrid, that is impossible. I just hope the best is still to come," added Emery, whose team have a French Cup tie at Sochaux to come on Tuesday.
DEBUCHY DEBUT GOAL
In Mbappe's absence, Angel Di Maria again started alongside Neymar and Edinson Cavani in attack, but the Uruguayan was unable to add to his club record tally of 157 goals.
Spaniard Berchiche was handed a start ahead of Layvin Kurzawa at left-back and he broke the deadlock right on half-time, drilling home after a poor attempted clearance by Junior Alonso fell to him.
Lille is a club with serious off-field worries, concerns about their finances leading to them being handed a transfer embargo that prevented them from adding to their squad in January.
Sports daily L'Equipe even reported on Saturday that the club had been told they face being relegated at the end of the season if their financial situation does not hugely improve, regardless of their final league position.
Christophe Galtier's side had looked set to go into the break on level terms before Berchiche struck, and they were upset that Cavani was not flagged offside in the build-up to that goal.
Just 13 minutes remained when Neymar effectively ended the game as a contest, finding the top-left corner with a free-kick from right on the edge of the area.
It was the Brazilian's 18th goal in 17 Ligue 1 appearances, with seven of those coming in his last three outings.
Lo Celso arguably topped Neymar's effort with his chip over Lille goalkeeper Mike Maignan, as the young Argentine again stood in well for the veteran Motta. The assist had come from new signing Lassana Diarra, on as a substitute for his league debut.
Marseille claimed an extraordinary 6-3 win over bottom club Metz on Friday, with Florian Thauvin scoring a hat-trick.
Fourth-placed Monaco host Lyon, who are third, in a key game in the battle for Champions League places on Sunday.
Elsewhere on Saturday, Mathieu Debuchy scored on his debut for Saint-Etienne in their 2-0 win at Amiens.
France right-back Debuchy signed a deal until the end of the season in midweek after being allowed to leave Arsenal. He was also involved in the build-up to Remy Cabella's goal that sealed the win.
Bordeaux made it two wins out of two under new coach Gustavo Poyet, beating Strasbourg 2-0 away.
French Ligue 1 results:
Lille 0 Paris Saint-Germain 3
Amiens 0 Saint-Etienne 2
Montpellier 2 Angers 1
Nice 0 Toulouse 1
Strasbourg 0 Bordeaux 2
REUTERS: Chelsea have enough experience to keep their composure in the title race after Sunday's 2-0 defeat at Manchester United cut their lead at the top of the Premier League table to four points with six games left, goalkeeper Asmir Begovic has said.
Chelsea have lost two of their last four league games that have reduced their lead over second-placed Tottenham Hotspur, who are on a seven game winning streak in the league.
A majority of the Chelsea squad consist of players that won the league title in 2014-15 campaign and Begovic is confident that they can guide the team to victory yet again.
"It's not getting nervy. We are an experienced group of players who have been there and done this before. We have to just focus on getting better for the next game," Begovic told the club's website.
Begovic maintained that Chelsea were still in a good position and urged his team to focus on themselves instead of Tottenham.
"We'll bounce back. There is still lots to play for this season. We just have to do our job. We still have a four-point advantage which at the beginning of the season we would have taken at this stage," Begovic said.
"We just have to concentrate on ourselves. If we pick up the points we need it doesn't matter what Spurs do."
Chelsea will turn their immediate attention to Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Tottenham at Wembley before hosting Southampton in the league on April 25.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
A 45-year-old Simcoe man has been charged with impaired driving by Six Nations Police.
Police were called just before 1:00 a.m. Thursday about a truck in the ditch near Tuscarora Road and Third Line. On arriving, officers saw the driver of a red Dodge truck trying to drive the vehicle out of the ditch.
In speaking with the driver, officers determined he showed signs of intoxication, and was placed under arrest. Breath samples obtained at the Six Nations Police station indicated his blood alcohol level was over the legal limit.
Double eviction week in the Big Brother house is always tense. Fans and houseguests are permanently on edge as the battle for Head of Household, Power of Veto and the live eviction play out within a few nail-biting minutes. But nothing could prepare the BBCAN5 Odyssey for what was about to happen when the first double eviction shook up this season as Emily Hawkin and the season's veteran queenpin Neda Kalantar exited the house after a shocking major-alliance mutiny.
“I don't know how you're supposed to come to terms with losing out on your dream the second time,” Neda said in much better spirits than how fans last saw her when she exited the house in tears on Thursday night.
The evening's events escalated so quickly once her close ally Sindy Nguyen won the HoH competition and put Dillon Carman and Jackie McCurrach immediately on the block. But when Jackie saved herself with a veto win, Sindy was swayed by Ika Wong into backdooring Neda – even though they were all members of The Six alliance, who had been dominating the game all season.
The three faced off in a screaming match in the pantry before Neda was eventually evicted by a 7-1 vote.
“Sindy likes to make big moves for television. I think Sindy just took that opportunity to do it,” Neda explained, walking Postmedia Network through one of the most jaw-dropping evictions in the Canadian reality franchise's history.
“It was really tense. Me and Ika are really intense people already so for us to be going at each other, everyone's faces were like ‘What the heck is going on right now?' When I was named as the replacement nominee, I just kind of wanted to tell Sindy to stop her fake crying. That's all I wanted to say.”
But the 25-year-old entrepreneur stated that she knew Ika would turn on her eventually, as there were cracks in their alliance from the very beginning of the game.
“It really started early on. From Day 3, there was always something maybe every other day that happened with Ika where she was just an emotional person and very exhausting to work with. It was just a long time coming where the trust was getting chipped away.”
But Emily – who exited the Odyssey just prior to the drama – believes that it was the immunity advantage that Canada gifted Neda that really impacted how she played the game this season by contributing to how she treated people.
“That makes me so happy. Oh my god. That is fantastic. I love it,” Hawkin said when she found out it was Neda who left the house immediately after her.
“I think her whole game strategy would have been different if she didn't get that immunity. I think she started rubbing people the wrong way and was more entitled because she had that immunity and she knew nobody could touch her. But for Sindy to do that, it's kind of surprising. It's wicked-awesome but it just goes to show that nobody really trusts Neda 100%.”
Big Brother Canada airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays on Global.
Aaron Carter‘s ex-girlfriend Madison Parker says the couple did not break up because he came out as bisexual.
“My split with Aaron has nothing to do with him being bisexual. Our parting of ways is something that has been coming for some time and it's the best thing for us both,” Parker said in a new interview with E! News.
After less than a year of dating, the duo called it quits in the beginning of August, right around the time that the pop star publicly came out as bisexual.
“Some of my closest friends and loved ones are of the LGBTQ community, people I love and support wholeheartedly, so for … anyone to label me ‘homophobic' is appalling and hurtful and couldn't be more off character,” she said.
Carter, on the other hand, previously said Parker “didn't understand” his bisexuality. “I had to discuss it with my ex-girlfriend, and she didn't really understand it and she didn't want [to],” the 29-year-old told told “The Bert Show” last week.
He continued, “And that was it. So we left it mutual and parted ways … It was something that I felt was important and that I needed to say.”
RCMP said a pedestrian was killed after being hit by a vehicle while he walked along the highway near Suffield, Alta., on Friday evening.
The pedestrian, a man in his late 20s, was hit on Highway 884 at around 11:30 p.m.
The victim was rushed to hospital by paramedics but succumbed to his injuries on Monday.
RCMP are investigating the incident but said in a news release that no charges would be laid “at this time” and the name of the victim won't be released.
The hamlet of Suffield is located about 250 kilometres southeast of Calgary.
Police remain on the scene investigating the incident, though officials said some of the streets closed since the attack will reopen by day's end.
Near the area where Monday's carnage unfolded, well-wishers wept as they struggled to make sense of the violence that shattered the peace of a usually bustling neighbourhood that regulars describe as a safe haven.
"You feel for this community considering that you live here, you shop here, you laugh with the people here, you go out here," said neighbourhood resident Don-Antonio Andrew. "It's a very traumatic time for this area and for your neighbourhood."
Andrew, who said one pedestrian got hit directly in front of his apartment building, came to lay flowers at the scene in a show of solidarity with the neighbourhood he described as one of the best he's lived in since he moved to Canada.
Claire Hurley, who was making her own floral contribution to the makeshift memorial, said the fatal attack was difficult to reconcile with the safe community she's come to know.
"This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood, so it was a big shock," she said while wiping back tears. "Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine, and enjoying life. I guess you just have to ... enjoy every day."
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street, just below Finch Avenue, where the deadly incident took place.
Across the city from the crime scene, Minassian made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom to learn the charges filed against him. Clad in a white jumpsuit, he looked around and said little other than his name before charges were announced. His next court appearance is currently slated for May 10.
A man police identified as Minassian's father was also present in court.
When asked if he had a statement to offer to the victims' families, the man simply replied "I'm sorry."
Home | Direct | Dashboard | About us
Unless otherwise noted our website is using photographs from FreeDigitalPhotos.net and Wikipedia under their respective licenses
Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.
TOWN OF TONAWANDA, N.Y. (WIVB) — At 6:40 a.m. Wednesday, Town of Tonawanda Police were called to Niagara Falls Blvd. and Thistle Ave. for a pedestrian struck by a vehicle.
The pedestrian is a 22-year-old woman who was transported to ECMC. She was in stable condition.
The woman was crossing from Amherst to the Tonawanda side of the road. There was no cross-walk and no signal, and police say she was running across the street.
The car was headed south on Niagara Falls Blvd. and was traveling in the lane closest to the curb.
No charges will be filed against the driver.
Jeffrey Dean Morgan and wife Hilarie Burton are fed up with fans just showing up at their house.
Both “The Walking Dead” star, 52, and the “One Tree Hill” alum, 36, turned to Twitter to ask fans to respect their privacy.
“Dear people that think it's a solid plan to come to our house, take pictures, drive up to house, knock on door… it's not a good plan,” Morgan tweeted on Tuesday.
“It's rude and creepy. Respect our privacy please. And… you're being recorded.”
Burton retweeted her husband's message and added, “Nothing makes me angrier.”
Morgan and Burton have two children together.
Manchester United defender Phil Jones has welcomed the signing of fellow centre back Victor Lindelof and said it would increase competition for first-team action at the Premier League club.
REUTERS: Manchester United defender Phil Jones has welcomed the signing of fellow centre back Victor Lindelof and said it would increase competition for first-team action at the Premier League club.
The 22-year-old Lindelof was a key player for Portuguese side Benfica last season, missing just six of the club's 46 matches in all competitions as they secured the domestic title for the fourth consecutive year.
In contrast, 25-year-old England international Jones has struggled to book a regular spot at United due to injuries and featured in just 21 of their 64 matches last campaign.
"We're Manchester United, we're going to attract the best players and the biggest players," Jones told British media.
"It would be a strange summer if we weren't signing players like that. Competition is always good."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lindelof is the first close-season signing for Mourinho this year, as the manager aims to add to the Europa League and League Cup triumphs from last season.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Ian Ransom)
RUM, a horror movie which has Hrishikesh of VIP fame in the lead role, has cleared censors with UA certificate and has confirmed February 10 release.
The duration of the film is 131 minutes and the makers believe that it will be a crisp thriller with an underlying emotional quotient.
RUM is written and directed by Sai Bharath. Featuring Hrishikesh, Narain, Sanchita Shetty and Miya George in the lead roles, the film's score and soundtrack is composed by Anirudh Ravichander.
The film began production during early 2016. The film began pre-production works during October 2015, with composer Anirudh Ravichander revealing that he would work on a film titled Rum directed by Sai Bharath and starring his cousin, Hrishikesh, in the lead role.
The project was announced to be funded by All in Pictures, while the director stated that it would be a horror film.
In February 2016, the film's first look poster was unveiled, with actresses Sanchita Shetty and Mia George revealed as the film's lead actresses. Narain, Vivek and Amzath Khan were announced to be playing supporting roles in the film.
SEOUL: Five years ago, Kim Jong Nam, the half-brother of North Korea's ruler, pleaded with his younger sibling to spare his life, according to two lawmakers in South Korea.
He wrote a letter to Kim Jong-un, who took power after their father Kim Jong Il died in December 2011, and asked him to withdraw a standing order for his assassination, according to the lawmakers, who were briefed by South Korea's spy agency.
"We have nowhere to go, nowhere to hide. We are well aware that the only way to escape is suicide," Kim Jong Nam said in a letter to Kim Jong-un, one of the lawmakers said.
Kim Jong Nam, 46, died after an assault, possibly with poison, at an airport terminal in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on Monday. U.S. and South Korean government officials have said they believe he was assassinated by agents from the North.
The eldest son of Kim Jong Il, Kim Jong Nam was hidden from public view for years because his father and actress mother were not legally married. He was not shown to his grandfather, North Korea's founding President Kim Il Sung, until he was five years old.
Kim Jong Nam spent nine years at an international school in Geneva.
When he returned to Pyongyang, he joined the government. His father became leader in 1994 and Kim Jong Nam was expected by some eventually to succeed him - until the Disneyland incident.
In May 2001, Kim Jong Nam was nabbed at Tokyo's Narita airport and held for using a false Dominican Republic passport. He was accompanied by his wife, another woman believed to be a nanny, and a four-year-old boy, his son, according to media reports.
He said the family wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland. All four were deported and went back to North Korea via Beijing.
His father was embarrassed and after that, Kim Jong Nam's star was on the wane.
Kim Jong Nam's mother Song Hye Rim ended up living in Moscow, away from him, and died there after struggling with depression for years. Kim said he often visited the mother's grave in Moscow.
LOVED BEING FREE
After the Disneyland incident, much of the rest of Kim Jong Nam's life was spent overseas, first in China and then in Macau.
South Korea's intelligence service said he had wives and children both in Beijing and Macau, according to lawmakers.
"Because I was educated in the West, I was able to enjoy freedom from early age and I still love being free," he said in notes to a Japanese journalist, Yoji Gomi, who wrote a book on Kim Jong Nam in 2012. "The reason I visit Macau so often is because it's the most free and liberal place near China, where my family lives.
South Korean lawmakers said the spy agency told them that young, unpredictable Kim Jong-un had issued a "standing order" for his half-brother's assassination after he took power, and that there had been a failed attempt in 2012.
"Kim Jong-un said: 'I just hate him. So get rid of him,'" Kim Byung-kee, one of the lawmakers, cited the spy agency as saying about the standing order.
Some analysts have said Jong-un believed his brother could be used in any overthrow of his regime.
After that, Kim Jong Nam did not stay long in any place, and travelled frequently between various cities in Southeast Asia and China.
Kim Jong Nam had not kept his disdain for his brother a secret.
"I'm his half brother, but I've never met him so I don't know," he said in another note to Gomi.
"I'm concerned how Jong-un, who merely resembles my grandfather, will be able to satisfy the needs of North Koreans. Kim Jong-un is still just a nominal figure and the members of the power elite will be the ones in actual power. The dynastic succession is a joke to the outside world."
He added: "The Kim Jong-un regime will not last long. Without reforms, North Korea will collapse, and when such changes take place, the regime will collapse."
Numerous North Korean officials have been purged or killed since Kim Jong-un came to power. Those include his uncle, Jang Song Thaek, who was considered the country's second most-powerful person and was believed to have been close to Kim Jong Nam, who he had helped raise.
"I was raised getting special love from the aunt and uncle and I am not denying that they are even now taking special care of me," Kim Jong Nam said in a note written to Gomi before his uncle was killed.
Sony is releasing a limited edition PlayStation 4 and reducing prices on games and peripherals for their Days of Play promotion next month.
The global promotion, celebrating the PlayStation community, runs from June 8 to June 18. The PS4 will sell for $299.99 and features a 1TB hard drive, Days of Play blue color, and gold Playstation symbol at the center. The Jet Black PS4 Pro will also be on sale for $349.99.
PlayStation accessories, including controllers and VR bundles, will also be discounted. Just released last month, “God of War,” which was just released last month, will be on sale for $49.99. “MLB the Show 18” will also be on sale for $39.99, a significant price drop from the current price of $59.99.
Select older PlayStation exclusives will also be available for reduced prices, including “Gran Turismo Sport” and “Shadow of the Colossus” and select VR titles like “Bravo Team.”
Users planning to renew any memberships with PlayStation might want to hold off until the Days of Play promotion starts — PlayStation Plus and Playstation Vue will both be $10 off.
The Days of Play promotion coincides with the PlayStation E3 Showcase, which begins June 11. Sony will feature exclusive looks at some of their most highly anticipated titles, including “The Last of Us Part II” and Kojima Productions' “Death Stranding.”
See the full list of discounts for the Days of Play promotion over at the PlayStation blog.
When two drivers approach a one-lane bridge from opposite directions, it's essential that they get a good look at each other ahead of time. But that's hard to do at the Sewells Rd. bridge, where tress and bushy weeds can prevent drivers from seeing oncoming traffic until they're almost on top of each other.
Northbound drivers approaching the Sewells Rd. bridge must yield to southbound traffic, but they have a hard time spotting vehicles on the bridge due to leafy bushes and trees. ( Jack Lakey for the Toronto Star )
The far northeast corner of Toronto is the last sliver of rural area in the city; farm fields and wood lots create the illusion that you're in the countryside. Development is steadily encroaching and will eventually swallow it. But for now, it's a wonderful respite from the throb of the big city. One of the quaint throwbacks in the area is the tiny Sewells Rd. suspension bridge spanning the Rouge River, built in 1912. It's been altered from its original design, but still bears the weight of hundreds of vehicles crossing it daily.
Article Continued Below
David Wallace emailed to say bushy weeds and trees at the approaches to the bridge created a serious visibility problem a couple years ago. They were trimmed in 2016, he said, allowing drivers to better see oncoming traffic. “Since then the vegetation has grown back, even more densely this time, and the traffic hazard seems to me at the point where someone could be killed or seriously injured in a crash because of the obscured visibility,” he said. “To solve this problem there are a couple of trees on both sides of the river, especially on the west side of the bridge, that need to be removed entirely, rather than just being trimmed back. “Trimming is a short-term fix that doesn't really solve the problem.” We went there and spotted a sign at the approach on one side that instructs drivers to yield to traffic headed onto the bridge from the other side. But a curve in the road, combined with the trees and bushes, makes it hard to see oncoming traffic.
It's not much better approaching from the other side, where undergrowth creates the same issues. STATUS: Edison Alexander, who's in charge of area road operations, sent us a note saying “my staff will take a look and advise me of their actions.” That means the vegetation will at least be trimmed, if not removed entirely. What's broken in your neighbourhood? Wherever you are in Greater Toronto, we want to know. Email to jlakey@thestar.ca or follow @TOStarFixer on Twitter
As domestic and international pressure mounts, the Maldives has delayed complying with a Supreme Court order for the immediate release and new trials of nine opposition leaders, freeing them to contest presidential elections this year.
MALE: Maldives President Abdulla Yameen fired his second police chief in three days and the opposition said it feared violence, as the island nation was pitched deeper into a crisis caused by Yameen's failure to obey a court order to free jailed opponents.
Three days after the Supreme Court threw out terrorism convictions against Yameen's political opponents, his government on Saturday was still ignoring international and domestic pressure to set them free.
The court dismissed cases against nine people, including former president Mohamed Nasheed, the country's first democratically elected leader, who now lives in exile in Britain and has been campaigning to have his political rights restored.
One of the others also lives in exile; the other seven are jailed in the Maldives' largest prison, on the island of Maafushi.
Hundreds of protesters have taken to the streets to demand compliance with the court order, and Western countries and international organisations have urged Yameen to obey it.
The court also ordered 12 members of parliament who had been stripped of their seats to be restored to the body. The 12 had quit Yameen's ruling party last year, and allowing them to return to the legislature would deprive him of a majority.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The crisis poses the biggest threat to Yameen's control of the Maldives since he took power in 2013, defeating Nasheed in an election that Nasheed's supporters say was rigged.
Yameen has stopped short of saying he will not obey the court order to free his opponents. He told a party meeting on Saturday he "did not expect the Supreme Court ruling at all".
"We've started dialogue with the Supreme Court. We've sat and started talking about difficulties or concerns the state has," he said. "We're working on making sure we can respect the court order in a way that doesn't cause any difficulties to the people."
He fired the chief of police on Thursday shortly after the court order was handed down, and on Saturday he fired the acting police chief he had chosen to replace him.
The director of the Maafushi prison also resigned his post on Saturday amid disagreement among staff over whether to release the opposition leaders, an official at the Maldives Correctional Services (MCS) told Reuters. An MCS spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
OPPOSITION "DEEPLY FEARFUL"
Hundreds of opposition supporters chanted slogans such as "Enforce the Supreme Court ruling," and "Defend the constitution," in a Friday night rally outside the opposition MDP campaign centre in Male, the capital.
The joint opposition said in a statement it was "deeply fearful that the government's refusal to implement the Supreme Court order could escalate to unrest and incite violence across the country."
The Maldives, an Indian Ocean island chain of around 400,000 people known to outsiders mainly as a tropical paradise for the tourists that provide most of its foreign exchange income, has experienced political unrest since Yameen took power.
Yameen is the half brother of Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, who ruled the Maldives for three decades until losing an election to Nasheed in 2008. Yameen and Gayoom have since had a falling out and Gayoom is now aligned with the opposition.
Parliament Secretary General Ahmed Mohamed told Reuters that parliament intended to reinstate the 12 legislators as required by the court. He also said Speaker Abdulla Maseeh Mohamed had asked to cancel this year's opening session of parliament scheduled for Monday, citing security reasons.
The United Nations, the United States, the European Union and India have urged Yameen's government to follow the court ruling.
"We understand the situation is extremely tense," Rupert Colville, a spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, told reporters on Friday.
(Additional reporting and writing by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Peter Graff)
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump waded into the uproar over Roseanne Barr's racist tweet, complaining that an ABC TV executive who apologized for the comments had turned a deaf ear to criticism of him broadcast by the network.
Barr sparked widespread anger with a tweet comparing Valerie Jarrett, an adviser to President Barack Obama, to an ape. Barr wrote in a now-deleted message that if the Islamist political movement "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj."
The tweet led Walt Disney Co's ABC network to cancel its hit revival of her "Roseanne" sitcom, whose popularity Trump has cited as evidence his supporters, who include Barr, want shows that speak to their concerns.
Jarrett said on Tuesday that Disney Chief Executive Bob Iger called her before ABC revealed the show's cancellation.
"Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?" Trump said on Twitter. Trump has been a persistent critic of the news media throughout his campaign and presidency.
Barr blamed her late-night message on the sleep aid Ambien.
"It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible," she wrote in a message that has since been deleted. "I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but...don't defend it please."
Ambien's maker, Sanofi, responded Wednesday.
"People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world," its U.S. arm said on Twitter. "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr said she was tired of "being attacked and belittled more than other comedians who have said worse" and asked for people not to boycott ABC.
Barr, 65, then apologized "for making a bad joke" about Jarrett, who is black and was born in Iran to American parents.
"Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!," Barr said in a tweet late on Tuesday. "I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people, and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet."
Barr's Twitter profile drew supportive comments, with some users saying they believed she had been treated unfairly because of her politics.
Hollywood talent agency ICM on Tuesday dropped Barr as a client. Several networks and the streaming service Hulu said they would no longer rerun her show.
The original "Roseanne" ran from 1988 to 1997, featuring a blue-collar family, the Conners, with overweight parents struggling to get by. It was praised for its realistic portrayal of working-class life.
The current "Roseanne" was ABC's biggest hit of the 2017-2018 season, drawing an average 18.7 million viewers, second only to CBS's "The Big Bang Theory," according to Nielsen data through May 20.
(Reporting by Lisa Richwine and Eric Kelsey; additional reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Scott Malone and Steve Orlofsky)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
President Trump endorsed Rep. Dan Donovan, R-N.Y., Wednesday, citing one of the reasons as Donovan's vote on the tax cut bill signed by Trump at the end of last year. The problem: Donovan didn't vote for the tax cut.
"There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders & Crime, loves our Military & our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again," Trump tweeted. "Dan has my full endorsement!"
In December, Donovan said that he "wanted nothing more than to vote for a tax plan that would put more money in the pockets of overburdened taxpayers and spur job creation." But with the elimination of various deductions, Donovan said the bill would end up raising taxes on his constituents.
"With the state and local tax deduction nearly eliminated, this tax bill doesn't equal relief for far too many New Yorkers," Donovan said in a statement announcing his intention to vote against the bill. "My responsibility and allegiance is to the people who sent me here, and I will not support a tax hike on the people I represent."
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders & Crime, loves our Military & our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
The incumbent Donovan is locked in a primary battle against former Republican Rep. Michael Grimm. Grimm has tried to paint Donovan as not being a strong enough backer of the president's agenda.
Despite Donovan's vote against his tax bill, Trump fears Grimm, who pleaded guilty to federal tax charges in 2014, would lose in the general election. Citing Roy Moore's loss in Alabama, Trump said, "We can't take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!"
Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can't take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Researchers at at Pennsylvania State University recently confirmed the anti-cholesterol benefits of almonds. Regular intake of a handful of almonds increased levels of mature HDL or "good cholesterol" particles, which are associated with cardiovascular health, by 19 percent.According to a study published on Friday, August 11 in the Journal of Nutrition, almonds may not only increase blood levels of HDL (good cholesterol), but also boost the transport of bad blood cholesterol to the liver.Previous studies have already shown that the small oleaginous fruit -- which is not a true nut -- has the capacity to reduce blood levels of LDL (bad cholesterol), which is associated with increased cardiovascular risk.Over a period of six weeks, researchers at Pennsylvania State University monitored two groups of patients with high levels of bad cholesterol. The first group of patients consumed 43 grams of almonds per day, the equivalent of a generous handful, whereas the members of the second group were given a banana muffin.At the end of the end of each study period, the researchers measured the levels and functioning of HDL cholesterol in each participant, and compared these results with blood counts established at the outset of the experiment."HDL is very small when it gets released into circulation,” study author Dr Kris-Etherton said. “It's like a garbage bag that slowly gets bigger and more spherical as it gathers cholesterol from cells and tissues before depositing them in the liver to be broken down.” On this journey, HDL particles grow bigger until they become mature.The study highlighted a 19 percent increase in mature HDL particles in members of the group taking almonds. At the same time, participants whose weight was within normal ranges found their bodies' ability to transport excess cholesterol to the liver improved by 6.4 percent.Rich in magnesium (anti-spasmodic) and potassium (anti-fluid retention), almonds are a healthy and filling snack rich in fiber and protein. A handful of ten almonds has approximately 100 calories.The results of this study have been published in the Journal of Nutrition.
Miserable March 2018 continues.
The National Weather Service has put a winter storm watch in effect for Fairfield County from late Tuesday night through late Wednesday night. The forecast predicts snow accumulations between five to nine inches.
It will be the fourth winter storm to hit the region this month. The first struck on Friday, March 2, leaving thousands powerless due to heavy winds. The next came five days later on Wednesday, March 7, dumping almost two feet of snow in some areas.
Last week, another storm dropped another six inches in town — canceling school for the fifth time in 11 days.
“Plan on difficult travel conditions, including during the evening commute on Wednesday,” the weather service said in its report of the latest storm Monday, March 19 . “Tree branches could fall. significant reductions in visibility are possible.”
For more information, visit weather.gov/okx
SNAP Video John Oliver discusses the French election on "Last Week Tonight" (Warning: contains potentially offensive language) John Oliver discusses the French election on "Last Week Tonight" (Warning: contains potentially offensive language) See more videos
John Oliver has a message for French voters as they prepare to go to the polls in a critical presidential election: Don't make the same mistake we did. Twice.
As Oliver explained Sunday on “Last Week Tonight,” the presidential race in France will most likely have a profound influence on the future of Europe. Should Marine Le Pen, head of the far-right National Front party, prevail, France would most likely follow the Britain by leaving — and potentially ending — the European Union.
“This could be the most disastrous French exit in history,” Oliver said, “and that is acknowledging that a French exit normally refers to drinking an entire bottle of red wine and then leaving a party with the host's wife.”
And before you can say “not gonna happen,” Oliver broke down the reasons why a Le Pen loss is far from a sure thing. The French election is a two-step process, beginning with a general vote on April 23. Assuming none of the dozen or so candidates receives more than 50% of the vote, the top two contenders will compete in a runoff May 7.
Sarcastically mocking France's “ridiculous system” for electing a president and contrasting it with the Electoral College, Oliver joked: “Go easy on France, they're still working out the kinks in their democracy.”
After a brief rundown of the more out-there candidates — including a conspiracy theorist with a hilarious, tenuous understanding of “Star Wars” — Oliver turned his attention to the two candidates perceived as front-runners. And, well, let's just say they've all got some baggage.
First up was Emmanuel Macron, a former banker and economic advisor to President Francois Hollande. “If you're falling asleep just listening to me describe him, you're not alone,” Oliver said, likening the centrist Macron to ‘the guy who played the main character on ‘How I Met Your Mother.' ” (That would be Josh Radnor.)
The one rather interesting thing about Macron? The fact that he married his former high school teacher, who is more than 20 years his senior.
Then there's Le Pen, “the main reason you should be invested in this election.” Though she has distanced herself from her anti-Semitic, Holocaust-questioning father, Le Pen is no stranger to inflammatory anti-immigrant rhetoric.
“You in France love nothing more than acting like you are better than Britain and America. Well, now is your chance to prove that,” Oliver said, urging the French people to prove their alleged superiority by not making another “populist, nativist choice.”
Oliver pleaded his case in the “elegant, restrained manner” preferred by the French — think subtitles, black and white, and accompanied by whimsical accordion music.
“Help us, France,” Oliver said. “You're our only hope.”
See the most-read stories in Entertainment this hour »
Caption 'The Fate of the Furious' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption 'The Fate of the Furious' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption Emmy Chat: Why Minnie Driver's so committed to her 'Speechless' family Minnie Driver talks about her role as fearless mom Maya, showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on "Speechless." Minnie Driver talks about her role as fearless mom Maya, showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on "Speechless." Caption 'Ghost In The Shell' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "Ghost In The Shell," directed by Rupert Sanders, starring Scarlett Johansson, Juliette Binoche, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Justin Chang reviews "Ghost In The Shell," directed by Rupert Sanders, starring Scarlett Johansson, Juliette Binoche, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Caption PaleyFest 2017: Evan Rachel Wood of ‘Westworld' Evan Rachel Wood, who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO's “Westworld,” discusses her character's direction at the end of Season One. Evan Rachel Wood, who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO's “Westworld,” discusses her character's direction at the end of Season One. Caption PaleyFest 2017: James Marsden of ‘Westworld' James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO's “Westworld,” talks about his hopes for what may come next for his character. James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO's “Westworld,” talks about his hopes for what may come next for his character.
meredith.blake@latimes.com
Follow me @MeredithBlake
BELLEVILLE, Ill.: The suspect who opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they played baseball on Wednesday raged against Republican U.S. President Donald Trump on social media and idolized Bernie Sanders, whom he saw as the only politician who understood the working class.
Authorities identified the gunman as James Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois. He died from injuries sustained in a shoot-out with Capitol Hill police who were at the scene in Alexandria, Virginia, outside Washington.
Hodgkinson is believed by investigators to have been a person "of strong views," a senior U.S. official said, without elaborating.
The Belleville News-Democrat newspaper posted a photograph of Hodgkinson protesting outside a post office there in 2012, wearing sunglasses and a goatee and holding a homemade placard that read "TAX the Rich."
Hodgkinson was a member of many anti-Republican groups on Facebook including "The Road to Hell Is Paved With Republicans," "Terminate The Republican Party," and "Donald Trump is not my President," his profile showed before it was taken down.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Trump won the U.S. presidential election in November. Republicans also control both chambers of Congress.
"Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co." Hodgkinson wrote in a March 22 post. His profile picture was a U.S. flag with the slogan: "Democratic Socialism explained in 3 words: 'We the People.'"
Hodgkinson went to Washington several weeks ago to protest against Trump's election, his brother told the New York Times.
The former mayor of Alexandria, Bill Euille, said he talked with the suspect at the local YMCA most mornings for more than a month, and even tried to help find Hodgkinson a job after seeing he was living out of a gym bag, the Washington Post said.
Stephen Brennwald, an Alexandria attorney, also saw Hodgkinson at the YMCA wearing long pants rather than gym attire, and said he often seemed to be staring into space.
"It's just very freaky to think that this guy who was just sitting in there for weeks, not really doing anything, actually turned out to shoot at people," Brennwald told Reuters.
'DESPICABLE ACT'
Hodgkinson's Facebook profile featured a cover photo of Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont who ran unsuccessfully to be the Democratic Party's presidential candidate last year.
Sanders, an independent who ran as a progressive populist but was defeated by Hillary Clinton, said the suspect had "apparently volunteered" on his campaign. In a statement, Sanders condemned the shooting as a despicable act."
One woman who asked not to be named told Reuters that Hodgkinson had contacted her via Facebook as part of a political discussion, but that he subsequently commented on her page that Clinton was a "liar" and a "baby killer."
"I actually blocked him at one point," the woman said.
A bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ in Alexandria said Hodgkinson started coming in for beers about a month ago.
"He was a regular-looking guy that kind of gave you a sense of the creeps, but you can't really put your finger on it," said Christina Shrimshaw, 27, who served him a handful of times but never remembered him discussing politics. "He would talk about very mundane things, like golf. He was big into watching the Golf Channel."
A neighbour in Belleville, William Schaumleffel, recalled how in March he heard gunshots and saw Hodgkinson shooting with a long gun towards woods across a corn field from his yard.
"I yelled at him: 'Hey, stop shooting over there. There are houses over there,'" Schaumleffel said. Hodgkinson did not stop, he added, so he filed a report with the sheriff's office.
Hodgkinson's criminal history included a 2006 arrest on battery charges that were later dismissed, as well as multiple traffic violations, according to state records that identified him as a 5-foot, 6-inch (1.67-metre) man weighing 190 pounds (86 kg), with brown eyes. Most of the infractions were ultimately dropped.
Hodgkinson had been licensed as a home inspector and real estate appraiser, but did not renew his home inspector licence after it expired last year, state records showed. His licence to appraise real estate expired in 1997.
According to Facebook, Hodgkinson went to Belleville Township High School West and studied flight training at Southwestern Illinois College.
Beginning in mid-2015, Hodgkinson began expressing support for Sanders' 2016 campaign, and federal records showed he donated US$18 to the effort.
"Bernie is the Only Candidate in Decades that Really Cares about the Working Class," Hodgkinson posted on June 13, 2016.
The Belleville News-Democrat published letters he wrote the paper criticizing Republicans, tax policies and income inequality. One from August 2012 read: "I have never said 'life sucks,' only the policies of the Republicans."
(Additional reporting by Colleen Jenkins, Diane Bartz, Dustin Volz, Letitia Stein, Gina Cherelus, Mark Hosenball, Chris Kenning, Ian Simpson, Angela Moon, Peter Szkeley and Grant Smith; Writing by Daniel Wallis; Editing by James Dalgleish and Peter Cooney)
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Monday proposed creating a new fast track to market for certain medical devices and a potential reduction in the amount of safety data required for approval.
REUTERS: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Monday proposed creating a new fast track to market for certain medical devices and a potential reduction in the amount of safety data required for approval.
Commissioner Scott Gottlieb announced the proposal in a blog posted on the FDA's website. If implemented, it could save device companies millions of dollars in product testing and shave years off development times.
The proposals make good on President Donald Trump's promise to cut regulations and sparked concern from public health advocates who fear the moves will harm patients. Already dozens of devices are recalled each year.
Gottlieb's proposal would offer an alternative route to market for certain companies who do not meet the criteria for clearance under the agency's existing fast track route, known as the 510(k) pathway.
To win 510(k) clearance a product must be moderate risk and substantially equivalent to an existing device, called a predicate. High-risk products such as implantable heart devices must go through a more rigorous process.
Gottlieb said that advancing technology means it can be hard for companies to identify a suitable predicate, "which can create an obstacle to certain kinds of innovation and lead to inefficiency in the review process."
Advertisement
Advertisement
His new proposal would dispense with the need for a predicate and offer the option of using a benchmark consisting of a set of performance standards or guidance documents. The plan would be voluntary.
Janet Trunzo, a spokeswoman for the industry organization AdvaMed, said the organization "commends FDA's commitment to promoting patient access to medical technologies through innovative regulatory pathways."
Gottlieb said the FDA will also examine ways to speed the path to market for high risk products by re-evaluating the amount of safety data needed prior to approval. The agency will issue guidance shortly outlining "how certain issues could be ultimately resolved in the post-market setting, rather than the pre-market setting, to allow patients to gain faster access to potentially life-saving devices."
Dr. Rita Redberg, a cardiologist at the University of California San Francisco and editor of JAMA Internal Medicine, said shifting safety monitoring from the pre-approval to the post-market setting would turn patients into guinea pigs.
"When we use devices on patients without clinical studies first, the patients effectively become the trial and the insurers become the funder of the device trial," she said.
Others echoed Redberg's concern.
"I see a potentially huge problem in moving more risk to the post-approval setting," said Areta Kupchyk, a partner at Foley Hoag and former associate chief counsel at the FDA. "It's very difficult once a product has been approved to pull it back."
(Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Adopting an open skies policy will boost tourism, travel and economic growth in the region, argues Institute for Democracy and Economic Affairs' Wan Saiful Wan Jan.
SINGAPORE: Southeast Asia has a lot to offer to global tourists.
The rich cultural diversity, affordable lifestyle and beautiful geography, all make countries in the ASEAN region attractive to tourists from around the world. Growing connectivity also makes it easier for tourists to experience multiple cities and countries within the same trip.
As the most developed economy in the region, Singapore alone attracted more than 16 million visitors last year, according to data from the Department of Statistics. For a small country, this figure is a significant share of the more than 100 million tourist arrivals in the ten ASEAN countries.
A sizable number of tourists visiting Southeast Asia actually come from another country in the region. The ASEAN Secretariat says that intra-ASEAN travellers make up 41 per cent of the tourist numbers in 2015 and this figure is expected to grow.
If we add the number of people travelling within Southeast Asia for work, the figure will be even higher.
A big contributor to this development is the growth of regional airlines, especially low-cost carriers.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A SINGLE AVIATION MARKET
Those who keep tabs on bargain flight tickets and are avid travellers within Southeast Asia will be interested to know that an important meeting likely to have bearing on the region's aviation market will take place in Singapore this coming week.
Transport Ministers from across ASEAN will be in the country to discuss various regional transport issues, including the ASEAN Single Aviation Market. This is an agenda that can enhance tourism's contribution to regional economic growth.
Travellers arriving at the immigration hall in Changi Airport Terminal 2. (File photo: TODAY)
At a time when the world is facing a challenging economic environment, the region could certainly use a boost from travel and tourism.
Known as the Open Skies agreement, the Single Aviation Market initiative promises to create competition between airlines that will benefit consumers.
The agreement which had the support of ASEAN Transport Ministers in 2015 envisages the liberalisation of air travel and the removal of restrictions on air transport of passengers and cargo for airlines in the ten countries.
The single market will also provide the opportunity for homegrown airlines to expand by increasing their number of intra-ASEAN routes. While this will directly benefit the companies and their employees, the wider supply chain will see trickle-down effects too.
As they expand, airline companies will have to compete with each other, and consumers can expect fares to drop as a result of this rivalry. Consumers will benefit from cheaper airfares and more airline choices.
To differentiate themselves, airlines may also offer new routes to key destinations, providing still more options for tourists, and generating more opportunities in the tourism sector.
Malaysia Airlines planes sit on the tarmac at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Jul 21, 2014. (Photo: Reuters/Edgar Su)
If ASEAN governments vigorously pursue the Single Aviation Market's agenda, the benefits can be shared by all ASEAN citizens.
Singapore will a prime beneficiary because it is already a regional and global hub for many airlines. But neighbouring countries, like Malaysia, will reap benefits too.
The total contribution of travel and tourism to Malaysian GDP was RM167.5 billion (US$39.6 billion), or almost 14 per cent, in 2016. Tourist arrivals originating from ASEAN countries to Malaysia made up about 76 per cent of all tourist arrivals in Malaysia that same year. Evidently, intra-ASEAN tourism is a major contributor to the country's economy.
The rise of alternative beach destinations such as Sihanoukville in Cambodia and Phu Quoc in Vietnam, to rival the traditionally popular Bali and Phuket, further illustrate how there is still so much more of Southeast Asia to discover, destinations for airlines to cater to, and tourist dollars to be earned.
It is not just existing hubs like Singapore which stand to benefit handsomely from the Single Aviation Market. There is something for everyone.
Two Cambodian fishermen go for night fishing as the sun goes down in the seaside resort of Sihanoukville some 230kms South of Phnom Penh, 22 April 2001. (Photo: AFP/Philippie Lopez)
THREE STEPS TO TACKLE HURDLES
For sure, such a major regional undertaking does not come easy and there remains some hiccups.
ASEAN's diversity means countries in the region are still at very different stages of development, and therefore every country will have their own calculations to make about the risks and benefits of liberalising their aviation industry.
Some, like Indonesia and the Philippines, have expressed concerns about the ability of their airline companies to compete against bigger rivals from other countries. These concerns are understandable, and clearly more work needs to be done in this respect.
There are three specific steps that can be taken by various ASEAN governments to tackle the hurdles.
First, an ASEAN-level arrangement that oversees the effective implementation of the Single Aviation Market should be established. Regular meetings of the heads of the civil aviation agencies from the different countries can be helpful to these ends.
Frequent interaction will enable them to have a deeper discussion on technical and regulatory matters to find solutions that take into account their national challenges, so that hurdles to air travel can be gradually lowered and eventually removed.
The ASEAN Transport Ministers signed a master plan to boost connectivity in the region's transport sector and a protocol aiding in the formation of an ASEAN Single Aviation Market in 2015. (Photo: Sumis Naidu)
Second, ASEAN countries need to commit to harmonise regulations that affect the aviation industry, especially on matters that involve safety and efficiency. At the moment, the regulations are too varied, making cross-border enforcement and cooperation tricky.
For example, mutual recognition of licenses and certification for personnel that include pilots, engineers and air traffic controllers would greatly enhance the benefits of a Single Aviation Market. Similarly, cross-ASEAN standardisation and recognition of documents such as certificates of aircraft airworthiness would help make airline operations smoother too.
Third, there should be more high-level discussions that lead to concrete action plans and implementation timelines for a Single Aviation Market. These are in ASEAN's overall economic interests of greater integration.
The ASEAN Economic Community's goal of greater connectivity has indeed been discussed at length, but there are still many issues that are not yet fully resolved, when it comes to implementing initiatives like the Single Market Aviation, despite having in-principle support from the highest levels of government.
It is important for the ASEAN Transport Ministers meeting to come up with specific next steps as well as a clear timeline.
WIDER ECONOMIC BENEFIT
Efficient and affordable air transport is not just good for tourism, but also critical for the region's continued economic growth and vibrancy.
The World Economic Forum predicts that the region will have the world's fifth largest economy by 2020. Last year, intra-ASEAN total trade reached almost S$750 billion – a substantial figure as it is.
Just imagine how much more that figure could grow, with a more cost-effective aviation industry that enhances the flow of people and goods.
This Single Aviation Market is a potential game-changer for ASEAN. When the Transport Ministers meet, they should devote more attention to realising its possibilities.
If ASEAN Transport Ministers can commit to this agenda, and reiterate their commitment to speed up the process, there should be nothing preventing full implementation by the end of 2020.
The potential is huge and the sky's the limit.
Wan Saiful Wan Jan is chief executive of the Institute for Democracy and Economic Affairs in Malaysia.
The speculation is over and we're done horsing around -- Rob Gronkowski is playing football in 2018.
The tight end announced Tuesday he intends to return to the New England Patriots, via an Instagram post.
Around The NFL will have more on this story shortly.
SEOUL/KUALA LUMPUR: South Korea's spy agency suspects two female North Korean agents assassinated the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Malaysia, lawmakers in Seoul said on Wednesday, as Malaysian medical authorities sought a cause of death.
U.S. government sources also told Reuters they believed that North Korean assassins killed Kim Jong Nam. Malaysian police said he had been assaulted on Monday in Kuala Lumpur International Airport and died on the way to hospital.
South Korean intelligence believed Kim Jong Nam was poisoned, lawmakers said after being briefed by the spy agency.
They said the spy agency told them that the young, unpredictable North Korean leader had issued a "standing order" for his half-brother's assassination, and that there had been a failed attempt in 2012.
Kim had been at the airport's low-cost terminal to catch a flight to Macau on Monday, when someone grabbed or held Kim's face from behind, after which he felt dizzy and sought help, Malaysian police official Fadzil Ahmat told Reuters.
According to South Korea's spy agency, Kim Jong Nam had been living, under Beijing's protection, with his second wife in the Chinese territory of Macau, the lawmakers said. One of them said Kim Jong Nam also had a wife and son in Beijing.
Portly and gregarious, Kim Jong Nam was the eldest son of late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and had spoken out publicly against his family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
"If the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime," South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, who is also acting president, told a security meeting.
The meeting was called in response to Kim Jong Nam's death, news of which first emerged late on Tuesday.
South Korea is acutely sensitive to any sign of instability in isolated North Korea, and is still technically in a state of war with its impoverished and nuclear-armed neighbour, which carried out its latest ballistic missile test on Sunday.
TICKET TO MACAU
Malaysian police said the dead man held a passport under the name Kim Chol, with a birth date that made him 46.
Kim Jong Nam was known to spend a significant amount of time outside North Korea, travelling in Macau and Hong Kong as well as mainland China, and has been caught in the past using forged travel documents.
His body was taken on Wednesday morning to a second hospital, where an autopsy was being performed. North Korean embassy officials had arrived at the hospital and were coordinating with local authorities, police sources said.
One of the South Korean lawmakers said Seoul's spy agency expected the body would be returned to Kim's family in Macau.
A Malaysian police source who had seen closed-circuit TV footage from the airport said a woman was involved in the attack.
"So far from the CCTV we can confirm it's a woman," the source said.
Asked during a news briefing if the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed, South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee said: "Yes, I have said it is confirmed."
Officials at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur would not speak to reporters gathered outside its gate and refused them entry. A few cars were seen leaving the embassy.
There was no mention of Kim Jong Nam's death in North Korean state media.
In Beijing, China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a daily news briefing that he noted media reports of Kim's death and understood the Malaysian authorities were investigating.
WHOSE ORDERS?
Michael Madden, a U.S.-based expert on the North Korean leadership, cast doubt on the notion that Kim Jong-un had personally ordered the killing of his half-brother.
Doing so would further feed the perception that Kim Jong-un was engaged in a "reign of terror" and is insecure about his leadership, and would also irritate China and Malaysia, two of the few countries with which North Korea has relatively good relations, he said.
"It does not serve Kim Jong-un's political interests to have Jong Nam assassinated," Madden said. "It is likely that if he was killed by North Korean operatives, then someone else pushed the button."
South Korea's Unification Ministry urged North Korean defectors in South Korea and abroad to be mindful of their security.
Numerous North Korean officials have been purged or killed since Kim Jong-un took power following his father's death in 2011. Those include his uncle Jang Song Thaek, who was considered the country's second most-powerful person and was believed to have been close to Kim Jong Nam.
Jang was executed on Kim Jong-un's orders in 2013.
Koh Yu-hwan, a professor of North Korean studies at Dongguk University in Seoul, said that given Kim Jong Nam's family connection, it was "difficult to imagine" an assassination would be carried out without the leader's consent.
"Kim Jon Un may have been worried about more and more of North Korean elites turning against him after Thea Yon Ho defected to the South," he said, referring to last year's defection by North Korea's deputy ambassador in London.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park, Cynthia Kim, Hyunjoo Jin and Yun Hwan Chae in SEOUL and Joseph Sipalan, Praveen Menon and Emily Chow in KUALA LUMPUR; Writing by Tony Munroe; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
A hard-line Israeli lawmaker is sarcastically thanking Twitter for briefly freezing his account following a post he wrote about wishing a teen Palestinian protester had been shot.
Bezalel Smotrich of the Jewish Home party says Tuesday that Twitter had given greater prominence to his stance that the 17-year-old was a "terrorist."
Smotrich says Twitter's "bullying" unmasked the liberals who "support free speech for all as long as you think just like them."
Smotrich says he was cut off for about 12 hours after his post about Ahed Tamimi, who is serving an eight-month prison term for slapping and kicking Israeli soldiers outside her West Bank home.
Smotrich wrote that instead of arresting her, the soldiers should have shot her in the knee to put her in "home arrest for life."
Theresa May will aim to secure a boost for Britain's post-Brexit trade when she visits Japan.
The Prime Minister will put trade and investment opportunities at the heart of her visit, where she will be received by Emperor Akihito and the Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe.
Defence and security cooperation is also expected to be a key theme of the trip, from Wednesday August 30 to Friday September 1.
Last month Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson used a visit to Tokyo to say Britain was poised for an "all-singing, all-dancing" post-Brexit free trade deal with Japan.
Mrs May will be accompanied on the trip by business leaders from a range of sectors.
A Downing Street spokesman said the delegation "will showcase the strength of British business, the shared confidence in the UK-Japan economic relationship as we leave the EU, and the potential for future growth".
The trip will be Mrs May's first visit to Japan as prime minister, having met Mr Abe at the G20 in Hamburg last month, at Chequers in April, and at the UN General Assembly in New York last year.
As well as trade and security, the spokesman said the visit would also cover issues such as working together to support the rules-based international system and the promotion of free trade and democratic values.
ISLAMABAD - Senior Pakistan People's Party (PPP) leader Senator Sherry Rehman has said a flopped foreign policy of the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N)-led government has put the country in a dangerous position. In an exclusive interview with The Nation at her residence here, the PPP vice president said the United States had shifted the blame on Pakistan regarding its own failures in Afghanistan.
“This is due to our foreign policy. We did not deal with the Afghanistan situation as we should have and in the end the US is shifting the responsibility to Pakistan,” she said.
The senator said Afghanistan was a weak state and the situation got out of control after the US-led invasion.
“It was easy to defeat the militants in a war but it is very challenging to stop them from terror activities. Pakistan should have told the US about the consequences to avoid the blame game later. Our foreign policy has put us in a dangerous position,” she added.
The PPP leader, who also served as Pakistan's ambassador the US in the recent years, said the PML-N government did not take up Pakistan's case on the Afghan issue bringing the US into an offensive position.
To a question, she said US President Donald Trump and his team were siding with Afghanistan and India on the Afghan crises and on the issue of tension along LoC. “We should have been on the top. Now we are on the defensive. We should have put the US on the defensive and told them we had warned of the consequences well in advance,” she asserted.
The senator said that the US should acknowledge Pakistan's efforts in the war on terror instead of doubting its role.
She said ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif also failed in defusing the tension in the Middle East. “He has personal ties with the royal families of both Saudi Arabia and Qatar but he used them only for his own benefit. Pakistan could have emerged as a hero, if it had played a reconciliatory role instead of issuing mere statements,” the senator maintained.
She said if Pakistan had played a positive role, it would have benefitted the nation.
“You can compare the oil rates during our government and [now at the time of] the present rulers. Please also keep in mind Nawaz Sharif's personal ties with the royals,” Rehman said. The PPP leader said that Pakistan could not afford to take sides in the Arab conflict where Sunni and Shias were fighting each other.
“Pakistan has a huge Shia population itself. Our role should have been to help defuse the tension instead of becoming a party,” she was of the view.
The PPP vice-president said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's India was becoming increasingly dangerous for the minorities, especially the Muslims.
“Back in Pakistan, we also need to work for giving equal rights to the minorities but in India situation is worse. Extremism is rising and they are killing people for following a different faith,” she said.
The lawmaker said that India was also on the offensive along the borders and had resorted to bloodshed in Kashmir.
“These are not good signs. We need to take these issues powerfully at the international forums,” she remarked.
The senator said that the PPP always supported laws to ensure equal rights for minorities in Pakistan. “We want them to contribute for the progress and prosperity of the nation. They have played their role in the past but we understand there are some hurdles in their way. The Sindh government [led by the PPP] has implemented registration of Hindus marriages, which will be helpful,” she added.
Rehman said that the country needed to defeat the terror mindset as killing the militants alone would not eliminate the menace of terrorism. “Our forces have cleared many areas. They have even cleared North Waziristan, which many thought was impossible. This is only one victory. We need to defeat the mindset to take Pakistan further. The same has happened in Afghanistan where the militants are resurfacing,” she said.
Rehman said that the PML-N and the PTI had disappointed the nation.
“They could bring no change in Pakistan or in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa [where the PTI leads the provincial government],” she claimed.
The legislator said that the PPP remained the only hope for the people.
“Our rallies have had great response from the public. We are set to return to power in the general elections,” she insisted.
Rehman said that Nawaz Sharif played a role to topple the PPP governments in the past, supported General Ziaul Haq and celebrated the sacking of Yousaf Raza Gilani as the prime minister in 2012 but was now trying to cash in on the same cases.
“Suddenly he has turned into a democrat and is crying over the past events. The people will now ignore these slogans and vote for the PPP,” she said.
Asked, if the PPP will support the removal of articles 62 and 63 from the constitution, if the PML-N moved for it, the senator said: “We will see when the time comes and how they go about it.”
Rehman said that the sun had set for the PTI and it was rising for the PPP.
“Now it is the PPP's turn. We will win the next polls. The PML-N and the PTI have lost public support,” she remarked.
To a question, she said Asif Ali Zardari and Bilawal Bhutto Zardari would decide who would be the PPP's prime minister if the party formed the next government.
“The future of course belongs to Bilawal but the decisions are taken by the party leadership,” she added.
Shafqat Ali
The cost of last year's Rio Olympics has risen to 43.3 billion reais (10.35 billion pounds), around 14.5 billion reais more than originally planned, according to figures published by the federal agency for Olympic legacy (AGLO) on Wednesday.
RIO DE JANEIRO: The cost of last year's Rio Olympics has risen to 43.3 billion reais (10.35 billion pounds), around 14.5 billion reais more than originally planned, according to figures published by the federal agency for Olympic legacy (AGLO) on Wednesday.
The original budget when Brazil won the right to host the Games in 2009 was around 28.8 billion reais.
The total announced on Wednesday could still rise further, but it was in keeping with expectations that had been revised during the countdown to South America's first ever Olympics.
The cost is below the 8.92 billion pounds (US$14.3 billion) spent on London 2012, but still more than twice the US$5.2 billion average cost of hosting the Summer Games, according to a 2015 study by the University of Oxford and Said Business School.
Some 7.23 billion reais was spent on venues, AGLO said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Globo sports website reported that the cost of infrastructure projects rose to 26.7 billion reais and another 9.2 billion reais was spent on operating costs.
Rio de Janeiro, which hosted the Olympics in August and the Paralympics in September, has been criticised for a lack of legacy planning, with some of the venues abandoned soon after the closing ceremony.
Other infrastructure projects, including a new metro line that does not extend all the way to the main Olympic Park, have had their effectiveness questioned.
Officials said that legacy planning was a major challenge but that they intended to hold an average of three events a month at the Olympic venues starting this June, a number they hope will increase to 10 events a month by December.
"It's not easy to manage the legacy," AGLO president Paulo Marcio Dias Mello told reporters. "London, for example, took two years to deliver the legacy and even today there is public investment in that legacy."
"Even if it doesn't meet everyone's expectations, it will be a relief that what we have here will not be white elephants."
(Reporting by Rodrigo Viga Gaier; Writing by Andrew Downie; Editing by Toby Davis)
Wed, Jun 14: A fatality inquiry into the violent death of a peace officer nearly five years ago said changes have to be made to protect officers across the province. The inquiry, which wrapped up on Wednesday, was called to examine the circumstances surround the retired Mountie's death. David Boushy reports.
JOEVINCE Canizares and the rest of the Roosters spoiled the debut of former Cesafi MVP Macmac Tallo as they beat the Gorillas, 83-80, in the Cebu Weekend Basketball League last weekend at the City Sports Club Cebu basketball court.
Canizares, an energetic power forward, had 25 points, 16 rebounds and two blocks to overshadow Tallo's 27-point, six-assist outing for the Gorillas.
In other matches of what was a packed weekend, former University of San Carlos Warrior Mike Cantonao fired in 28 points to lead the way for the Penguins' 96-64 bashing of the Toros.
ADVERTISEMENT
Brian Deodoro also helped the cause with 13 boards and four assists.
The Mantis also nabbed a win as they beat the Parrots, 79-57, behind the 21-point performance of guard Kim Rojas.
The Cobras edged the Pandas, 66-61, while the Tigers got 20 points and eight dimes from Jig Paul Morales to help them get a 90-87 win over the Pythons.
The Mustangs got 19 markers from Aaron Uy to torch the Dragons, 85-55, even as former Southwestern University guard Francis Ortega had 20 points, seven assists and two steals to carry the Bears past the Scorpions, 86-80.
Liverpool: Mohamed Salah came back to haunt former club Roma in spectacular style with two goals and two assists as Liverpool stormed towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 semi-final, first-leg win at Anfield on Tuesday.
Roberto Firmino also scored twice and Sadio Mane netted Liverpool's other goal to make up for missing a series of gilt-edged chances as the scoreline did anything but flatter the hosts.
Roma produced one of the finest comebacks in Champions League history by overturning a 4-1 first-leg deficit against Barcelona in the quarter-finals.
They will need to do the same in the return leg on 2 May, but the visitors were at least given a lifeline when Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti grabbed two vital away goals in the final 10 minutes.
Liverpool will rue their missed chances and poor late defending but remain well on course for a first final in 11 years.
The hosts' early rhythm was disrupted when Alex-Oxlade Chamberlain was stretchered off with a nasty-looking knee injury, which could threaten his World Cup dreams with England.
Moments later, the visitors were inches away from the opener when Aleksandar Kolarov's long-range strike slipped through the grasp of Loris Karius and came back off the crossbar.
However, Liverpool soon settled and should have put the tie beyond doubt before half-time.
Mane blazed over when clean through on goal and then skewed wide when teed up by Firmino.
Salah's first sight of goal then brought a smart save from Alisson before Mane's frustrating night continued as he was flagged offside when he did put the ball in the net from Andrew Robertson's low cross.
Unselfish superstar
Roma have now lost their last four Champions League away games — shipping 13 goals in the process — and were punished by the man they sold to Liverpool for what now seems a bargain £37 million last year.
Nine minutes of the first half remained when Salah picked the ball up just inside the Roma area and was given far too much time by Juan Jesus to cut inside onto his favoured left foot and curl the ball with unerring accuracy into the top corner.
The chances continued to come for the hosts, but unfortunately for Jurgen Klopp, not all of them fell the way of Salah as Dejan Lovren headed a glorious opportunity against the bar before Alisson got down to parry Georginio Wijnaldum's powerful strike.
Brazilian number one Alisson has been in stunning form but even he was powerless as Salah struck again in first-half stoppage time with a trademark dinked finish over the advancing 'keeper.
Chasing a first ever Champions League hat-trick, Salah would have been forgiven for going for goal as he bore down on Alisson once more 11 minutes into the second period.
But he showed why he is considered one of the game's more unselfish superstars by squaring for a relieved Mane to convert from close range.
Salah wreaked more havoc five minutes later when he sped past the helpless Jesus and pulled the ball across goal for Firmino to tap home.
Firmino then rose the highest head home James Milner's corner to take Liverpool's fearsome front three's combined tally for the season to 88.
Roma's night seemed to be summed up when midfielder Kevin Strootman and coach Eusebio Di Francesco became engaged in a blazing row after the fifth goal went in.
However, Klopp's decision to withdraw Salah 15 minutes from time backfired as the tie swung back Roma's way in the final stages.
Firstly, with nine minutes left, Dzeko slotted home his 21st goal of the season as Lovren got caught underneath the ball.
Moments later, Anfield was stunned when Milner was punished for a handball inside the area and Perotti coolly slotted home the resulting penalty.
Hannah Marie Welling, 19, died at 9:55 p.m. Friday, Aug. 11, 2017, at Saint Louis University Hospital due to complications with leukemia.
Visitation will be 4-8 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 15, at Elias, Kallal, and Schaaf Funeral Home, 2521 Edward St. in Alton. Second visitation will be 9 a.m. until service at 11 a.m. Wednesday, Aug. 16, at Messiah Lutheran, 920 Milton Road in Alton. Burial will follow at Fosterburg Cemetery in Fosterburg.
Uber will defend its right to operate in London in court next year after the app was deemed unfit to run a taxi service and stripped of its licence in its most important European market.
LONDON: Uber will defend its right to operate in London in court next year after the app was deemed unfit to run a taxi service and stripped of its licence in its most important European market.
Regulator Transport for London (TfL) shocked the Silicon Valley firm by rejecting its licence renewal bid in September, citing its approach to reporting serious criminal offences and background checks on drivers.
Uber's 40,000 drivers, representing around one in three of all private hire vehicles on the British capital's roads, can continue to take passengers until the appeals process is exhausted, which could take years.
The legal battle pitches one of the world's richest cities against a tech giant known for its forays into new markets around the world that have prompted bans, restrictions and protests, including by drivers of London's famous black cabs.
At a case management hearing on Monday, the chief magistrate at Westminster Magistrates' Court Emma Arbuthnot said she hoped to hear the appeal over five days from April 30, although the start date could be pushed back due to scheduling clashes.
Further hearings will take place next week to decide whether the GMB trade union and the London Taxi Drivers' Association can participate in the case.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Months of further legal wrangling are likely unless the app, valued at around US$70 billion with investors including Goldman Sachs, can come to a new arrangement with the regulator.
Chief Executive Dara Khosrowshahi has apologised to Londoners and met TfL Commissioner Mike Brown in October for what both sides described as constructive talks.
Brown told Reuters in November that "there are some discussions going on to make sure they are compliant."
"We continue having constructive discussions with Transport for London in order to resolve this," an Uber spokesman said ahead of Monday's hearing. "As our new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi has said, we are determined to make things right."
Losing its London licence was just one of many blows to Uber this year as a stream of executives left amid controversies involving allegations of sexual harassment and issues surrounding data privacy and business practices.
In Britain, Uber is looking to appoint a new boss after Jo Bertram announced her departure less than two weeks after London's decision.
It also faces potential problems in the northern English city of Sheffield where its licence has been suspended and in Brighton, southern England, where local officials extended the firm's licence for only six months to give them more time to consider the outcome of the dispute in London.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; Editing by Keith Weir)
A British cybersecurity expert who derailed a global ransomware attack has pleaded not guilty to creating and selling a malware that harvests banking details as he appeared in a US court.
Marcus Hutchins, 23, denied six counts relating to the Kronos malware as he faced a judge in Milwaukee on Monday.
The researcher, from Ilfracombe, Devon, was arrested on August 2 in Las Vegas's McCarran airport as he prepared to leave a hacking convention, according to a friend.
After the hearing, defence lawyer Marcia Hofmann said she is confident he will be found not guilty at a trial.
She said: "Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero.
"He is going to vigorously defend himself against these charges and when the evidence comes to light, we are confident that he will be fully vindicated."
Hutchins, also known as MalwareTech, is accused of creating and distributing the banking trojan between July 2014 and July 2015 alongside another defendant, who has not been named and is at large.
In May this year, Hutchins was hailed a hero for curbing the WannaCry ransomware attack that infected more than 300,000 computers in 150 countries and crippled the NHS.
Prosecutor Dan Cowhig told an earlier court hearing that Hutchins admitted to interviewers that he created the code and hinted that he sold it.
Hutchins, who works for Los Angeles-based computer security firm Kryptos Logic, was freed on a 30,000 US dollar (£23,000) bail.
His strict bail conditions were modified to allow him to use a computer for work, having been banned from using the internet at an earlier hearing.
Brian Klein, also representing Hutchins, said: "We are very pleased today that the court modified his terms, allowing him to return to his important work."
Hutchins can also now travel around the US and live in Los Angeles - so he can be near his legal team ahead of his trial, which has been set to begin on October 23.
Southampton are looking for a manager with a shared "long-term vision" after sacking Claude Puel.
Frenchman Puel, 55, took over at St Mary's last summer and guided Saints to the EFL Cup final, where they lost to Manchester United, and an eighth-placed finish in last season's Premier League.
But the board has opted to make a change, dismissing the former Lyon and Nice boss.
A statement from Southampton on Wednesday evening said the club had "terminated the contract of Claude Puel with immediate effect".
It continued: " Everyone at Southampton would like to express our thanks to Claude for his hard work and commitment this year.
"The highlight of the season was a memorable day at Wembley in the EFL Cup final, a day our fans will always treasure. We wish Claude well for the future.
"The search for a new management team is under way.
"We are confident that we will find the right fit in line with the long-term vision of the club."
Despite the positivity around Southampton's Wembley appearance in February, they lost 16 league games to slip to eighth after Ronald Koeman had delivered sixth place before moving to Everton.
The south-coast side also suffered early exits from both the FA Cup and the Europa League.
Come the final game of the season, a 1-0 home defeat to Stoke, Saints fans appeared to have turned against Puel, chanting "You don't know what you're doing" and booing the Castres-born tactician.
Rumours of player unrest have continued into the summer and, on the day which saw the 2017-18 fixtures released, Puel - a Ligue 1 winner with Monaco in 2000 - has departed Hampshire just 12 months into a three-year contract.
Former Borussia Dortmund boss Thomas Tuchel, recent Alaves coach Mauricio Pellegrino and Premier League winner Claudio Ranieri have been linked with Saints, although the Italian former Leicester manager is expected to take over at Nantes imminently.
Reading's Jaap Stam is another reported contender after guiding the Royals to the Sky Bet Championship play-off final.
Former Southampton midfielder turned pundit Matt Le Tissier thinks Puel was shown the exit after taking the club on a "backwards step".
"The main sticking point for him was the lack of goals and possibly the lack of entertaining football," Le Tisser told Sky Sports HQ.
"No goals in the last five games at home was a big factor I think. People got a bit fed up of seeing a lot of possession in the first two thirds of the pitch but very little action in the last third, and I think that's the thing that's cost him his job.
"When you look at the eighth-placed finish and the cup final it doesn't look like a bad season so there's going to be a lot of people looking from the outside and wondering 'what has he done to deserve to be sacked?'
"But if you have watched a lot of Southampton's games this season it's been a backwards step so far under Claude in respect that we had a lot less points than we did in previous seasons, a lot less goals, so I think the club probably felt we had taken a step backwards and they didn't want (that) to carry on."
Disney dazzled CinemaCon attendees Tuesday with footage from its upcoming live-action “The Lion King,” “Dumbo,” and “Aladdin” movies, all opening in 2019.
The studio closed its 90-minute presentation at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas with “The Circle of Life” opening sequence to Jon Favreau's “The Lion King,” which opens July 19, 2019 — 25 years and a month after the original.
The footage appears to mirror the opening minutes of the 1994 animated blockbuster in which King Mufasa's newborn son, Simba, is presented to the animal kingdom at Pride Rock by Rafiki the baboon, the shaman and adviser to Mufasa. Rafiki, who has the same colorful facial markings as in the animated film, rubs Simba's face with red dust before presenting him.
Exhibitors were also impressed by the early footage from “Dumbo,” directed by Tim Burton and loosely inspired by the 1941 animated film. The period movie includes Danny DeVito as the circus ringmaster and Michael Keaton as the owner. The footage included image of the CGI pachyderm with massive ears, but did not include any actual flying by the elephant.
“We had to hold something back,” said newly named distribution head Catherine Taff, who presided over the presentation.
Attendees also gave a positive response to footage from the live-action “Aladdin,” starring Will Smith as the Genie. The film — a remake of the 1992 animated hit — also stars Mena Massoud with Naomi Scott, Marwan Kenzari, Navid Negahban, Nasim Pedrad, Billy Magnussen, and Numan Acar. It is scheduled to be released on May 24, 2019.
“Disney knows how to do it,” Smith said in a clip. “This is going to be beautiful.”
Disney has continued to exert its box office dominance in recent years with an array of live-action remakes of its animated films, including “Alice in Wonderland,” “The Jungle Book,” and last year's “Beauty and the Beast,” which grossed $1.25 billion worldwide.
POPULAR VIDEO ON VARIETY.COM
Categories:
Tags:
JORDAN Blades and Rovers United Bruck could do no wrong against Benalla Bushrangers on Saturday.
The Hawks ran rampant with the ball, bowling Benalla out for just 89 runs from 33 overs.
In a truly dominating day for the home side they forced Benalla's batsmen to make four ducks, while just four Bushrangers players made double figure run tallies.
Wade King made 23, Bushrangers captain Sam Gladstone cruised to 20 and Vaughan Kirk worked the ball around for 19 runs but it was a case of too much left to too few as Jordan Blades took the ball.
Blades removed four batsmen in a devastating eight overs.
He went for just two runs an over, with three maidens and he took four wickets to lead his side to a strong position.
To continue reading this story, click here to access our digital edition
Share this:
Tweet
Print
Email
RIYADH: Saudi police are hunting for arsonists who torched a woman's car, only a week after the kingdom lifted a decades-long ban on female motorists.
Salma al-Sherif, a 31-year-old cashier based near the holy city of Mecca, told local media that her car had been deliberately set alight this week by men "opposed to women drivers".
Advertisement
"The incident is being investigated by security officials," Mecca police said in a statement released late Tuesday by local authorities.
"We are searching for the culprits."
On Jun 24, women celebrated taking the wheel for the first time in decades as the ultra-conservative kingdom overturned the world's only ban on female drivers.
For decades, arch-conservatives justified the ban saying that allowing female motorists would promote gender mixing and promiscuity.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sherif said she faced abuse from men in her neighbourhood soon after she began driving in a bid to ease her financial pressures.
"Half of my salary of 4,000 riyals (US$1,067) was spent on a driver to take me to my workplace and drive my elderly parents," Sherif told the pro-government daily Okaz.
"But from the first day of driving I was subjected to insults from men."
Sherif received an outpouring of support from Saudis on social media, with many posting pictures of her burning vehicle and denouncing the attack as a "terrorist act".
Local reports did not say whether her car was insured.
Authorities have sought to show the driving reform had religious approval, with the kingdom's top clerical council emphasising the lifting of the ban was in line with Islamic values.
But many are still wary of a backlash from hardliners, amid a torrent of sexist comments against women drivers on social media.
Many women say they are staying off the streets, testing reactions in a society torn between conservatism and a modernisation drive launched by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
Some 120,000 women have applied for driving licences, according to an interior ministry spokesman, but it remains unclear how many have been issued.
For now, the women taking to the roads appear mainly to be those who have swapped foreign licences for Saudi ones.
As part of the continuing decline of the New York Times, we have this new op-ed by Steve Petrow, a writer from North Carolina who, the paper says, “is a regular contributor to Well” (the paper's health column). But this is more about woo than about health. Click the link below to read the piece.
Petrow's point is apparently twofold: curative “placebo” effects can result from the use of talismans, amulets, or comforting objects like plush rabbit toys. Further, he says, these objects can soothe one and even make one optimistic. I'm prepared to accept the second claim but not fully the first.
Petrow was apparently cured of testicular cancer when, 34 years ago, he was diagnosed and also given a “velvety rabbit with big floppy ears” named “Fairy God Bunny”. He brought the rabbit to all his appointments and, sure enough, has been cancer-free for decades. Of course, testicular cancer is one of the most curable forms of the disease, and I doubt that a fluffy bunny could have helped him with mesothelioma or pancreatic cancer. Still, to be fair, Petrow adds that conventional medicine is also responsible for his cure, but the rabbit played a substantial role:
You'd expect me to be skeptical. I'd grown up in an age of science, when facts and data reigned supreme. I'd excelled at Manhattan's Stuyvesant High School, famous for its geek curriculum. As a three-time visitor to the nearby 1964 World's Fair, a paean to new technology, I'd drunk DuPont's Kool-Aid: Better living through chemistry. When I first got sick, I read every evidence-based, peer-reviewed study I could get my hands on, so I could make the best-informed treatment decisions. My odds of survival were actually pretty decent, but I found that data wasn't enough. As a twentysomething, I simply couldn't accept any chance of not making it to 30. Put simply: Science could not guarantee me a 100 percent successful outcome.
Enter the bunny. I needed another tool in my tool belt to improve my chances. And I was not alone. Stuart Vyse, a psychologist and author of “Believing in Magic: The Psychology of Superstition,” told me that many people turn to “irrational beliefs” in times of dire need. Whenever medical science does not provide a cure, there's going to be a “psychological gap, the need of something better,” he said. Enter superstition, magic, paranormal beliefs and religion. “It's not uncommon to be of two minds and to say, ‘I know this is crazy, but I'll feel better if I do it anyway,'” Dr. Vyse said. This bit is confusing at best. Was the effect purely psychological, making Petrow feel better, or did it help cure the cancer? Both are implied. Five years after my diagnosis, my oncologist said I was cured. I believe science played the key role in that. But I also think the hope embodied in the bunny made a difference to my well-being, reducing anxiety and giving me more good days than bad. Can I prove it? No. Does that mean it's not true? No. As Dr. Kaptchuk told The New Yorker, “We need to stop pretending that it's all about molecular biology. Serious illnesses are affected by aesthetics, by art, and by the moral questions that are negotiated by practitioners and patients.” All ways of saying, by luck or magic. Sorry, but these things are neither luck nor magic: they are the effect of brain functions and their attendant physiological changes, on one's feeling of well being or even on the progress of a disease. Using “luck” or “magic” implies that the numinous was involved.
Now I doubt that the plush bunny “improved his chances” (how could he tell?), but it could surely have made him feel better, as Stuart Vyse notes. But feeling more positive and having a higher rate of cure are two different things (though well being might affect disease). Petrow sort of recognizes the distinction, but the two effects are not the same, and are conflated in the article. After all, it is one thing to document the effect of amulets and other placebo objects on feelings of well being, another altogether to show that they increase cure rates. Petrow cites a physician who claims the latter (my emphasis):
Do I sound like a kook? I don't think so, but no kook ever does. Dr. Ted Kaptchuk, a Harvard physician, told a New Yorker writer several years ago that he's always “believed there is an important component of medicine that involves suggestion, ritual and belief.” He added: “All ideas that make scientists scream.” Dr. Kaptchuk is the chief of Harvard's program in placebo studies and the therapeutic encounter, which is focused on studying the power of the mind to influence health outcomes. In that same interview, he noted that medicine has known for centuries that some people respond to the power of suggestion — but not why or how. During his tenure at Harvard, Dr. Kaptchuk wrote in an email, “I haven't been twiddling my thumbs.” He sent along a list of the more than a dozen studies he's either led or participated in that show how placebos, rituals, beliefs and talismans play a role, albeit “modest,” when compared with surgery and medication. When you're in a fight for your life, “modest” is something to hang on to.
I'll leave it to the readers to check out the list of Kaptchuk's studies to show if they're sound and, if so, how big that “modest” effect is. I'm prepared to believe that placebo effects can also increase cure rate, as we simply don't understand the interaction between mind and body, and some experiments I know of show they can work. For example, a 2013 article in the New England Journal of Medicine showed that “sham surgery” for a meniscus tear in the knee, in which patients were not really operated on but thought they were, had the same outcome as real knee surgery. That's remarkable. Here's how the sham surgery proceeded:
For the sham surgery, a standard arthroscopic partial meniscectomy was simulated. To mimic the sensations and sounds of a true arthroscopic partial meniscectomy, the surgeon asked for all instruments, manipulated the knee as if an arthroscopic partial meniscectomy was being performed, pushed a mechanized shaver (without the blade) firmly against the patella (outside the knee), and used suction. The patient was also kept in the operating room for the amount of time required to perform an actual arthroscopic partial meniscectomy.
So there's no harm in patients using amulets or plush bunnies to supplement their therapy. What is harmful is when these items are thought to be curative as well, especially if there are no controlled trials to show it. Remember that a Templeton-funded study of intercessory prayer on the outcomes of heart surgery, which surely involves a placebo effect since patients either knew they were prayed for or might be prayed for, showed no difference between those patients and those not prayed for. In that case, prayer was useless, though harmless (actually, prayer had a slight negative effect).
The downside of the Times article is that it doesn't point out the many failed experiments in which even placebo effects were not useful, and it implies that there is “magic”, which is not really what is going on here. If there is any psychological or even curative effect of amulets and lucky objects, it is purely natural, not “magic.” In fact, I'm not sure why the Times published this rather than a more sober and less personal analysis of what we know about placebo effects, which would have been far more interesting. And shame on them for implying that anything beyond natural phenomena were involved.
h/t: Michael
BANGKOK: A French tourist was bitten by a crocodile inside a Thai national park as she tried to get close to the fearsome animal to take a selfie, an official said on Monday (Jan 2).
The incident took place on Sunday afternoon in Khao Yai, a popular national park filled with dense jungle hiking trails and waterfalls three hours north of Bangkok.
"She wanted to take a selfie with the crocodile which was lying down near a stream," a park official told AFP, asking not to be named because he did not have the authority to speak to the media.
"It was startled and bit her on the leg."
The official said two crocodiles had made their home on that particular section of the park for years with warning signs laid out.
"I guess she wanted to see it for real," he added.
Local media posted pictures of park rangers dressed in camouflage carrying the 47-year-old victim strapped to a stretcher, a thick bandage wrapped around her knee.
Another shot showed a ranger pointing to a pool of blood close to a sign saying in Thai and English: "Danger Crocodile No Swimming".
The victim was taken to hospital for treatment and is expected to recover.
Siamese crocodiles were once ubiquitous across South East Asia but their populations have been decimated in the last century by hunting and habitat loss.
They are currently listed as critically endangered on the IUCN's red list.
In Thailand there are just a handful of wild populations left in central and western national parks.
Most tourists will only see them in crocodile parks, many of which have been criticised by animal rights groups for controversial feeding practices.
The Bodega Boys have a new merch offering, and it's a collaboration with Urban Outfitters.
Desus and Mero are on top of the world since their feud with The Breakfast Club‘s DJ Envy, and now they've got something bigger to brag about. All members of the Bodega Hive know just how hard it is to cop merchandise before it instantly sells out, but the Bronx duo just dropped a line of shirts with Urban Outfitters, now available on their website.
If you're looking to rock a new “Smacked City” tee or a hat with their lovable sidekick Juicebox the Bear, you wanna act quickly, because sizes are already selling out.
Some styles are already on back order until May, so run to get your helping of Bodega Boys merch here before it's too late.
Also On Magic 95.9:
As seniors for the Granite City boys track and field program, Torrey Deal and Will O'Keefe were leaders and key contributors in 2017.
Deal was the leading scorer for the program, while O'Keefe became the Warriors' lone all-state performer. The solid campaigns have earned the duo the Granite City AdVantage News Co-Boys Track and Field Athletes of the Year.
Deal's stellar season included high jump titles at 5 events, including the Class 3A Moline Sectional on May 18. He also won the triple jump at 4 events, most notably the loaded Norm Armstrong Invite at Belleville West on April 8.
Unfortunately for Deal, his season ended prematurely during the preliminaries of the Class 3A state meet on May 26 at O'Brien Stadium in Charleston. He failed to make the finals in either event.
“We knew coming into the season after playing football and the little bit I played basketball that my jumps had gotten up there, so myself and trainer Tate Merten sat down and looked up some stuff to help us get better,” Deal said. “Like the high jump, we knew I had the ups for it, it was just getting the approach down. We sat down and looked at multiple videos and went to the track after school, learned and found out what worked.”
Deal admitted he couldn't hang his hat on the prelim performance at state. His season had been more than that. It was just a bad day.
The 6 feet, 1 inch he jumped on Day 1 at state was a far cry from the 6-8 he leaped at sectionals and the 45-6 mark he hit in the triple jump didn't match the 46-1.5 he landed at the Southwestern Conference Meet, which he won.
“The thing with track is anyone any day can have a good day or a bad day,” Deal said. “It's something you really have to work at and perfect to have a good day every single time, so sectionals I went in and hadn't made it to state freshman, sophomore or junior year, so I knew this was the year I had to go. I felt like I had more confidence at sectionals. When we got to state the results weren't what we wanted, but it was still a good season so I didn't trip too much.”
High jump wins came at the SWC Meet, Collinsville Invite, Madison County Meet, Granite City Invite and Moline Sectional. His triple jump wins were at the SWC Meet, MadCo, Granite City Invite and Norm Armstrong.
Now he's narrowing down his list of suitors for college. His list includes McKendree University, SIUE and Illinois State.
While Deal's season didn't end the way he would have liked, O'Keefe went a different route, starting slow and finishing strong. His ninth place finish on May 27 in the 800-meter run (1:55.17) at the Class 3A state meet earned him all-state honors.
O'Keefe will be running at Southwest Baptist University, following the footsteps of his sister Natalie O'Keefe who excelled for the Bearcats.
“It's pretty unbelievable,” O'Keefe said. “Halfway through the season I didn't even know if I was going to go to state with how poorly I was running, much less make the final and get all-state. I just found my groove again towards the end and every race I was running faster and trusting everything. I hadn't shown myself in a race yet, but I could still get there.”
O'Keefe had good performances, including winning the 800 at the MadCo in 2:01.71 and finishing second at the SWC Meet (1:57.02) and the Granite City Invite (1:58.68), but he hadn't been happy with himself since the indoor season.
“I had a good race at Illinois Prep Top Times where I won the 800 (1:57.19) and then after that my outdoor 800s weren't very good.,” O'Keefe said. “My 800 at Belleville West (Norm Armstrong, 12th) was just awful and I jogged it in. That was something I dealt with in cross-country, just halfway through the race not trusting myself and everything going bad from there.”
His turning point came at the conference meet.
“I made a mental switch from I'm behind to I'm just going to race like I always have and do my own thing,” he said. “We got out slow, but then on the backstretch I passed Chris Conrad (O'Fallon) and I know he's faster than me. He ended up beating me, but it was the fastest I'd run this season and it was just the turning point and it gave me confidence.”
He saved his best 2 races for the end. He PRed in the prelims at 1:55.72 and then bested that with his 1:55.17 in the finals.
“I don't think I had the greatest race in the final, but I've never had a very fast last 150 meters,” said O'Keefe, who moved into third and hung on for the ninth place finish. “If I'd stayed back with the pack I probably wouldn't have gotten ninth or run as fast.
“It was just amazing to turn the corner during the season and get it done even when I wasn't sure if I was going to.”
Follow AdVantage News Sports on Facebook and #AdVsports on Twitter
BAGHDAD: Turkey could find itself in a quagmire if it deepens its involvement in Syria's multi-sided civil war, a U.S. senator said on Wednesday after meeting President Tayyip Erdoğan this week.
Lindsey Graham, a Republican member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, told Reuters on a visit to Baghdad that Turkey should support a continued U.S. presence in Syria.
Advertisement
Turkey has launched two military incursions into northern Syria in the last two years, driving back Kurdish YPG and Islamic State fighters.
Ankara is outraged by U.S. support for the YPG, considering the militia a terrorist organisation. It has threatened further operations against the militia across northern Syria, including in the town of Manbij where U.S. troops are stationed alongside YPG fighters.
"I tried to make the case that you want America in Syria because the outcomes of us leaving are not good," Graham said after meeting Erdoğan in Turkey on a regional tour that also included northern Syria and Iraq.
"You don't want any further incursions in Syria by the Turkish military, you'll get yourself in a quagmire," he added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Last month Washington and Ankara endorsed a tentative deal in which the YPG would withdraw from Manbij while Turkish and U.S. forces would jointly maintain security and stability. Turkey says its forces and the U.S. military are now carrying coordinated but separate patrols there.
Keeping YPG fighters east of the Euphrates river, about 20 km (12 miles) from Manbij, "should be sufficient", Graham said.
Turkish officials did not immediately respond to his comments.
(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein; editing by David Stamp)
SINGAPORE: The Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore (AVA) said the monkey situation at the Segar area in Bukit Panjang is a "public safety risk" after receiving about 160 reports of monkey attacks and nuisance in the area since October last year.
Two monkeys have been entering into homes at Segar, according to Member of Parliament for the Holland-Bukit Panjang Group Representation Constituency Liang Eng Hwa, and while one was caught in November last year, the other has been running free and becoming "more aggressive".
A resident, Ms Serene Lee, told Channel NewsAsia that the aggressive monkey has been climbing into houses and attacking people and that there have been at least four cases within a week.
Ms Lee added that her son, who is in Primary 6, was walking home from school with a friend two weeks ago when a monkey started chasing them from a distance. The children managed to run away, she said.
"We are all very worried about (the situation)," she added.
In a statement on Monday (Apr 17), AVA said monkeys may carry diseases public health, and those that are aggressive are also a risk to public safety.
An elderly man was hospitalised after being bitten by the wild monkey on Monday morning. Another resident, Ms Audrey Leong, posted a photo in a group for residents in the Segar Gardens estate showing what appeared to be blood on the floor near a bench. The man was sitting on the bench when he was attacked from behind by the primate, according to Ms Leong.
A resident said blood was seen near a bench in the Segar, Bukit Panjang area after an elderly man was attacked by a monkey. (Photo: Audrey Leong/Facebook)
The Singapore Civil Defence Force sent the elderly man to Ng Teng Fong General Hospital after it received a call for assistance at the void deck of Block 472 Segar Road at about 7.10am on Monday, it said.
AVA said it was aware of the incident and was investigating.
MONKEY CONTROL OPERATIONS UNDERWAY: AVA
Mr Liang said in a Facebook post on Monday that he had visited the injured man, whom he identified as "Mr Tan".
"Like everyone at Segar, I am very concerned about the lone monkey harassing and hurting our residents," he wrote.
Mr Liang said he had asked AVA to take "even stronger measures" to catch the monkey and that the authority has agreed to step up action.
The Holland-Bukit Panjang Town Council has also stepped up surveillance on monkey sightings and is working with AVA to catch the monkey, the Member of Parliament said, adding that he advised residents not to feed and provoke the monkey in the meantime.
After conducting surveillance in the area, AVA has also been conducting monkey control operations in the area, it said.
The agency is working with the Animal Concerns Research and Education Society (ACRES) to remove the monkey that is running free.
"Catching the monkeys can be challenging as they are very nimble. The many high-rise buildings in the area also make it easy for the monkeys to be out of reach by climbing up the blocks," it said.
AVA has also worked with the Town Council to prune trees and harvest fruits from trees in the estate to mitigate the situation, it added.
There are a lot of reasons to work out, including improving health, burning fat, gaining muscle, and just simply feeling better. Many of us have multiple goals at once, and luckily, a lot of these logically go hand-in-hand. Losing fat and gaining muscle, however, seem to be a little conflicting.
When you're trying to lose fat, you're trying to get rid of some of your body's mass; when you're gaining muscle, you're looking to do the opposite and build up your body. So it makes sense to wonder, can you really add muscle mass at the same time? Surprisingly, the answer is yes.
In fact, working on both goals at the same time will maximize your results—many of the same exercises that are good for burning fat are also great for building up muscles. And it's kind of a domino effect: When you have more muscle mass, your body requires more energy at rest (that is, burns more calories when you're not even moving).
But nailing fat loss and muscle gains in one fell swoop requires a strategic approach. Here's why: If you want to lose weight, you need to burn more calories than you consume. But when you restrict your calories, your body has to pull from existing energy stores in your body—fat, carbohydrate, and even protein—in order to function. As a result, you wind up losing fat, but unfortunately, you also lose muscle mass.
In fact, up to a whopping 25 percent of the weight that you lose from a low-calorie diet is in the form of hard-earned muscle, Michaela Devries-Aboud, Ph.D., assistant kinesiology professor at the University of Waterloo, tells us.
Yet, multiple studies and experts say that losing fat and gaining muscle simultaneously is totally doable. “It's difficult, but possible,” Stephen Ball, Ph.D., associate professor of nutritional science and exercise physiology at the University of Missouri, tells us.
To achieve both goals at once, you need to focus on two main things: protein and weightlifting.
First, let's talk protein, the macronutrient that's responsible for building muscle.
According to Devries-Aboud, our bodies are constantly building and breaking down muscle protein, the component of the muscle that's responsible for changing its size and shape. When you eat a protein-packed meal, the production of muscle protein speeds up. But as time elapses after your meal, the muscle-building process slows down and breakdown speeds up. “Over the course of days, weeks, and months the relative ratio of these two processes will determine whether you gain or lose muscle mass, or if the muscle mass stays the same,” Devries-Aboud says.
To keep your body in muscle protein-building mode while cutting calories, you have to adjust your protein intake. “When you cut calories below your requirement, your need for protein goes up,” Liz Applegate, Ph.D., senior lecturer in the department of nutrition and director of sports nutrition at the University of California, Davis, tells us. This is because a portion of the dietary protein is being used to meet your daily energy needs; consuming a slightly greater amount than what is required to meet your energy needs will ensure you have enough left over to sustain or even build muscle, she adds.
A recent study of 20 young men aimed to find out if increasing the amount of protein consumed in a reduced-calorie diet would have any effect on body composition when paired with intense exercise. Researchers divided subjects into two groups, and assigned one group to follow a higher-protein dieter than the other (2.4 grams per kilogram body weight per day versus 1.2). Meanwhile, both groups performed a combination of resistance and high-intensity interval training six days per week. By the end of four weeks, not only did the subjects in the higher-protein group lose more body fat than those in the lower-protein group, but they also managed to gain muscle, despite eating fewer calories than their bodies needed. The results were published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.
But before you go out and chug protein shakes, keep in mind: Multiple studies (like this one and this one) have shown that a very high protein intake (in one instance, up to 5.5 times the recommended daily allowance) doesn't lead to better results.
Instead, aim for roughly 20 grams of protein per meal, four times per day, says Applegate. It's important to distribute it throughout the day instead of cramming it all in at one meal so that your body can use it throughout the day. Research also suggests that this can enhance the muscle-building effects.
On strength training days, Applegate suggests having 20 to 25 grams of protein about 30 minutes after your workout. But if you can't swing that, don't worry—what's most important is getting enough protein throughout the day to fuel muscle building. (How much timing really matters is hotly debated in the nutrition world, but most dietitians suggest aiming for anywhere from 30 minutes to two hours post-workout to be sure you're refueling properly.)
For the rest of your meals, Darryn Willoughby, Ph.D., director of the exercise and biochemical nutrition laboratory and professor at Baylor University, recommends filling up with lean protein sources like chicken, turkey, and tilapia; fatty fish like salmon and tuna; dairy; and eggs.
As an added bonus, protein provides satiety, leading to feelings of fullness and reduced cravings, says Willoughby. This is especially helpful when your ultimate goal is to lose weight and you have a limited number of calories to work with.
Now, let's talk about the second piece of the lose-weight/gain-muscle puzzle: strength training. If you want to build muscle on top of burning fat, you need to incorporate resistance exercises into your routine.
When you lift weights, you cause damage to your muscle fibers, which prompts the muscle to call for surrounding satellite cells (the cells involved in growing and repairing skeletal muscle) to help repair or replace those damaged fibers, making your muscles grow. In addition, strength training increases the production of muscle protein for up to 48 hours, according to Devries-Aboud. “As long as the rate of muscle synthesis is greater than the breakdown, you will build muscle,” says Ball.
If you want to see the best fat-burning, muscle-building results from your strength routine, exercise physiologist Michelle Lovitt, M.A., recommends taking advantage of heart rate–based training. You want to bounce between 60 and 85 percent of your maximum heart rate throughout your strength-training session, which will ensure that you burn more fat instead of glycogen, the carbohydrates our bodies store to use as quick energy. (You'll still burn some glycogen, but the proportion changes so that you're using more fat than you would with higher intensity exercise.)
Many high-intensity workouts bring you above your anaerobic threshold, which is approximately 85 percent of your maximum heart rate. And when you push past 85 percent, your body starts fueling using mostly carbohydrates. “So you're burning calories, but those calories aren't necessarily coming from body fat,” Lovitt says. This spares the fat and often leaves you craving carbs later in the day.
Hit the gym three or four days per week, moving right from a set of a lower-body or multi-joint strength exercises like the squat, which requires greater energy expenditure and jacks up the heart rate (because you're employing multiple muscle groups at once), into an upper-body or single-joint exercise like a seated row to bring the heart rate back down. Continue alternating between multi-joint and single-joint exercises throughout your workout.
“If you do it properly, you'll get a cardio workout at the same time,” Lovitt says. The key is to keep your heart rate between 60 and 85 percent of your maximum. (To find your maximum heart rate, subtract your age from 220, then multiply that number by 0.17.)
Keep in mind, these results don't happen overnight. It takes time—several months, if not more—to significantly change your body, and you need to be consistent with your strength training and diet to get the results you want. Even then, some people will naturally see results faster than others simply because of genetics, lifestyle, or a whole host of other factors. If you're having trouble reaching your goals, it might be a good idea to work with a nutritionist and a personal trainer to troubleshoot and create a plan that's customized for you. And always remember: Your happiness and health are more important than what your body looks like. Make sure your goals are realistic for you, and enjoy the process.
This article originally appeared on Self.com
It's a chilly winter day as Carla Dove loads up her Subaru Impreza with 25 or so taxidermied owls, ravens, hawks, ducks and other birds, for a short trip out to the Smithsonian's Museum Support Center (MCS) in Suitland, Maryland.
Dove, along with Marcy Heacker, a colleague from the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History's Feather Identification Lab, is going to meet two anthropologists, who need her help in figuring out what kinds of bird feathers have been used to decorate a variety of Native American artifacts.
When Dove gets to the anthropology lab on the MSC's second floor, she finds an array of headdresses, deerskin skirts and leggings, bow and arrow cases and other articles of clothing neatly laid out on a long white laminate-topped workbench.
The items were collected by John Wesley Powell in the 1860s to 1880 while he was mapping and exploring the Colorado River and the Grand Canyon region. Many had appeared on Indians in photographs by Powell's assistant Jack Hillers, who was one of the first to photographically document Native Americans, decades before the controversial but widely recognized photographer Edward S. Curtis. (Both were known to occasionally stage the Indians in activities and clothing later deemed to be inaccurate and/or historically inauthentic.)
The Smithsonian first took an interest in Powell in 1868. It was then, according to Powell biographer Donald Worster, that the Smithsonian's first secretary Joseph Henry determined that there was both practical and scientific good to be gained from Powell's expeditions. Henry argued in support of Powell's request for funding from General Ulysses S. Grant, who was head of the War Department. Thus began a long relationship that would be fruitful for both Powell and the Smithsonian.
Examining the Powell collection is an exciting opportunity for the aptonymic Dove, a forensic ornithologist who runs the Feather Identification Lab and spends her time analyzing the remains of birds that have had the misfortune to fly into the path of an aircraft. She takes the blood and tissue remains—she calls it “snarge”—and using DNA, identifies the species of bird. With that information, civilian and military aircraft operations can mitigate future bird strikes with minor adjustments to avoid the birds. But Dove is also adept at identifying birds by the patterns and shapes of their feathers. Working on the Powell artifacts helps her to hone those identification skills, she says. And, it doesn't hurt that she's a self-identified “John Wesley Powell nut.”
Candace Greene, a Smithsonian anthropologist specializing in North American Native art and culture, and Fred Reuss, an assistant in Greene's department at the Natural History Museum, are equally enthusiastic about what Greene calls a particularly innovative collaboration.
It's uncommon “to be able to revisit old collections to systematically enhance the catalog record with information on the materials used,” says Greene, noting the vast and almost incalculable size of the Institution's collections.
The Powell collection hasn't received a fresh investigation for decades and she and Reuss suspect that many of the earlier 19th-century identifications—including tribal affiliations and the types of animals or birds used—are simply incorrect.
The collection—which also includes baskets, seeds, weapons, tools, and other accoutrements of tribal life—has never been on display. The artifacts reside in drawers inside several dozen of the thousands of beige metal cabinets housed at the Smithsonian's cavernous, climate-controlled Museum Support Center. A Wonder into the MSC's storage area is dizzying—not just because of the rows of cabinets, known as “the pods,” that seemingly stretch to infinity, but due to the off-gassing of trace amounts of arsenic once used to preserve many museum specimens.
For scientists and Native Americans, the collection—which is available to be viewed online—offers a raft of information. Tribes can recover lost knowledge of traditional ways and their history. Biologists can use the flora and fauna to gauge climate change, environmental change and species adaptation.
The collection is also essential to the history of the Native American culture of the Great Basin (which includes the Colorado plateau) and the history of anthropology in the U.S., says Kay Fowler, emerita professor of anthropology at the University of Nevada, Reno and an expert on Great Basin cultures. “It was the founding collection for the Southwest,” says Fowler.
Powell is considered a pioneer in American anthropology, says Don Fowler, Kay's husband, who is also emeritus at UN Reno. Noting that Powell established the Bureau of Ethnology at the Smithsonian, Fowler says, “That puts him in the premier spot, or one of the premier spots as a founder of American anthropology,” he says.
It seems astounding, but the Fowlers were the first to try to fully catalog and describe Powell's artifacts—and that was in the late 1960s, when Don Fowler arrived at the Smithsonian as a post-doctoral researcher. Kay Fowler, who also was at the Smithsonian, recovered Powell's manuscripts from 1867-1880 at the ethnology bureau, and the two then collated, annotated and published them in 1971. During that process, they discovered the artifacts in the attic of the National Museum of Natural History, says Don.
He and John F. Matley then catalogued the collection—to the best of their ability—in Material Culture of the Numa, published in 1979. Powell called the hundred or so tribes he encountered in the Canyon Country and Great Basin area “Numa” because their dialectics shared common roots with Numic, a branch of the Uto-Aztecan language, according to Worster, the Powell biographer.
Now, Dove, Greene, Reuss and other scientists at the Smithsonian hope to combine their expertise to bring further accuracy to the descriptions of the items in the catalog.
The beginning of American anthropology
John Wesley Powell is perhaps best known as having been the first white man to successfully navigate the Colorado River from start to finish, mapping the river and the region, including the Grand Canyon, in the process. But there was so much more. Raised by devout Methodist immigrants from the British Isles (who named their son for church founder John Wesley), Powell wanted more than the agrarian future his parents envisioned for him.
He spent his childhood and teenage years alternating between farm life in the Midwest and pursuing an education—especially in the natural sciences. Like so many thousands of men of his age, Powell went off to war to defend the Union, losing the lower part of his arm at the Battle of Shiloh in 1862—which gave rise to his Paiute nickname Kapurats, “he who is missing an arm.” After the Civil War ended, he returned to his studies and to teaching. But a wanderlust and his passionate curiosity drove him. He could not stay put.
“In the decades following the war Powell became one of the country's leading experts on the West—its topography, geology, and climate, as well as indigenous peoples,” writes Worster, in A River Running West, The Life of John Wesley Powell.
With U.S. government funding, Powell was among the first to document the practices, language and culture of Native Americans who lived in the Canyon Country and Great Basin areas. His acute interest in Native American culture was driven in part by the knowledge “that these cultures were threatened with extinction and were rapidly changing,” says Reuss.
But he was conflicted. Powell knew the Indians he befriended and documented “were terrified by what was happening around them,” writes Worster. “They needed a friend to help them make a transition. Powell saw himself as such a friend but one whose job it was to bring bad news where necessary and insist that the Indians accept and adapt.”
Powell was a man of his times and viewed Indians as “savages,” in need of assimilation and civilization, but his careful documentation of the languages, traditions, religious beliefs, and customs of the Paiutes, Utes, Shoshone and other area tribes was unprecedented.
By the time Powell encountered the Indians in 1868, say the Fowlers, the tribes had had only intermittent contact with whites over the past century. But their cultural practices were rapidly changing. “Steel and iron began replacing chipped stone for tools; pots and pans were replacing baskets and some pottery vessels; and castoff whitemen's clothes were being substituted for bark skirts and rabbit-skin robes,” write the Fowlers in John Wesley Powell and the Anthropology of the Canyon Country.
But Powell made sure that those artifacts and languages and customs were not completely lost. Not only did he document them, but he gathered what he could for repository. Just one meeting alone in late 1872 with several bands of Paiutes resulted in a shipment of 20 cases of material to the Smithsonian, according to Worster.
When Powell stopped collecting and went back to Washington, D.C.—which he had made his home by 1873—he did not have time to sift through and study his Native American artifacts. His western surveys and stereopticon photographs, including of the canyons and Native Americans—which he and his brother sold to the general public—had made him famous and brought him considerable renown as a scientist.
Powell was the face of the West, a man who had achieved on multiple platforms, delivering valuable topographic, geologic and hydrologic information to expansion-minded politicians. He was rewarded in Washington fashion—with a top federal post. With money from his government backers, in 1879 he began the Bureau of Ethnology. In 1881, while still running the Bureau, he took on the added responsibility of chief of the U.S. Geological Survey, which had also been established in 1879, primarily as a result of his expeditions. Powell remained director of the Bureau (later the Bureau of American Ethnology) until his death in 1902.
Feathers tell a story
By the time Don and Kay Fowler got to the Smithsonian, the Powell collection was disorganized, they say. Now, being able to draw on modern science and studies of Native culture that have been conducted since the 70s, the Smithsonian scientists should be able to improve the collection's identifications, says Kay Fowler.
The bird feathers attached to various artifacts are of interest, as they can give anthropologists further insight into customs and trade. Feathers that might seem out of place might not be. “We tend not to think of indigenous people as trading very widely, but they did,” says Kay Fowler.
“Then there are the studies that were not envisioned by John Wesley Powell when he was collecting,” says Green, such as climate change and species adaptation.
Birds are integral to Native American culture—they are connected to the spiritual because of their ability to move throughout the earthly and heavenly (sky) realms, says Greene. Thus their feathers, attached to clothing or other items can impart particular meaning, she says. Tribal use of certain feathers can also reflect which birds were dominant in a given area.
Much was already known about the birds used in the Powell collection, but some of the artifacts had little-to-no information recorded about the bird or mammal materials employed. That led to the call to Carla Dove and the Feather Identification Lab.
Dove had an inkling of what she'd be looking at that day at the Museum Support Center, as she'd previously toured the Powell collection briefly with Greene and Reuss and made notes and took photos. When she came back, she was armed with her study specimens, like taxidermied red-tailed hawks and Swainson's hawks and others that could validate identifications she'd made mentally, but needed to confirm with a visual feather-to-feather comparison.
She did not anticipate needing to use microscopic or DNA-based technology to come up with identifications. Sometimes, all Dove needs to see is the very tip of a feather or a disembodied beak to identify a species. But some artifacts proved to be more of a challenge.
One fringed deerskin dress was adorned on the back yoke with several bird heads, with a clutch of feathers attached to each. Using a specimen she'd brought, Dove quickly identified the heads—which had curved, pointed black beaks—as those of a particular brown-feathered woodpecker. But she was uncertain about the blue feathers, which clearly had not originally accompanied the heads. Eventually she settled on bluebird, marveling at the dressmaker's artistic choice.
The Fowler catalog identified the dress as being made by the Goose Creek band of Shoshone, but there was nothing about the birds. “The only materials that are listed in the catalog are dressed skin and horn or hard keratin,” says Reuss. “This gives you a sense of why identifying the birds might be helpful to somebody, some future researcher, because there's really no other data to go by,” he says.
At the end of the day, Dove and Heacker examined 45 items from the collection, charting 92 identifications. Of those, 66 identifications were corrections of what had previously been noted in the catalog. Five of the items had never been studied for bird species identifications, so those were newly added to the catalog.
Twenty-four different species of birds were included, ranging from the Western Bluebird to the Golden Eagle, says Dove. “The birds were obviously not selected at random, and it appears that eagle and hawk were preferred species, but woodpeckers and grouse were also present,” she says. “The amazing thing that I noticed when we had the items and the birds together on the table was the overall color theme—it all looked so natural with the browns, buffs and oranges.”
Greene says the collaboration has been a huge success so far. “We've already learned that species use is highly selective on these objects, with some types of birds favored over others,” she says. “We also see that species use is much richer than has been reported in the literature, revealing relationships between native people of the Great Basin and elements of their environment that are recorded only in these objects,” she says.
That's fertile territory for researchers, which is why the scientists are doing so much of the leg work—to make the collections ready for anyone to start down their own avenue of inquiry. By making the collection “research ready,” it will help scientists get answers faster. “They can't all be bird experts,” Greene says.
BOSTON — Sometimes big money spent in the off season leads to big results, a message apparently lost on those who control the Rogers Communications purse strings.
In baseball, especially, money often translates to winning, especially in a division where you slug or you lose.
So we bring you the mighty Red Sox who certainly showed they were serious about winning in February when they shelled out US$110 million to sign J.D. Martinez to a five-year deal. And the dividends keep collecting.
The big-hitting Martinez blasted a two-run homer over the Green Monster and out of the park on Wednesday to break a 2-2 tie and help send the Sox on their way to a 6-4 win and three-game series sweep.
It was the 18th homer of the season for Martinez and fourth in eight games against the Jays. And we best get used to seeing much more of it over the next five years, a prospect that will be even more painful if the Jays brass continues to resist big-game hunting.
Of course what was on display this week at fabulous Fenway Park only adds to the frustration of what Jays fans are seeing right now. Where for whatever reason general manager Ross Atkins was forced to focus on reclamation projects and bargain basement buys in the free agency market, the Jays' two main rivals continued to load up.
For the Yankees, it was Giancarlo Stanton and for the Red Sox, Martinez. Perhaps they believe Vladimir Guerrero Jr. will be the answer one day, but in the interim you can bet there will be more series like this.
The Red Sox, noting and regretting that home runs were down dramatically in their first year without Big Papi David Ortiz, rectified it by opening the wallet for Martinez.
Meanwhile, the sweep was bad enough for the Jays, in that it ended one of the worst months in team history. For the first time since 1979 they did not win back-to-back games in one month.
As one team official pointed out prior to the game, there is no comparison between the two lineups that were on the field in this series. It's men against boys as the Sox have rolled to a 39-17 record while the Jays slipped to 25-31.
Context? In last year's disaster of a season, Toronto was just one game below .500 (26-27) at this point.
To their credit though, the Jays made a game of it in the ninth when a red-hot Kendrys Morales doubled with the bases loaded to score a pair of runs and close the gap to 6-4. With runners on second and third and none out, Devon Travis grounded out, Curtis Granderson struck out and pinch-hitter Russell Martin grounded out to end it.
But back to Martinez and the long-term gloom that awaits for AL East bottom dwellers.
He's certainly a big reason the Sox lead the majors in runs scored, at 201. And as the weather warms, the 30-year-old veteran continues to heat up as well. He's belted nine homers in his last 16 games and for that is well embraced by the Fenway faithful.
The type of homer he hit on Wednesday will be delighting Red Sox fans for years to come and will continue one of sport's greatest rivalries vs. the Yankees. The Jays, meanwhile, will play 38 games combined against the two each season and somehow seek to be wildcard contenders.
The disparity is already evident this season as the Sox have won seven of their past eight against the Jays and all three series to date. Boston's MLB-best record has been enhanced with wins in nine of their past 11.
And they polished off the sweep on Wednesday with three starters either out of the lineup or resting. For the three games here, the Sox outscored the Jays 22-10.
The Jays weren't particularly awful on Wednesday, just clearly not in the same league as their loaded opponent. Sam Gaviglio provided his third consecutive decent start, allowing seven hits over six innings, but was undone by homers to Martinez and Eduardo Nunez.
The Jays brief burst of offence came off the bat of struggling Teoscar Hernandez, who hit a two-run shot in the top of the sixth to briefly tie the game at 2-2.
The Jays now have a 13-14 record on the road to go with the 12-17 mark at the Rogers Centre. They'll get a day off Thursday before finishing this nine-game, 10-day road trip with a three-game set in Detroit on Friday.
The Jays lineup is clearly hampered by injuries and some dodgy starting pitching but the disparity between the good teams is tough to ignore.
If there's a bright note — and you have to reach for it — at least the miserable month of May is behind them.
Unfortunately it left a rather ugly mark.
rlongley@postmedia.com
twitter.com/longleysunsport
With Star Wars: The Last Jedi coming out in a week, there have been multiple television spots promoting the movie and urging viewers to see the movie. The TV spot that I'll be looking at is called Tempt.
In the TV spot, it shows Luke instructing Rey about how to reach out with the force. It then shows different things that she sees, such as a fox on Crait and one of the space battles. Rey then says that she sees light, darkness, and something else. This leads the trailer to show Supreme Leader Snoke when Luke then yells at Rey to resist it.
The Last Jedi is in Theaters on Dec. 15.
Hideki Matsuyama announced on Monday that he has been married since January and is now a father, news which caught Japanese media and fans by surprise.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina: Hideki Matsuyama announced on Monday that he has been married since January and is now a father, news which caught Japanese media and fans by surprise.
Though numerous Japanese reporters follow Matsuyama every second of the day that he spends on a golf course, the world number two was able to keep his nuptials and fatherhood under wraps for months.
He said in a statement his child, a girl, was born in July, but did not reveal details of the identity of his wife.
Matsuyama announced the news only hours after falling short in his quest to become the first Japanese man to win a major championship.
Leading with nine holes to play at the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow on Sunday, he had three consecutive bogeys on the back nine and finished equal fifth behind winner Justin Thomas.
Matsuyama, 25, is one of the most popular sports figures in Japan.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Andrew Both; Editing by Ken Ferris)
The hunt is on for a man who sexually assaulted a woman at a building in the city's Financial District then took off in a cab.
Toronto Police say the victim, 49, was on the concourse level of a building near King St. W. and York St. when the sex attack occurred around 11:45 p.m. on Thursday.
“A man sexually assaulted her and fled in a taxi,” Const. Caroline de Kloet said Saturday.
Investigators have released an image of a suspect, captured by a taxi's security camera, in the hopes members of the public recognize the unidentified man and come forward.
The suspect is described as 20 to 30 years old, about 5-foot-7, 175 pounds, with short black hair and was carrying a dark-coloured knapsack.
Anyone with information regarding the man's identity or whereabouts is urged to call police at 416-808-7474 or Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-TIPS (8477).
cdoucette@postmedia.com
Rapper Kendrick Lamar reclaimed the top spot of the weekly U.s Billboard 200 album chart on Monday, fending off country music star Brett Eldredge.
LOS ANGELES: Rapper Kendrick Lamar reclaimed the top spot of the weekly U.s Billboard 200 album chart on Monday, fending off country music star Brett Eldredge.
Lamar's "Damn." climbed from No. 2 to No. 1 with 47,000 album units sold, according to figures from Nielsen SoundScan. Streaming accounted for much of the sales activity, with more than 46 million streams in the past week.
Eldredge's self-titled album debuted at No. 2 with 45,000 album units sold.
The Billboard 200 chart tallies units from album sales, song sales (10 songs equal one album) and streaming activity (1,500 streams equal one album).
The only other new entry in the top 10 of the Billboard 200 chart this week was the "Now 63" compilation of current pop hits at No. 5.
Last week's chart-topper, Arcade Fire's "Everything Now," dropped to No. 38 this week.
Advertisement
Advertisement
On the Digital Songs chart, which measures online single sales, Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi's catchy hit "Despacito," featuring Justin Bieber, showed no signs off moving from No. 1, with another 82,000 copies sold.
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
When the Boston Bruins took on the Nashville Predators in their season opener, there was a noticeable difference in the way they performed compared to their play a season ago. The high-pace, up-tempo game was exciting to watch and was a result of Bruce Cassidy getting to implement his strategy from day one. Despite missing Patrice Bergeron, David Backes and Torey Krug due to injuries, it was clear that the team wasn't going to let up at any point in the game, thanks in large part to the trio of rookies in the Bruins' lineup in Charlie McAvoy, Anders Bjork and Jake DeBrusk who all made their NHL debuts Thursday.
It isn't uncommon for NHL teams to start a few rookies in their lineup on opening day. Teams like to give training camp and preseason standouts their opportunity to compete and get their feet wet in the league. For the 2017-18 Bruins, however, that's far from the situation that the team is dealing with. Instead, the Bruins have a plethora of young talent that are ready to step into the lineup. Rather than just filling a hole on the roster, the Bruins want their rookies to make an impact. This is evidenced by the fact that Bjork is starting on the team's top line, DeBrusk on the team's second line and McAvoy on the Bruins' second pairing. While the expectations are high for all three rookies, it would be hard to predict that all three would have had such a huge impact just one game into their careers.
Rather than just filling a hole on the roster, the Bruins want their rookies to make an impact. This is evidenced by the fact that Bjork is starting on the team's top line, DeBrusk on the team's second line and McAvoy on the Bruins' second pairing. While the expectations are high for all three rookies, it would be hard to predict that all three would have had such a huge impact just one game into their careers.
In what has now become a tradition here on The Hockey Writers, a group of Bruins' writers got together to discuss the rookies and even look at picking out which one had the best debut of the three. Joining in the discussion was Drew Johnson, Joe Ochs, Chris Gere and Brandon Share-Cohen.
Drew Johnson:
The Boston Bruins kicked off the season on Thursday by kicking down the doors of the 2017 Campbell Bowl-winning Nashville Predators. Making their NHL regular season debuts were Notre Dame alumn Bjork, Boston University alumn McAvoy, and DeBrusk who tallied 49 points in 74 games with the Providence Bruins last season.
Taking a Closer Look at the Trio
McAvoy had the most impressive debut out of the three rookies, scoring the first goal of his NHL career as well as assisting David Pastrnak's power-play goal. In a 4-3 win, McAvoy made a direct contribution to 50% of Boston's goals against Nashville. Beyond that, McAvoy showed that he is capable of filling Krug's skates while he is injured with a fractured jaw. He captained the Bruins' power play and showed the tenacity of a top-two defenseman.
DeBrusk had the most gut-wrenching performance of the night. He also contributed to 50% of Boston's production, notching a goal and an assist in front of his family who were in attendance. His father, Louie DeBrusk, who accumulated 1,161 penalty minutes through 401 NHL games, was seen shedding tears of joy after Jake's first NHL goal.
Bjork assisted DeBrusk's goal en route to a plus-two rating in his first NHL game. It wasn't a bad night for the rookie seeing as though his designated center throughout the preseason, Bergeron, was out with an injury. He took the spotlight and displayed his speed and agility, making swift cuts. Though he didn't score his first NHL goal like the two above, Bjork did a nice job making opposing defensemen look like pylons, and that isn't a bad first step.
In the end, McAvoy impressed me the most, simply because the expectations have been so high all offseason and for him to deliver on night one is fantastic. In all three zones, McAvoy seemed almost a step ahead on every shift, especially when he hammered home David Krejci's pass to the high slot. You might as well call the Power play his bread and butter as he excelled there as well.
Joe Ochs:
In a night full of great debuts from Boston's young guns, DeBrusk's, in particular, stood out to me the most. In 14 minutes of ice time, he played precisely the kind of simple, mistake-free hockey the Bruins envisioned when penciling him into the top-six.
His first NHL goal was the culmination of exemplary hustle to beat a backchecking Kevin Fiala to the net prior to a deft and nifty finish. In picking up the secondary assist on McAvoy's first career goal it was his net drive (get used to that) which pulled both Roman Josi and Matt Irwin to the net with him, leaving both McAvoy and Bjork wide open at the top of the slot. Moreover, following two goaltender interference penalties in the preseason, DeBrusk had the presence of mind to stop just outside the blue point, showcasing his awareness and coachability.
This kid's compete level is through the roof.
McAvoy looked dynamic with the puck and scored the first two regular-season points of his career. But he had a somewhat uneven contest, which is probably going to get lost in the shuffle of his box score. He was caught flat-footed on several occasions, taking three separate minor penalties on the evening. Mistakes like these are to be expected, and by no means would I suggest this somehow negates the “good” from his game. But considering the expectations heaped on him, the glimpses into his game during last season's playoffs and the flawless performance from DeBrusk I would have to say that it was DeBrusk, not McAvoy who had the most impressive debut.
Chris Gere:
While Bjork really stood out in the preseason, DeBrusk was the one who stood out to me in his debut. He showed his ability to use his speed and strength to gain position on multiple occasions. He wasn't afraid to go to the front of the net, and it paid off in the form of a highlight-worthy goal.
At the risk of judging on a minuscule sample size, DeBrusk looks to be everything the Bruins could have hoped for in a rookie on the second-line. I'm sure he'll have his fair share of struggles (almost all rookies do), but he looked right at home flanking Krejci.
As for Bjork, his night was fairly quiet. Nothing particular about his debut stood out, but that's okay. He looked solid and limited his mistakes, which is all you can really ask for from an inexperienced player. Expect his productivity to increase drastically upon Bergeron's return.
McAvoy Proving He'll Be a Star
McAvoy's NHL regular season debut was somewhat rocky. Just looking at the stat sheet might have you believe that he played a great game. It was great on the offensive end, but as a defenseman, that's not the entirety of his job description. He looked bad at times in his own zone. Nashville forwards exploited him with regularity, blowing past him and drawing penalties. It's a part of his game that he'll really need to iron out if he wants to develop into a number one blue-liner.
That said, McAvoy looked electric in the offensive zone and on the power play. His goal showed uncommon offensive skill for a defenseman. His assist showed creativity and improvisation on a broken cycle with Pastrnak at the top of the zone. He's every bit the exciting player we've been expecting, just with a couple errors, he'll look to correct.
Brandon Share-Cohen
As Joe Mentioned, McAvoy looked really good throughout most of his 22 minutes of ice time. Still, he made a few mistakes and when trying to make up for them, took a few minor penalties that put his team in a tough position. It's going to happen to the best players on every team throughout the year and it's to be expected from rookies, so it's safe to say McAvoy's potential to win the Calder Trophy this season wasn't hurt by his debut game. Scoring his first goal and recording his first multi-point game in his NHL regular season debut help in that regard as well. Still, McAvoy didn't have the best debut of the three.
Out of the two rookie forwards on the team, Bjork and DeBrusk both did a lot of good in their debuts. Bjork showed the strong vision, smooth skating and nifty stickwork that made him such a force at Notre Dame while recording his first career point and coming close to his first career goal – a one-timer that was stolen by McAvoy, which led to the blueliners first career goal. If those two are going to compete and both be in position to score goals throughout their careers, they'll both be more than okay.
DeBrusk Making His Mark
As for DeBrusk, however, his game translated exceptionally well in his first game. A combination of his strong work on the puck and ability to get to the net as well as a rejuvenated Krejci with a newly-signed Pastrnak on his line, DeBrusk looked like a legitimate NHL player throughout the entire game. The result? A beautiful goal and an assist for his first multi-point game coming in his debut as well.
DeBrusk was probably the best of the three Bruins' rookies in their debut, but the fact that they all played so well is reason enough to be happy regardless of who's game was better. It won't always be this pretty, and the three will likely struggle at various points throughout the season, but as long as Cassidy gives them the chance to recover and redeem themselves, things will undoubtedly sort themselves out.
After the discussion, the two biggest standouts on the night of the three players were DeBrusk and McAvoy with two writers siding with the forward and two with the blueliner. It's a good debate from the Bruins' perspective as it means both players left a lasting impact (as did Bjork). All three will get a chance to impress in the Bruins' second game of the season and their home opener against the Colorado Avalanche,
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Next Digital Ltd:
* ‍REFERS TO PROPOSED DISPOSAL OF CERTAIN MAGAZINE BUSINESSES OF COMPANY​
* ‍SELLERS STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED FUNDS WHICH BUYER HAS PROMISED TO PAY IN ORDER FOR SAFE-HARBOUR COMPLETION TO TAKE PLACE​
* ‍SELLERS WILL TREAT BUYER‘S FAILURE TO PAY AS ITS TERMINATION OF TRANSACTION​
* ‍APPLICATION MADE TO STOCK EXCHANGE FOR RESUMPTION OF TRADING IN SHARES OF CO ON STOCK EXCHANGE WITH EFFECT FROM 9:00 A.M. ON 5 FEB 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
This statement was originally published on ipcng.org on 28 September 2017.
As the global community marks the "International Day for Universal Access to Information" (IDUAI), today, the International Press Centre (IPC), Lagos-Nigeria has announced the launch of "The Nigerian Journalists Internet Rights Initiative (NJIRI)".
The Director of IPC, Mr. Lanre Arogundade, said the main objectives of the NJIRI are to defend Internet and digital rights as well as the safety of journalists online.
Mr. Arogundade explained further that the one-year campaign will aim to advance the right of freedom of expression for online journalists in Nigeria based on the premise that internet spaces and online platforms should be safe and free of institutional limitations for journalists and other media practitioners to use as mediums of information and engagement.
Mr. Arogundade said it was imperative to demand the safety of journalists online on the occasion of the #AccessToInfoDay given the worrisome trend of indiscriminate attacks on journalists, bloggers and others.
He said these objectives accord with principles of #AccessToInfoDay given its relevance to the new 2030 Development Agenda, and in particular the Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) target 16.10 which calls for ensuring public access to information and protection of fundamental freedoms.
NJIIRI is being supported by International Freedom of Exchange (IFEX), international freedom of expression organization headquartered in Toronto, Canada. It is expected that through the project, the right to freedom of expression for online journalism in Nigeria is respected, protected and guaranteed within the medium and long term.
As part of the project a research report titled Issues in frameworks, freedom of expression and Internet rights in Nigeria: A baseline research by the Nigerian Journalists Internet Rights Initiative (NJIRI) has been commissioned and is being reviewed following which there will be a public presentation and dissemination to stakeholder groups in the freedom of expression community.
It is also envisaged that the research report would play a critical role in the NJIRI campaign as it shall serve as referral document for engagement with statutory bodies and related stakeholders groups under the NJIRI.
The IPC project recognizes that Universal access is central to the UN's World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS), which recognized the ambition of developing inclusive Knowledge Societies. "Accessibility" is also recognized as one of the four principles in UNESCO's ROAM model of Internet Universality.
Universal access to information is bound up with the right to seek and receive information, which is an integral part of the right to freedom of expression. It is covered by Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Article 19 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday that welfare and social spending must take precedence over the increased military expenditure demanded by U.S. President Donald Trump.
BERLIN: German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday that welfare and social spending must take precedence over the increased military expenditure demanded by U.S. President Donald Trump.
The conservative leader's Social Democratic (SPD) rivals in an election on Sept. 24 have accused her of bowing to the U.S. administration's demand that Germany meet NATO's spending target of 2 percent of national output on defence.
The SPD, who lag Merkel's Christian Democrats in the polls by some 15 percentage points, said Germany would have to nearly double current defence spending from 37 billion euros (US$43.65 billion) to meet the NATO target.
Merkel's ruling coalition, which includes the SPD as junior partner, has approved defence spending hikes that fall short of the NATO target.
(US$1 = 0.8477 euros)
(Reporting by Andreas Rinke; Writing by Joseph Nasr, editing by Thomas Escritt)
Advertisement
The Santa Monica City Council on Tuesday tentatively approved the nation's most extensive seismic retrofitting effort, which could require safety improvements to as many as 2,000 earthquake-vulnerable buildings.
The vote was unanimous.
Santa Monica's safety rules would go beyond what Los Angeles has done by requiring not only wood-frame apartments and concrete buildings to be retrofitted, but also steel-frame structures.
The ordinance would require the owners of more than 2,000 buildings identified by the city to conduct a seismic evaluation, and, if needed, have the buildings retrofitted.
For the ordinance to be approved, the City Council will need to pass the law a second time in the next month. If the measure receives that affirmation, the proposal will become law 30 days later.
In an interview before Tuesday's council vote, seismologist Lucy Jones said it was remarkable to see how the political winds have changed for elected officials to enthusiastically support strengthening buildings.
“It's great for Santa Monica — they're going to have safer buildings. It is also hopefully start of a wave,” said Jones, who is working with the Southern California Assn. of Governments to educate local governments about seismic retrofits.
“There are dozens of cities curious at looking at this,” she said. “People are starting to recognize how necessary this is.”
Check if your building is on Santa Monica's earthquake study list
Hover over the dots to see the address and the suspected type of building. Plug in a full address — such as 123 Spring Street, Santa Monica, CA — to zoom in on this map. Under a proposed law, structures listed would be required to undergo a seismic evaluation and a retrofit if necessary.
Other cities are also looking to strengthen their seismic safety laws. West Hollywood and Beverly Hills are both considering mandatory retrofit laws, and elected leaders are now casting the issue as not one of cost, but of public safety.
“When somebody walks into a building in the city of Beverly Hills, no matter when they're there, I want them to feel totally safe,” Councilwoman Nancy Krasne said at a meeting last year. “I think everyone needs to feel safe when they go to sleep.”
The city of Los Angeles passed its own tough earthquake retrofit law in 2015, which could require as many as 15,000 buildings to be retrofitted. Los Angeles officials have already identified about 13,500 apartment buildings that officials suspect need repairs. The city has not yet released its list of suspected concrete buildings that would need an evaluation.
As L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti took up the issue of seismic safety, structural engineers and seismologists recommended that the city focus first on wooden apartments and concrete buildings as the top priority, said Carl Marziali, a spokesman for the mayor.
A 21-story building, listed by the city of Santa Monica as concrete, would be required to undergo a seismic evaluation under a new law the City Council tentatively approved Tuesday. Buildings found to be vulnerable would be required to be retrofitted. Michael Owen Baker / For The Times A 21-story building, listed by the city of Santa Monica as concrete, would be required to undergo a seismic evaluation under a new law the City Council tentatively approved Tuesday. Buildings found to be vulnerable would be required to be retrofitted. A 21-story building, listed by the city of Santa Monica as concrete, would be required to undergo a seismic evaluation under a new law the City Council tentatively approved Tuesday. Buildings found to be vulnerable would be required to be retrofitted. (Michael Owen Baker / For The Times)
As for whether steel buildings should be required to be evaluated and retrofitted in Los Angeles, Marziali said in an email that “the approach to resilience continues to evolve, and the mayor's resilience team will continue to study best practices and a range of building types, including steel moment frame buildings, for potential retrofits.”
Santa Monica is at a particular risk of earthquakes. The Santa Monica fault runs through the northern half of the city. Santa Monica was also hard-hit by the Northridge quake, which badly damaged several landmark buildings, including the St. Monica Catholic Church, and caused the loss of 1,500 apartments, or about 5% of the city's total stock.
Santa Monica recently released its list of possibly vulnerable buildings, the result of a three-year process to identify them.
Of the roughly 2,000 buildings, about 1,700 of them are suspected to be wooden apartment buildings with carports on the ground story and held up by flimsy columns that might snap in an earthquake. Known as soft-story buildings, one such complex collapsed in the 1994 Northridge earthquake, killing 16 people on the ground floor in the predawn darkness.
Wood-frame apartments with carports on the ground floor and supported by flimsy columns can collapse in an earthquake. So-called soft-story buildings in Santa Monica would have to undergo a seismic evaluation under a law tentatively approved Tuesday. Michael Owen Baker / For The Times Wood-frame apartments with carports on the ground floor and supported by flimsy columns can collapse in an earthquake. So-called soft-story buildings in Santa Monica would have to undergo a seismic evaluation under a law tentatively approved Tuesday. Wood-frame apartments with carports on the ground floor and supported by flimsy columns can collapse in an earthquake. So-called soft-story buildings in Santa Monica would have to undergo a seismic evaluation under a law tentatively approved Tuesday. (Michael Owen Baker / For The Times)
About 150 are suspected vulnerable brick buildings, also known as unreinforced masonry, in which bricks can come spilling out of walls, striking occupants and passersby and triggering the collapse of the roof. This type of building construction has generally been outlawed in California since the 1933 Long Beach earthquake. Some possibly vulnerable brick buildings are located along the popular Third Street Promenade of shops.
A three-story brick building on Broadway at the Third Street Promenade would have to undergo a seismic evaluation under a new law tentative approved by the Santa Monica City Council on Tuesday. Michael Owen Baker / For The Times A three-story brick building on Broadway at the Third Street Promenade would have to undergo a seismic evaluation under a new law tentative approved by the Santa Monica City Council on Tuesday. A three-story brick building on Broadway at the Third Street Promenade would have to undergo a seismic evaluation under a new law tentative approved by the Santa Monica City Council on Tuesday. (Michael Owen Baker / For The Times)
The tallest buildings on the list are steel and concrete buildings. About 80 were identified as steel buildings, with the tallest a 13-story condominium and two 12-story office buildings.
A 13-story condominium, listed by the city as a steel moment-frame building, could be required to undergo a seismic evaluation under a proposed law. City records say there are 79 steel moment-frame buildings that could be vulnerable in an earthquake. Michael Owen Baker / For The Times A 13-story condominium, listed by the city as a steel moment-frame building, could be required to undergo a seismic evaluation under a proposed law. City records say there are 79 steel moment-frame buildings that could be vulnerable in an earthquake. A 13-story condominium, listed by the city as a steel moment-frame building, could be required to undergo a seismic evaluation under a proposed law. City records say there are 79 steel moment-frame buildings that could be vulnerable in an earthquake. (Michael Owen Baker / For The Times)
About 60 suspected brittle concrete buildings were listed, holding residences, hotel rooms and office space. The tallest is a 21-story building on the western edge of Wilshire Boulevard overlooking the Pacific Ocean.
So-called non-ductile concrete buildings lack enough steel reinforcing bars in the columns, and shaking can cause them to disintegrate. Fifty-two people died in the collapse of several concrete buildings in the 1971 Sylmar earthquake.
A 17-story hotel on 2nd Street in Santa Monica, identified by the city as a possible concrete building, will have to undergo a seismic evaluation. Michael Owen Baker / For The Times A 17-story hotel on 2nd Street in Santa Monica, identified by the city as a possible concrete building, will have to undergo a seismic evaluation. A 17-story hotel on 2nd Street in Santa Monica, identified by the city as a possible concrete building, will have to undergo a seismic evaluation. (Michael Owen Baker / For The Times)
Officials also found about 30 possibly vulnerable concrete tilt-up buildings.
The law would not require retrofits of single-family homes.
Santa Monica's proposed law gives owners of steel buildings the most time to retrofit once an order is given to evaluate the structure — 20 years. Brittle concrete buildings will have a deadline of 10 years; wooden apartment buildings, six years; tilt-ups, three years; and brick buildings, two years.
The vote by the City Council comes more than three years after The Times reported that Santa Monica had quietly stopped enforcing its earthquake safety regulations. Santa Monica had actually passed laws in the 1990s requiring retrofits of these buildings. But the mandatory retrofit effort quietly faded in the early 2000s, amid the departure of key staff. By 2013, the city could not find its old list of possibly vulnerable buildings.
By The Associated Press
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. ISLAMIC STATE GROUP CLAIMS ATTACK ON ISTANBUL NIGHTCLUB
It is reportedly carried out in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
2. FOR WHOM THE 1980S STILL HOLD RELEVANCE
Many of Donald Trump's cultural touchstones — those he'd frequently namedrop at campaign rallies and on Twitter — were at their peak in the 1980s.
3. OBAMA IN CLOSING STRETCH OF PRESIDENCY
His final days in office will be consumed by a bid to protect his health care law, a farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
4. MEDICARE LAUNCHES REVAMP FOR HEART ATTACKS, HIP FRACTURES
The goal of new approaches is to encourage coordination that promotes quality and contains costs.
5. WHERE CHILDREN STARVE AS WAR DRAGS ON
Yemen's children are dying of malnutrition as a conflict and a blockade imposed by a Saudi-led coalition cause food prices to soar in the Arab world's poorest nation.
6. WHO SEEKS TO PULL POT SHOPS OUT OF BANKING LIMBO
Massachusetts U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is leading an effort to make sure vendors working with marijuana businesses don't have their banking services taken away.
7. ARMLESS SYRIAN BOY THRIVES IN THE U.S.
Ahmad Alkhalaf finds a new life in Massachusetts but isn't sure whether he'll be reunited with his family anytime soon.
8. CHINA STARTS 2017 ENGULFED BY SMOG
Authorities in Beijing and other cities across the nation delay dozens of flights and close highways.
9. DICK CLARK PRODUCTIONS REJECTS MARIAH CAREY'S SABOTAGE CLAIM
The productions firm is hitting back against the singer's claim it sabotaged her live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special, saying that's “absurd.”
10. KELLY, MCCOY, BAALKE LATEST TO FEEL THE NFL AX
More moves could be coming, too. Is Chuck Pagano safe in Indianapolis? Might the Saints do something with Sean Payton?
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DUFFY
DALLAS TWP. — Dallas School District officials will decide when to add days to the school calendar after the upcoming winter holiday break, Superintendent Thomas Duffy said after Monday's school board meeting.
The district canceled seven school days because of a teachers strike that began Sept. 22 and ended Oct. 3, and the lost days will be rescheduled. During the school board meeting, the parent of a senior asked when the high school was holding the senior graduation ceremony.
Graduation is scheduled for June 15, and the last day of school is currently June 7. But the last day of school will likely be pushed back, Duffy said.
Potential days canceled from snow and another strike could result in more rescheduling of school days. The last labor agreement with the teachers union expired in September 2015, and they are planning another strike on Jan. 22.
District and union negotiators plan to meet at a bargaining session on Wednesday, district Solicitor Vito DeLuca said. Sticking points include determining how much to provide for pay raises and health benefits and changing early retirement incentives.
The last school year in Dallas ended June 30 because of a strike and snow days, but senior graduation was not postponed and remained June 9. Teachers went on strike in 2016 from Nov. 14 to Dec. 19.
The last day of school before the upcoming winter holiday break is Dec. 22 and school is scheduled to resume Jan. 2.
Contact the writer:
mbuffer@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2073, @cvmikebuffer
A federal judge's order has extended FEMA temporary housing assistance for Puerto Ricans displaced by Hurricane Maria for three more weeks. Hundreds of families are still living in hotels and motels after Hurricane Maria forced them to leave their homes.
The ruling from US District Judge Timothy Hillman means evacuees covered by FEMA's Transitional Sheltering Assistance program can stay at least until check out July 24th.
As of July 3rd, 952 families in Puerto Rico and 27 states were checked into hotels under the TSA program, including 336 families in Florida.
Plaintiffs including civil rights organizations Latino Justice PRLDEF and VAMOS4PR filed a lawsuit against FEMA. They say Hurricane Maria is the largest natural disaster to strike the US, but the response from FEMA has been inadequate, and evacuees need more long term support.
“We believe that FEMA has not extended the same benefits, the same program benefits, housing assistance specifically, to the plaintiffs in this case as it has to the survivors of disasters, of natural disasters of this scale,” said Kira Romero-Craft, managing attorney for Latino Justice PRLDEF's Southeastern office.
She said the priority for her organization and other advocates is “to make sure that folks that are using the TSA program know that they have until July 24th at the least. Hopefully [they] will understand that they can continue in their efforts in terms of trying to find longer term housing.”
In his ruling, Judge Hillman wrote that he wants all parties to address the implication of the governor of Puerto Rico's refusal to request another extension of TSA benefits.
The judge will decide whether a further hearing is needed after reviewing submissions from FEMA and the plaintiffs. In the meantime, FEMA said it's notifying hotels and motels that evacuees can stay until the 24th.
Celebrity chef Mario Batali said on Monday that he has stepped away from his restaurant company and ABC said it asked him to step aside as co-host of a daytime food and talk show after he was accused of sexual harassment in a report by an online food trade publication.
REUTERS: Celebrity chef Mario Batali said on Monday that he has stepped away from his restaurant company and ABC said it asked him to step aside as co-host of a daytime food and talk show after he was accused of sexual harassment in a report by an online food trade publication.
Eater New York reported that four women, who were not identified, accused Batali of touching them inappropriately in a pattern of behaviour that spanned at least two decades. Three worked for the chef during their careers, according to Eater New York.
Batali said in a statement emailed by his representative Risa Heller, "I apologise to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behaviour described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted."
"That behaviour was wrong and there are no excuses," he said. "I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused."
Reuters could not independently confirm the accusations.
Batali said in the statement that he was stepping away from day-to-day operations of his businesses as he works to regain people's trust and respect.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Batali's reputation as a master of seasonal Italian food turned him into a restaurant executive, television star, cookbook author and one of the world's most recognizable chefs. He premiered on Food Network in 1997 on the show "Molto Mario" and in 2011 helped launch "The Chew" on ABC.
B&B Hospitality Group, which services about 24 restaurants owned by Batali and other chefs, said in an emailed statement that it takes such accusations seriously.
"We have had systematic policies and training about sexual harassment for over 10 years, including a detailed procedure for employees to report complaints to senior management," B&B Hospitality Group said. "All members of management have participated in these trainings, including Mr. Batali."
"Mr. Batali and we have agreed that he will step away from the company's operations, including the restaurants, and he has already done so," the company said in the statement.
The ABC Television Network, a unit of Walt Disney Co , said in a statement, "We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention."
"ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behaviour involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
Food Network said in an emailed statement that it was suspending plans to relaunch "Molto Mario" in light of the accusations.
(Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit; Editing by Alden Bentley)
Descendants of the Sun may have come to a close, but this is just the beginning of the end for Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo. The military K-drama propelled South Korean actors Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo to great heights. The couple won 2016's prestigious Daesang (Grand Prize) awarded by KBS Network. This was only one of the many awards that the couple has won last year. These rewards and recognition could only spell more projects for the SongSong couple in the future. This could be in the form of movies, dramas or commercials. If fortune favors them, Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo might end up doing a Hollywood movie. In December, Song Joong-ki completed filming Battleship Island, which is slated for release by June. Song Hye-kyo, on the other hand, hasn't revealed any projects for the year yet. But if she were to follow in the footsteps of her co-star Song Joong-ki, she may find herself in a blockbuster movie. The Year Of Song Joong-ki And Song Hye-kyo 2016 was the year of Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo, thanks to Descendants of the Sun. The love affair between the fans and Descendants of the Sun team began on February 24. Although the military romance ended on April 14, the relationship still continues, and the bond has only grown stronger. The 16-episode K-drama series boosted South Korea's economy. It also redefined all things Hallyu, and, in short, it altered the destiny of all those involved, including the fans. The Epic Comeback of Three Stars Apart from Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo, who returned to the small screen after two years, the epic K-drama Descendants of the Sun also marked the comeback of South Korea's legendary screenwriter, Kim Eun-sook. For Song Joong-ki, the project served as a catalyst for re-establishing himself as an actor, as he was missing from the television scene for a very long time. The actor was serving his two-year military duty — a mandate for every South Korean male citizen. Song Joong-ki was discharged from the military in May. Little did he know that his life was about to take a dramatic turn. After playing a soldier in real life, he once again had to don the army uniform for his role in Descendants of the Sun. Little did he know that his life was about to take a dramatic turn. Song Joong-ki bagged the role of Yoo Shi-jin, the adorable army officer who falls in love with a beautiful doctor, played by Song Hye-kyo. For Song Hye-kyo, Descendants of the Sun offered a chance to come back home. The actress, after her 2013 K-drama That Winter, The Wind Blows, went off the radar in South Korea. Song Hye-kyo went on to woo China and made her mark in two Chinese movies, The Crossing and The Queen. Song Hye-kyo played Dr Kang Mo-Yeon, the beautiful doctor who steals the heart of Song Joong-ki. As for screenwriter Kim Eun-sook, although she was ready with the script, the drama was put on hold as there were no takers. SBS declined to air the drama. Another version of their fist bump! ❤ (CR on pics) #SongSongCouple #KBSDramaAwards pic.twitter.com/H6vcstqhZw — a u r o r a r a i n (@_AuroraRain_) January 1, 2017 SBS Loses, KBS Wins Before approaching KBS, the producers of Descendants of the Sun initially wooed SBS. Unfortunately, SBS turned it down, as it did not see any merit in a drama that explores the love story between a soldier and a doctor. According to a report by Soompi, SBS rejected the drama because it did not see any profitability in terms of product placements. KBS, on the other hand, made a smart move. Descendants of the Sun was an overnight success. A Social Media Phenomenon Descendants of the Sun went viral the day it aired in South Korea. Even international K-drama fans were hooked on the adorable Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo. Even after the trailer was launched fans on Facebook and Twitter started creating fan pages and groups dedicated to Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo. PLEASE GET MARRIED THIS 2017 #SongSongCouple pic.twitter.com/M6zq9iUICV — kaye (@kxthniels) January 1, 2017 The hashtag #SongSongCouple is still trending on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. [Featured Image by Ahn Young-joon/AP Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
KUALA LUMPUR: Former Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak has maintained his innocence and said the trial was the "best chance" for him to clear his name.
Speaking to the media on Wednesday (Jul 4) after leaving the Kuala Lumpur Court Complex, Najib expressed hope that the trial would be "truly fair".
Advertisement
"If this is the price I have to pay for serving Malaysians for 42 years, I am willing. I hope the judgment process is truly fair, following the rule of law.
"I am confident in my innocence, I believe in my innocence. This is the best chance for me to clear my name after the numerous accusations and slander levelled against me," he said.
The trial date has been set for Feb 18 next year.
Najib had earlier pleaded not guilty to abuse of power and other charges arising from an investigation into scandal-hit state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), weeks after he was ousted in a stunning election defeat.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Najib, 64, who has denied wrongdoing in relation to 1MDB, was charged with abuse of power and three counts of criminal breach of trust as part of an investigation into a transaction involving SRC International, a former unit of 1MDB.
"I thank the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission and the security team for treating me well and respecting me as the former prime minister. Hopefully this process moves smoothly and, God willing, the public stays calm.
"I am touched by the presence of my supporters who are here to give me moral support even though I did not call for a movement, but they came willingly," Najib added.
Earlier, Najib's supporters had urged Attorney-General Tommy Thomas to conduct his press conference in Bahasa Melayu instead of in English.
Their shouts of support caused the authorities to temporarily suspend the press conference and adjourn the media briefing to a separate location in the complex.
Several individuals including local celebrity Ellie Suriaty and UMNO politician Faisal Ismail Aziz were given police warnings for their provocations and cries of "Hidup Najib" or "Long Live Najib".
About 200 officers and security personnel were present at the court complex.
Supreme Court said no politician can seek votes on the basis of caste, community, religion or language
In a landmark ruling, the Supreme Court on Monday said no politician can seek votes on the basis of caste, community, religion or language. Such exercise would be considered illegal and corrupt practice.
Readers might nod along or roll their eyes at a newspaper opinion piece, but a new study provides evidence that op-ed columns are an effective means for changing people's minds about the issues of the day.
Through two randomized experiments, researchers found that op-ed pieces had large and long-lasting effects on people's views among both the general public and policy experts. The study, published in the Quarterly Journal of Political Science, also found that Democrats and Republicans altered their views in the direction of the op-ed piece in roughly equal measure.
The New York Times launched the first modern “opposite of the editorial page,” or op-ed page, on Sept. 21, 1970 to promote discussion and learning about salient issues in the news. Today, op-ed columns appear daily in all major print and online newspapers. Advocacy groups, political organizations, think tanks, and academics invest substantial time and resources into generating op-ed pieces.
“The time and energy it takes to produce an op-ed pieces raises a question: Are people persuaded by op-eds?” said Alexander Coppock, assistant professor of political science at Yale and the study's lead author. “We found that op-ed pieces have a lasting effect on people's views regardless of their political affiliation or their initial stance on an issue. People read an argument and were persuaded by it. It's that simple.”
The researchers enrolled 3,567 people into the study through an online tool. In an initial survey, participants shared background information, such as their gender and party affiliation. They were randomly assigned into a control group or one of five “treatment” groups. Participants in the treatment groups were shown one of five op-eds that had been published in a major news outlet by a writer affiliated with the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank, or U.S. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky. Participants in the control group were not given an op-ed to read.
The op-eds, which had appeared in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, or Newsweek, advocated libertarian policy positions on issues such as climate change, federal spending on transportation and infrastructure, and instituting a federal flat tax on income. The researchers gauged participants' immediate reactions to the op-ed pieces and surveyed them again 10 and 30 days later, comparing their responses to those of participants in the control group.
The researchers performed the same experiment on a group of 2,169 “elites,” including journalists, law professors, policy-focused academics, think tank scholars, bankers, and congressional staffers.
In both experiments, people exposed to op-eds shifted their views to support the argument presented in the piece, with the general public being marginally more persuaded than the elites.
While 50% of people in the control group agreed with the views expressed in a given op-ed, 65%-70% of the people in the treatment groups expressed agreement with the op-eds' authors immediately after reading the pieces, Coppock said.
“These large differences suggest that people are persuadable on policy issues by substantial amounts,” Coppock said.
The gap between the control and treatment groups closed by about half after 10 days, but remained substantial, Coppock noted. Participants' views changed little between 10 and 30 days after reading the op-eds, demonstrating a lasting effect, he said.
The researchers concluded that op-eds are a cost effective way to influence people's views. Based on the cost of producing an op-ed, the number of people likely to read it, and its ability to sway a reader's opinion, the researchers estimated that an op-ed costs from about 50 cents to $3 per mind changed.
IBPS RRB 2017 Exam result has been declared by the Institute of Banking Personnel Selection –IBPS on its official website - ibps.in . IBPS had conducted the Preliminary Exam for the Common Recruitment Process (CRP) in Regional Rural Banks (RRB) Phase VI for Scale-I officers on September 9th, 10th and 16th and the exam for Office Assistants (multipurpose) was conducted on September 17th, 23rd and 24th 2017. Candidates who had appeared for the Officers Scale I exams can follow the instructions given below and check their result.Visit the official website - ibps.in Click on the notification – ‘Click here to View Your Result Status of Preliminary Online Examination for CRP RRB VI – Officers Scale I'It will take you to another page, where you need to login to your profileDownload your result and take a print out for further reference.Institute of Banking Personnel Selection – IBPS had announced 15000 job vacancies across various participating banks in its CRP-RRB Phase VI. The Common Recruitment Process is divided into two stages viz Preliminary exam and Mains Exam. The preliminary exam consists two sections namely Reasoning and Quantitative Aptitude. Both the sections carry 40 Questions each and candidates are given 45 minutes to complete the test.It is notable that candidates who clear the Prelims exam will be eligible to give IBPS CRP RRB Phase VI Mains Exam 2017 which will be followed by a written test and an interview to reach the final selection list of the candidates.
Greg WilliamsEd Sheeran‘s one act of kindness three years ago will stay with one family forever.
Back in 2014, he serenaded a terminally ill 15-year-old fan named Triona Priestly, just moments before she succumbed to cystic fibrosis. Triona's brother, Aiden, recently recalled the memory on Ireland's The Ray D'Arcy Show.
“We were in this small little ICU room. Triona in this huge bed covered in tubes and machines,” he said on the show. “…My brother left the room. He returned then and said, ‘I'm just going to put you on loud speaker real quick,' and he clicks it, then Ed Sheeran comes on saying, ‘Hi Triona. I hear you're a big fan.'”
Ed then played Triona her favorite song, “Little Bird.” At some point during the serenade, Triona was peaceful enough to pass on.
Aiden said they were so grateful that Ed had called, but they ended up having to rush him off the phone.
“The doctor lifts the stethoscope to tell us her heart had stopped,” he said. “And we take the mask off because she'd been on a machine to breathe — and in that moment, I remember, a burst of light comes from the window and she smiled.”
Ed had been made aware of Triona's situation by a Twitter campaign called #SongsForTri. After she passed, he tweeted, “Rest in peace Triona, so heartbreaking.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* INDIA FINANCE MINISTER SAYS RISING PRICES OF GLOBAL CRUDE OIL IS A MATTER OF CONCERN
* INDIA FINANCE MINISTER SAYS DISINVESTMENT TARGET OF 800 BILLION RUPEES FOR 2018/19 IS “FAIRLY ACHIEVABLE”
* INDIA FINANCE MINISTER SAYS WANT TO STRENGTHEN STATE-RUN BANKS BEFORE CONSOLIDATING Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [ ] (Reporting By New Delhi Newsroom)
SANTIAGO: The winds of change are blowing through Chile where a youthful sexual revolution is shattering taboos - but also sparking an explosion of HIV cases that have set off alarm bells in the traditionally conservative Latin American country.
Chile has the highest rate of HIV cases in the region - some 5,816 new cases were registered last year, a jump of 96 per cent since 2010.
Advertisement
Young people aged 15 to 29 are the most exposed, say authorities, who are poised to unveil a new prevention plan for HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.
"There has been a change in sexual behaviour among young Chileans, linked to new ways of experimenting with their sexuality," said Claudia Dides of the Miles Corporation, a non-governmental organisation that advocates for sexual and reproductive rights.
"It is no longer about feelings or passion, it's just about hooking up," said Dr Carlos Beltran, an expert in infectious diseases and member of the commission putting together the new plan.
"Now, young people have sexual encounters," he says, with many of them blurring the lines between gay and heterosexual relations.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"PUBLIC POLICY 30 YEARS BEHIND"
This evolution in sexual mores among young people has troubled much of the rest of the largely conservative Chilean society, particularly politicians.
"There is a complete discrepancy between official discourse, and today's reality: neither the government nor lawmakers want to see this, and public policy is 30 years behind" on this, said Dides.
Sex education disappeared from Chilean high schools about 10 years ago, largely due to opposition by conservative groups.
Among young Chileans aged 15 to 29, 71 per cent say they are sexually active, but only 30 per cent have ever been tested for HIV.
Just 20 per cent know what constitutes risky sexual behaviour, according to figures from the National Youth Institute.
And the use of condoms among people aged 15-24 plunged from 30 to 22 per cent between 2016 and 2017, according to figures from the health ministry.
That is largely, experts say, because of a perception that there is little risk.
"The way HIV is seen in society is very different from a few years ago," said Carlos Passarelli, the representative in Chile for the United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS).
"Young Chileans no longer fear AIDS," agreed Beltran. "In fact, they are ready to expose themselves voluntarily to the virus by having sexual relations with infected people."
LIVING WITH HIV
Carolina del Real, 37, discovered she was HIV-positive seven years ago, and now devotes her time to teaching people about prevention.
She herself was only diagnosed after a bout of pneumonia left her close to death.
"Nobody thought that I ought to have a test. And me neither. I did not even know what it was called," she told AFP.
So she decided to share her experience.
"When I came out of the clinic I started telling what had happened to me to my friends, to friends of friends. I needed to tell them: Please take the test. This could happen to you."
"From day to day everything is normal... But I feel vulnerable," said del Real, who every evening takes antiretroviral drugs supplied by Chile's health authorities.
And while young people may no longer fear HIV/AIDS as they once did - prejudice towards carriers of the virus remains entrenched in Chilean society at large.
For del Real, it means she can no longer find a stable job, get credit or take out insurance.
"What happens if I die old and alone? If at 37 a fever leaves me immobilised, how is my old age going to be?" she asked.
"I never imagined that HIV would represent for me the possibility of finding more sense in my life, to make the world a little better that I found it. I transformed my illness into an opportunity but... obviously I would have preferred not to have caught HIV."
To co-sleep or not to co-sleep; that is the question. Some parents love it, some parents hate it, some parents do it because it's literally the only way to get their infant to sleep for two hours in a row (I'm looking at you, baby Mabel.) Most co-sleepers say they bed-share because they feel it's best for the child, but are there any negative consequences for parents? According to a new study from researchers at Penn State, the answer is overwhelmingly yes: co-sleeping can make moms depressed.
In fact, moms who co-slept past six months with their babies — meaning they had their baby in their room on a separate sleep surface, or were bed-sharing — reported feeling 76 percent more depressed than moms whose babies slept solo in another room. But the main reason for these low spirits seems to have less to do with the actual co-sleeping and more to do with feeling judged by other people about co-sleeping.
After studying the nighttime habits of 103 moms with new babies, researchers found that moms who co-slept past six months reported getting more social criticism about their sleep choices than other moms, which contributed significantly to their higher levels of depression.
For this long-time co-sleeping and bed-sharing mom, that statistic is both shocking and also totally no surprise. For every cool, supportive comment about our family bed set-up, I got five negative, eye-rolling, fear-mongering reactions: “You must hate sleeping,” “Your baby will never sleep on his own,” “Oh my god, just let your baby cry! Don't be a martyr!” and so on. And yeah, it made me super depressed sometimes. I lived in fear of “doing the wrong thing” as a parent, and all that criticism fed right into that fear.
I remember hauling the Pack ‘n' Play and setting it up to give the illusion that we used it just so I wouldn't be judged for co-sleeping.
And I'm not the only co-sleeper who felt this way. “My mother-in-law would make repeated comments about how 'babies need to sleep in cribs.' My father-in-law asked me if I was going to suffocate the baby,” Lisa, a mother-of-two from Wisconsin who bed-shares, tells me. “I remember hauling the Pack ‘n' Play and setting it up to give the illusion that we used it just so I wouldn't be judged for co-sleeping. It made me feel like shit and a like a terrible mother.”
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that infants share a room with their parents for the first six months of their life, if not longer, to lower the risk of SIDS. The Safe Sleep Guidelines stipulate that infants should be on a separate sleep surface clear of any other objects, and that bed-sharing raises the risk of SIDS. However, a 2016 update to the recommendations addressed the reality that many parents do choose to bed-share, despite the risks, and added the advisory that mothers who feed during the night should nurse in bed rather than an armchair or couch, so that if they do fall asleep, the baby is in a safer space, and that ideally the mother will return the baby to a crib or bassinet after feeding.
If the behavior is so widespread, why are so many people judgmental about co-sleeping? Turns out, it's just a cultural thing.
“Our culture is not a co-sleeping culture,” Douglas Teti, department head and professor of human development and human studies at Penn State tells Romper. “And when you're bucking that trend, you tend to get comments from people — whether it be your mother, your mother-in-law, your spouse — that that is not what's good for the baby.”
But, adds Teti, “There's really no evidence that [co-sleeping is] good or bad for the baby, in fact half the world co-sleeps beyond six months and the children seem none the worse for wear.”
Co-sleeping is really hard on moms, especially when it comes to losing sleep — which can in itself lead to depressive feelings.
As any new parent can attest, the first few months (if not more) of caring for an infant are riddled with self-doubt, and how well your baby sleeps is a topic that can bring even the most confident mom to tears. And while co-sleeping is a choice for some moms, for others it's simply the only way to get a baby to sleep at all. Surely, the levels of reported depression would be lower in the former category and higher in the latter?
Nope!
“We expected proactive co-sleepers to have better mental health, but that didn't seem to make any difference.” Teti tells me.
There are two ways to interpret this information. First, that co-sleeping is really hard on moms, especially when it comes to losing sleep — which can in itself lead to depressive feelings, according to researchers at Oxford University. Second, that feeling judged by other moms can seriously affect mental health, even if you're 100 percent confident in what you are doing. And you know what might also make moms extra sensitive to the negative effects of social criticism? Lack of sleep! It's a vicious circle of vulnerability.
But for a lot of co-sleeping moms, the “sleep” part of “co-sleeping” isn't the focus. “Co-sleeping is awesome if you are nursing, and nursing is awesome,” says Laurie*, mother of two from Massachusetts who also bed-shares. “Yes, sleep deprivation causes depression. [But] human connection is not pathology, and I am tired of people trying to pathologize my children's natural, innate, human-mammalian desire to connect with me and to them.”
Photo courtesy of Phaea Crede
Ultimately, Teti says, the study shouldn't dissuade parents from choosing a sleep system that works from them, but simply informs would-be co-sleepers of what to expect: “[Co-sleeping is] going to be associated with greater sleep disruption on the part of the parent, and you want to just make sure that you're good with that, number one.” He continues, “…[if] you're more prone to responding more negatively to criticism, and if that's going to impact your emotional well-being…”, that's something else to take into consideration.
While the struggle to get a baby to sleep is something no parent can avoid completely, picking a sleeping system that works for all family members should be the highest priority. The harder task? Not letting other mom's judgmental opinions get in our heads. If we could only solve that little problem, we'd all probably sleep a little better at night.
*Not her real name.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Mexico's president-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador will meet with business leaders on Wednesday, as the leftist seeks to ease private sector worries after an election campaign in which he accused some tycoons of belonging to a "mafia of power."
MEXICO CITY: Mexico's president-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador will meet with business leaders on Wednesday, as the leftist seeks to ease private sector worries after an election campaign in which he accused some tycoons of belonging to a "mafia of power."
Lopez Obrador is meeting the powerful CCE business lobby, which in March urged him to stop questioning major planks of the current government's economic agenda, such as a new US$13 billion airport for Mexico City. The leftist slammed corporate defenders of the airport project as "corrupt."
Advertisement
Since winning a landslide in Sunday's presidential election, Lopez Obrador and his team have focussed on soothing market fears, saying that he would not ramp up spending and would respect the Mexican central bank's independence.
Mexico's business community has in turn reached out to try to ease past tensions with the new leader.
German Larrea, chairman of miner Grupo Mexico, published a full-page message in a national newspaper congratulating Lopez Obrador and applauding his comments. In the campaign, he warned staff about voting for him.
Claudio X. Gonzalez, whose family owns part of Kimberly Clark de Mexico, said on Twitter he wished Lopez Obrador the best and asked him to be a unifying figure.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Former President Vicente Fox, who had a tense relationship with Lopez Obrador when he was mayor of Mexico City, also congratulated him.
Lopez Obrador criticized all three during the campaign.
Mexico's peso on Tuesday posted its biggest daily increase in over two years, boosted by a global emerging market rally, as well as pledges from Lopez Obrador to not increase spending.
Despite uncertainty about what policies he could put in place, foreign investors have given him the benefit of the doubt for now, eyeing the payout on Mexican bonds, which offer the highest rates of any investment grade country.
(Reporting by Christine Murray and Michael O'Boyle; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
Films are a medium of storytelling rather than a project of financial investment, aver Abhay Chopra and Juno Chopra -- the young grandsons of late legendary filmmaker B.R. Chopra -- who have backed the forthcoming Bareilly Ki Barfi.They say they are following in the footsteps of their illustrious grand father by supporting good stories to bring a change in cinema.Bareilly Ki Barfi, a romantic comedy featuring Ayushmann Khurrana, Rajkummar Rao and Kriti Sanon, is directed by Ashwini Iyer Tiwari. Its trailers exude an atypical vibe.Asked about what made them choose a film which is far from the formulaic, Juno said that: "We have inherited supporting a good story, so we have that instinctive nature and gut feeling to go for it if we like the script. If you look at our production house B.R. Films' work, we always supported stories that deserved to be told."So yes, it's gut feeling and instinctive nature I guess."Agreeing to this, Abhay added: "We are taught to look at a film as a medium of storytelling rather than a project. And we are the first audience (of the film). So if we are enjoying the story, we share it with the world through the medium of cinema. A good story is all that matters... Rest is a gut feeling that I think we have got from our grand papa and papa."The boys are the sons of late filmmaker Ravi Chopra, who had directed The Burning Train and BaghbanAs a banner, B.R. Films is known for producing TV Series like Mahabharat, Ramayan and Vishnu Puran, and films like Naya Daur, Sadma, Humraaz, Bhootnath and Baghban.In the case of Bareilly Ki Barfi, the original story of the film has come from French author Nicolas Barreau's The Ingredients of Love, a novel that Juno read and liked. Then they approached Dangal director Nitesh Tiwari and asked him if they can do a film on it.Nitesh has penned the script, while his wife Ashwini Iyer Tiwari has directed it."I asked Nitesh if he can pen a script based on the book. Even he liked the idea. We know Ashwini for quite some time. We offered her to direct the film before Nil Battey Sannata because we have seen her conviction and approach towards any story," Juno said.According to him, Kriti agreed to do the film pretty instinctively even without knowing who else was there in the film."We were there at Karan's place (filmmaker Karan Johar who happens to be their relative) where we met Kriti. We just shared the story in a few lines and she happily agreed because she loved the story," Juno recounted.Abhay added: "I think that is what happens if the story is good... The cast, director and everything falls into place."While in the last five years, many experimental films have been making a mark at the box office and in the minds of the audience, the Chopra brothers believe that a creative idea should be encouraged by good producers and if the aim is clear, the audience will be there to receive it."Our generation is well-exposed to world entertainment. So as Hindi film producers, we should encourage stories that are more with connective elements rather than aspirational. People love watching a real life story with a twist, even though they have a chance of watching content on the digital platforms, they are buying a ticket to watch a film. You can't fool them," said Juno.
SINGAPORE: The new passenger terminal at Seletar Airport which costs S$80 million will be operational by the end of 2018, said Changi Airport Group (CAG).
The two-storey, 10,000 sq m terminal can handle 700,000 passenger movements a year - about 26 times more than the number of passengers it saw in 2016, according to CAG.
Advertisement
The departure area will house four check-in counters, six immigration lanes, two security screening stations and a gate holdroom that can accommodate 200 passengers.
Artist's impression of Seletar Airport check-in counters. (Image: Changi Airport Group)
“This new terminal will provide Seletar Airport with the capacity it needs to handle the upcoming growth in aviation activities in the years ahead,” said Mr Khoh Su Lim, Deputy General Manager of the airport.
“It's going to provide our passengers with a more efficient process flow for both scheduled and non-scheduled passengers."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Managed by CAG, the terminal will also have three aircraft parking stands next to it.
That will increase the efficiency and convenience of boarding the planes, the management team said.
A private area, known as the Seletar Business Aviation Centre, will also be set up for those travelling on chartered business flights and private jets.
But the terminal will not have any retail outlets, except for one food & beverage stall.
Malaysian carrier Firefly will shift its operations from Changi Airport to Seletar when the terminal opens.
It will continue running its 20 daily turboprop flights – to and from Subang, Ipoh and Kuantan.
Changi Airport Group said relocating these “smaller and slower aircraft operations” to Seletar would help “optimise the use of resources to meet growing capacity demands” at Changi.
Observers say that this move would benefit certain segments of the market.
“Some consumers who fly between Singapore and Kuala Lumpur will benefit as they might appreciate the convenience of a very small airport that's easy to go through,” said Mr Brendan Sobie, Chief Analyst at CAPA Centre for Aviation.
Another plus for consumers is that fares could go down if more players enter the market.
“We expect competition on the route, which hasn't been possible until the opening of this airport. Malindo Air may now be able to compete with Firefly on the market - which should drive down the fares, which are relatively high between Changi and Subang. What that will do is potentially stimulate initial demand,” added Mr Sobie.
However, he also said that the new terminal may not move the needle on Singapore's passenger arrivals. Its capacity is about 1 per cent the size of Changi Airport's 62 million passenger arrivals last year.
The upgrade marks the latest step in the redevelopment of Seletar Airport which started in 2008.
Since then, the airport has undergone several enhancements, such as the lengthening of its runway and the construction of a new control tower and fire station.
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the country's famed pyramids at the Giza plateau just outside Cairo, the Antiquities Ministry said Saturday, the latest discovery that authorities hope will help revive the country's staggering tourism sector.
The tomb was found in a wider area of Giza's western necropolis, which is known to be home to tombs from the Old Kingdom.
It likely belonged to a woman known as Hetpet, who archaeologists believe was close to ancient Egyptian royals of the 5th Dynasty.
The tomb, unveiled to the media on Saturday, is made of mud brick and includes wall paintings in good condition depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Other scenes also depict a monkey in pharaonic times, monkeys were commonly kept as domestic animals picking fruit. Similar scenes have been found in other tombs belonging to the later 12th dynasty, according to the ministry's statement. Another scene shows a monkey dancing before an orchestra.
According to the ministry, the archaeological mission behind the discovery started excavation work last October. Archaeologists have been making discoveries near the site since the 19th century, and Mostafa al-Waziri, who led the mission, believes there is still more to be found.
"This is a very promising area. We expect to find more," Al-Waziri told reporters at the site. "We have removed between 250-300 cubic meters of layers of earth to find the tomb."
"What we see above the earth's surface in Egypt doesn't exceed 40 percent of what the core holds," he added.
Al-Waziri believes Hetpet had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis and said that excavation work is underway to find that one too.
Hetpet is a previously known figure in Egyptian antiquity though her mummy has not been discovered yet. Fragments of artefacts belonging to Hetpet were found in the same area back in 1909, and were moved to a museum in Berlin at the time, Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said Saturday, speaking at the site to reporters and Western diplomats.
Despite all the discoveries already made about ancient Egypt, experts say they hope to find much more in part thanks to modern technology treasures still buried under the vast desert.
The area of the latest discovery is close to a new museum under construction that will house some of Egypt's most unique and precious artifacts, including many belonging to the famed boy King Tutankhamun.
The first phase of Grand Egyptian museum is expected to be opened later this year while the grand opening is planned for 2022.
In January, Egypt placed the ancient statue of one of its most famous pharaohs, Ramses II at the museum's atrium, which will include 43 massive statues.
Throughout 2017, the Antiquities Ministry made a string of discoveries across Egypt including some in the southern city Luxor known for its spectacular temples and tombs spanning different dynasties of ancient Egyptian history.
Egypt hopes the inauguration of the new museum, along with the recent discoveries, will draw back visitors to the country where tourism has been hit hard by extremist attacks and political turmoil following the 2011 popular uprising that toppled longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak and the authorities' struggles to rein in an insurgency by Islamic militants.
The government has tightened security around archaeological and touristic sites and spent millions of dollars to upgrade airport security especially following the 2015 downing of a Russian airliner by the Islamic State group, killing 224 people on board.
The bombing dealt Egypt's vital tourism sector a hard blow after Russia suspended flights to and from Egypt.
In December, Cairo and Moscow signed a security protocol and announced plans to resume Russian flights to the Egyptian capital, due to start this month.
Oyez! Oyez! Oyez! Brantford town crier David McKee has been invited to compete in an international competition in Annapolis Valley, N.S. from Sept. 12 to 17.
He hopes to cry his way to the top against more than 20 town criers.
The competition will make several stops across the Annapolis Valley, with the main events being held in Windsor, Annapolis Royal and the final at Grand Pre.
"It will be very challenging, but I accept the challenge to represent my community," McKee said in an interview.
"It really is wonderful to be able to boast about this great city."
The competition comprises three cries.
The first is a free subject, allowing competitors to choose their own topics to proclaim. The second will ask competitors to wax eloquently about Canada's 150th birthday. The third and final cry must deal with the Annapolis Valley.
A panel of judges, including the host criers, will evaluate the contestants on their uniforms, proclamations, clarity and projection among other factors.
McKee has created a GoFundMe page with a $5,000 fundraising goal for the Annapolis Valley competition. So far, contributions on the page have reached $1,070.
"I can't thank the people of Branford enough for helping me get to events such as the Annapolis Valley competition," McKee said.
For more information or to contribute, go to www.gofundme.com/brantford-takes-annapolis.
McKee has been Brantford's official town crier since 1991.
He won gold medals in both the Canadian and Ontario town crier champions, held in Markham in June.
He also received the second runner-up trophy in the 2017 Bermuda International Town Crier Competition in April.
He will receive Canada 150 and Ontario 150 awards at a special ceremony on Sept. 9 at the Sanderson Centre, in recognition of his achievements. The presenters will be Brantford-Brant MP Phil McColeman and Brant MPP Dave Levac.
MMarion@postmedia.com
@expMarion
TOKYO (Reuters) -
Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office and Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department are set to raid Kobe Steel Ltd's <5406.T> headquarters and production facilities in relation to its data tampering scandal, media reported on Thursday.
Kobe Steel admitted in March its data fraud has been going on nearly five decades and also revealed new cases of cheating. Japan's third-biggest steelmaker said its CEO will step down to take responsibility for the scandal that came to light last year.
A Kobe Steel spokesman said on Thursday the company had no comment beyond its admission in late April that it was under investigation by Japanese authorities over the data tampering. The company is also under investigation by the U.S. Justice Department.
A spokeswoman for the Prosecutors Office said it does not comment on its ongoing investigations in general.
The company's shares were down 0.6 percent by 0013 GMT, compared with a 0.5 percent gain in Nikkei share average .
(Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; editing by Richard Pullin)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
SEOUL: U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told business leaders in Seoul on Tuesday that the Trump administration will review and reform the five-year-old free trade agreement between the two countries.
Pence said the U.S. trade deficit has more than doubled in the five years since the U.S.-South Korea free trade agreement began and there are too many barriers for U.S. businesses in the country.
Pence's meeting in Seoul with business leaders comes before he heads to Tokyo later on Tuesday, where he will meet Japan's Finance Minister Taro Aso and kick off talks that Washington hopes will open doors for U.S.-made products.
U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to narrow big trade deficits with nations like China and Japan, saying he would boost U.S. manufacturing jobs.
"That's the hard truth," Pence told an American Chamber of Commerce meeting in Seoul. "We have to be honest about where our trade relationship is falling short", said Pence, adding the Trump administration would work with businesses on reforms.
Trump campaigned on an "America First" pledge, promising to overhaul trade agreements that he said hurt U.S. jobs.
Before the free trade agreement between the two countries took effect in 2012, South Korea's trade surplus against the United States stood at US$11.6 billion at end-2011. In 2016, the surplus measured at US$23.2 billion, according to official data.
James Kim, CEO of GM Korea, said there are opportunities to improve the free trade deal between Washington and Seoul.
“We need to minimize as many unique Korea standards which would make it easier to buy American products made in America,” Kim said at the meeting with Pence.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton, additional reporting by Christine Kim; Writing by James Pearson, Ju-min Park; Editing by Michael Perry)
Drinkers should not justify excessive alcohol consumption because they think it will be "good for their heart" , an expert has said after a new study found that p roblem drinking can increase a person's chances of heart attack and heart failure.
Alcohol abuse has previously been linked to an increased risk of a number of health problems including high blood pressure, diabetes, smoking and obesity.
But a new study, published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology, has also linked drinking problems to a range of heart conditions.
Experts analysed data from almost 15 million patients in California - 1.8% (or 268,000) had been diagnosed with alcohol abuse.
The researchers found that alcohol abuse was associated with a two-fold increased risk of irregular heartbeat, a 1.4-fold increased risk of heart attack and a 2.3-fold increased risk of heart failure.
The study did not quantify how much patients drank - just that they had alcohol abuse listed in their medical records.
"We found that even if you have no underlying risk factors, abuse of alcohol still increases the risk of these heart conditions," said lead researcher Dr Gregory Marcus, from the University of California in San Francisco.
"We were somewhat surprised to find those diagnosed with some form of alcohol abuse were at significantly higher risk of a heart attack.
"We hope this data will temper the enthusiasm for drinking in excess and will avoid any justification for excessive drinking because people think it will be good for their heart. These data pretty clearly prove the opposite."
In an accompanying editorial, Dr Michael Criqui, also from the University of California, said that previous studies that have found a benefit from alcohol consumption in protecting against heart attack and congestive heart failure were cohort studies which tend to recruit stable, co-operative and health-conscious participants..
"Cohort studies have minimal participation by true alcohol abusers, so the current study likely presents a more valid picture of heavy drinking outcomes," he wrote.
KATHMANDU: At least 175 people have died and thousands have fled their homes as monsoon floods swept across Nepal, India and Bangladesh, officials said on Monday (Aug 14), warning the toll could rise as the extent of the damage becomes clear.
Three days of relentless downpours sparked flash floods and landslides that have killed at least 80 people in Nepal, 73 across northern and eastern India and 22 in Bangladesh.
Around 200,000 people are living in emergency camps in Assam in northeast India, which suffers frequent flooding during the annual monsoon rains.
Another 15,000 have had to leave their homes in the eastern state of Bihar, which borders Nepal and where one official said seven rivers were at danger levels.
Huge swathes of the state were submerged in 2008 when a river burst its banks across the border in Nepal, with the two countries trading blame for the disaster.
All trains to the northeast have been suspended until Wednesday, with sections of the track completely submerged in water, Indian railway spokesman Anil Saxena told AFP.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In Nepal, police said over 48,000 homes have been totally submerged by the floods.
As emergency workers struggled to reach far-flung areas, the country's home ministry said another 36 people were missing, presumed dead, revising down an earlier count after more bodies were found.
The Nepal Red Cross warned that shortages of safe drinking water and food could create a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished Himalayan country.
"In many parts of the country there is a scarcity of safe drinking water creating a high risk of health hazards," spokesman Dibya Raj Poudel told AFP.
"Several villages and settlements are unreachable. Telecommunications, mobile phones are still not working so it is difficult to give a full assessment."
A local volunteer in Saptari district - one of the worst affected areas - said the water level was receding but most residents were still stranded on higher ground.
"Water level has decreased a little bit but families still cannot return home. They are taking shelter in sheds. What people need now is clean drinking water and food," volunteer Dipak Kumar Yadav told AFP.
In India, emergency workers were scouring the area hit by a massive landslide that swept two passenger buses into a deep gorge on Sunday, killing at least 46 people in the mountainous northern state of Himachal Pradesh.
In the neighbouring state of Uttarakhand - which also borders Nepal - three people were killed in a landslide late Sunday triggered by heavy rains, local police official Ajay Joshi told AFP.
BANGLADESH DEPLOYS TROOPS
Bangladesh deployed troops to shore up embankments in the north of the country, where flooding has killed 22 people.
Local government administrator Kazi Hasan Ahmed told AFP up to 700,000 people had been marooned by flood waters after rivers burst their banks following days of heavy rain.
"We've not seen such severe floods in Dinajpur since 1988," he said, referring to the worst-hit district. "The town protection embankment was washed away by flood water, submerging most of the main town."
The government's Flood Forecasting and Warning Centre warned that water levels in some major rivers would continue to rise over the next 72 hours, raising fears the flooding could spread.
In Nepal, the worst of the flooding was in the southern lowlands known as the Terai, the country's most fertile region and home to much of its agriculture.
"We are getting reports that about 70 percent of agriculture area in the Tarai is inundated," said Shankar Sapkota, senior agricultural economist with the government.
"Paddy fields, vegetable plantation and fish farms have been affected but right now we cannot confirm the extent of damage."
Nearly 150 people have been killed in Nepal since the beginning of the rainy season in late June.
The rains are now expected to shift westwards and authorities in Nepal have begun evacuating 74,000 people from a vulnerable western district.
Hundreds have died in torrential rain, floods and landslides in neighbouring India during the monsoon, which hits the country's southern tip in early June and sweeps across the nation, lasting into September.
This statement was originally published on ifj.org on 21 November 2017.
The International Federation of Journalists (IFJ) joins its affiliate the Afghan Independent Journalists Association (AIJA) in condemning the suicide attack in Kabul, Afghanistan on Thursday, November 16, 2017 that killed a television cameraman and many others. The IFJ demands swift action from the authorities to provide justice to the slain media staff.
Husain Nazari, a cameraman for Rah-e-Farda TV, was critically wounded in the suicide attack at a political gathering in Kabul on November 16 and succumbed to his injuries at a hospital on November 17. His colleague, reporter Taqi Sadid, was also injured in the attack and is undergoing treatment.
The explosion outside the Qasr-E-Naween Hotel in Kabul claimed the lives of 19 people including eight policemen. The Daesh (also known as ISIS) has reportedly claimed responsibility for the attack.
Rahimullah Samandar, the president of AIJA, said: "We call on the government and international supporters to support the Nazari family and ensure that Sadid gets the best medical treatment." According to AIJA, Nazari belongs to a poor family and was the sole bread earner of his family that includes his wife, child, a sister and an aged mother.
"The AIJA leadership is seriously concerned over the risks faced by Afghan journalists covering government programs, political gatherings and the front lines without proper safety training and equipment. Only a small number of media organizations in Afghanistan have safety policies and guidelines for their reporters."
IFJ general secretary, Anthony Bellanger, said: "The safety situation for the media in Afghanistan is a grave concern for the IFJ. The killing of Husain Nazari brings the total number of media workers killed in Afghanistan this year to eight. Immediate and concrete action needs to be taken to guarantee the safety and security of the media community. The IFJ stands with AIJA in demanding safety training and equipment for the media, and for media outlets to implement safety policies."
As part of the IFJ's #EndImpunity campaign, the IFJ has mapped all media worker killings in Afghanistan since 1990 and called on the Afghan government to end the culture of impunity for crimes against journalists. See more here.
POSTED IN: Afghanistan Attacks
Jeremy London‘s arrest for domestic violence was the result of “an emotionally-charged situation” between him and his wife Juliet, according to the actor's rep.
“Earlier today, authorities in Jackson County, Mississippi intervened in a private marital matter, resulting in the arrest of Jeremy London on a misdemeanor charge,” Dominic Friesen told Page Six on Friday night. It was “standard protocol in an attempt to diffuse an emotionally-charged situation,” he added.
The actor, 45, known for his role in the 1995 movie “Mallrats,” has been married to Juliet, also an actress, since 2014. The couple do not have children together.
“An isolated incident, today's events will be addressed privately by Jeremy and Juliet London and will be used to guide their decisions as a couple moving forward,” Friesen said.
London was also charged with domestic violence in 2012 during his previous marriage to his “7th Heaven” co-star Melissa Cunningham.
By Scott T. Sterling
Pop singer Rachel Platten is set to return with a new album, Waves, which will be released on Oct. 27.
Related: Rachel Platten Debuts New Single ‘Broken Glass'
“I loved making this album, I've never felt so free creatively,” Platten revealed in a press statement. “I wrote all of these songs without getting in the way, and I just let whatever needed to come through me just come. I worked out a lot of heavy stuff on some of the songs and cried on my piano at 3 a.m. some nights, but I also woke up some days and jumped into the ocean and felt amazing and just wanted to write songs I could dance to. This album is raw and it's emotional, but it's also fun and sweet and it's real. It's honestly just all of me and I am so damn proud of it.”
Among the producers on Waves include OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder and Stargate.
Check out the full tracklist for Platen's new album below.
1. Perfect For You
2. Whole Heart
3. Collide
4. Keep Up
5. Broken Glass
6. Shivers
7. Loose Ends
8. Labels
9. Loveback
10. Hands
11. Fooling You
12. Good Life
13. Grace
WASHINGTON: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's prepared remarks for a House of Representatives committee are identical to her written testimony submitted a day earlier to a separate panel, a House committee aide said on Wednesday.
Yellen on Tuesday told a Senate committee the Fed was on track to raise interest rates at an upcoming policy meeting. She is due to appear before the House Financial Services Committee on Wednesday at 10 a.m. EST (1500 GMT).
(Reporting by Jason Lange Editing by W Simon)
DOHA - The sanctions imposed by Saudi Arabia and other Arab states on Qatar have been a blessing for Mohammed Kuwari and his al-Rawa brand of yoghurt. With competing Saudi products off the shelves, his business is booming.
"Our sales doubled! There's lots of production as you can see and we have a big share in the market now," said the 30-year-old dairy factory owner.
Previously he struggled to compete against products trucked in from Saudi firms like the Middle East's biggest dairy, Almarai.
But last week Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain imposed an economic and diplomatic boycott on Qatar, accusing the small Gulf state of funding terrorism and cosying up to their enemy Iran, which Qatar denies.
The measures have disrupted imports in Qatar, which buys most of its food from the neighbours that have ostracised it. Qatar's own mostly small consumer businesses say they are finding new suppliers, which could alter established trading patterns in the Gulf.
Plastic and cardboard that Kuwari's company uses to make packaging are stuck in containers in Dubai, he said.
"We were stunned at first. Our supply of raw materials was completely cut off," said Kuwari. "But we took action."
Kuwari says he will terminate contracts for raw materials from the Dubai-based conglomerate JRD international worth 30 million riyals ($8.21 million) a year. Instead he is forging deals with Turkish, Indian and Chinese companies to secure future supplies that will be shipped to Qatar via ports in Oman and Kuwait.
Qatar typically imports perishable goods through its land link with Saudi Arabia. Millions of dollars of other goods and materials also come every month via Dubai's Jebel Ali port which serves as a major re-export hub for the Gulf.
Businesses in Qatar say they are pulling the plug on the UAE and Saudi contracts, and don't expect to resume them even if the diplomatic storm blows over.
"We are not working with them again. They didn't honour their agreements. Our products are being held up there," said Ahmed al-Khalaf, chairman of International Projects Development Co. and owner of a Qatari meat processing plant that imports materials from the UAE.
"We may not have many factories in Qatar but we have the money to buy from other sources."
Qatar is the world's richest country per capita, with just 2.7 million residents and income from the world's biggest exports of liquefied natural gas. Nearly 90 percent of its population are foreign guest workers, mostly from South Asia or poorer countries in the Middle East.
Dubai offers lower costs and shorter shipping times than many other ports in the Middle East. But Oman's Sohar port has been trying to compete by expanding its capacity. Business from Qatar could help that effort. On Monday Qatar launched two new shipping services to Omani ports as the gas-rich country seeks to secure food supplies closed off by the Saudi-led boycott.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief executives of top American steel companies and related groups urged President Donald Trump on Thursday to urgently impose trade measures to curb excess steel capacity and surging imports they say are undermining the U.S. industry.
A letter, sent to the White House and Congress by the American Iron and Steel Institute and the Steel Manufacturers Association, called on Trump to immediately act under the rarely used “Section 232” of a 1962 U.S. trade law, which allows for restrictions to protect national security.
”We urge you to implement a remedy that is comprehensive and broad based, covering all major sources of steel imports and the full range of steel products, with only limited exceptions for
products not currently available in the United States,”
according to the letter seen by Reuters.
Companies that signed the letter included Alton Steel, AK Steel Corp, Cleveland-Cliffs Inc, TimkenSteel Corp, Nucor Corp, and ArcelorMittal USA.
The letter was the second in five months from the steel industry to Trump, who promised in his presidential campaign to protect American steelworkers from imports and ordered an investigation last April of foreign steel imports under Section 232.
The results of the investigation were handed to Trump on Jan. 11, 2018. He has 90 days to respond.
A U.S. administration official said the White House was “aware of the needs and concerns of stakeholders.”
“The president has 90 days to make his decision and we will announce that decision at the appropriate time,” the official told Reuters.
Forcing a reduction of excess production in China, which now supplies half the world's steel, is a key goal of any potential restrictions.
The United States, the world's biggest steep importer, and China have long been at odds over how to combat excess capacity in the global steel sector. China has argued that it has done its bit to tackle the problem by cutting capacity.
‘WAIT-AND-SEE APPROACH'
Philip Bell, president of the Steel Manufacturers Association, said there was optimism that Trump would come up with effective measures following his decision on Jan. 22 to slap tariffs on imported washers and solar panels.
“I confident he will come up with a remedy that is effective and he still has 70 days to review it and make a decision,” Bell told Reuters. “We will have to take a wait-and-see approach, but it is clear the steel industry continues to be challenged and that 232 action sooner rather than later is important.”
The letter underscored that despite the threat of trade actions, imports continue to swamp the U.S. market. In June 2017, steel imports hit their highest monthly total in more than two years by capturing 30 percent of the U.S. market, the letter said.
Efforts to address global excess capacity through international consultations and groups such as the G20 and Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development had failed, the letter added.
The European Union has warned it will retaliate if European steelmakers suffer collateral damage from import restrictions under the Section 232 investigation.
While the measure would mainly target China, NATO allies like Britain have expressed concern because the two countries have traded steel for military purposes.
Alan Branch, David Harris now on Patriots; Brandon Graham on Eagles
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. – Football fate's winding roads have brought defenders Brandon Graham, David Harris and Alan Branch together again on the same football field – this time with Super Bowl LII on the line.
Graham is the star pass-rushing end on the Philadelphia Eagles, in the prime of his career.
Harris, a linebacker, and Branch, a tackle, are backups on the New England Patriots. Their respective 11-year pro careers are near, or perhaps even at, an end.
The trio were teammates in college in 2006, at Tom Brady's Alma Mater, the University of Michigan. They're just one of 11 examples of former college teammates reunited on opposite sides in this game.
It was in summer 2006 that Graham arrived on Michigan's campus as a stud five-star recruit. Who offered him his first temporary lodging? Harris. And who took a co-leading role, along with future Pittsburgh Steelers edge-rushing star LaMarr Woodley, in helping Graham quickly get up to speed on Michigan's dominating 2006 defensive line? Branch.
The trio this week talked to Postmedia about how they met 11 years ago, and have remained in touch all these years later.
“It's amazing to have it come full circle this week,” said Harris, a native of Grand Rapids, Mich., who before this season spent the first 10 years of his pro career with the New York Jets.
“First, just that Alan and I are on the same team again, with an opportunity to play for a Super Bowl championship, is amazing.”
Branch is a native of Albuquerque, N.M., who played his first four NFL seasons in Arizona, followed by two in Seattle and one in Buffalo before signing with the Patriots in 2014.
“David and I always go back in time and reminisce about all those good times at Michigan,” Branch said. “David was actually the first guy I lived with when I first came to Michigan (in 2004). A little bit off-campus. For him to let me stay at his house, and not knowing me at all, was pretty cool. We stayed close the whole time, and we're pretty close now still.”
By the end of the previous 2005 season, both Harris and Branch had become breakout performers on Michigan's talent-loaded defence, along with Woodley (whose pro career ended in 2015) and cornerback Leon Hall (who's still kicking in the NFL with the San Francisco 49ers).
On that defence Graham had to be very good to earn the ample playing time he did as a true freshman.
“I knew he was a very special player, a very special guy who could do many things,” said Branch, now 33. “He was not gonna let anyone down. He showed his talents, which is rushing the quarterback and stopping the run, getting penetration. It's nothing surprising at all to see what he's done with the Eagles.
“With the talent that he had, for him to get reps right off the bat tells you he was very good mentally too – focused.”
Graham had committed to Michigan in February 2005, as one of the most promising football prospects to come out of Detroit in years. He starred at Crockett Vocational Tech, a downtown Detroit high school located less than three miles north of the Canadian border and Windsor, Ont.
Rivals.com ranked Graham as one of its handful of five-star recruits that year – No. 15 player nationally, No. 2 among linebackers and No. 1 in the state of Michigan.
Graham said the senior Michigan leaders on defence, especially Harris and Branch, mentored him on the field and off.
“Just showing me how to work, mostly,” said Graham, who turns 30 in April. “You'd see them working hard every day. I was just able to watch those guys, how they took that one-day-at-a-time approach. That was so important for me.”
Harris said he and his Michigan roommate in 2006, lineman Rondell Biggs, shared an off-campus house. They invited Graham to live with them when he arrived before August training camp.
“In the summertime, freshmen usually room with older players,” said Harris, now 34. “He roomed with us. We had a futon and a couch. That was it.”
Michigan was still Michigan back in 2006, meaning it was still annually vying for Big Ten conference and national honours, before the program caved in. Seniors always instructed – actually, ordered – under-classmen to embrace the Michigan ways, and passed down how to win on Saturdays.
“David told me to just come in and be a sponge,” Graham said. “Just soak in everything. Make sure you know your plays, practice hard and be you. And that's all I do, still.”
Michigan roared out to an 11-0 start that year. So did arch-rival Ohio State. The Wolverines were ranked No. 2 nationally, the Buckeyes No. 1, heading into one of the most hyped regular-season games in U.S. college football history. ESPN ran a super-imposed countdown clock in the corner of its screen for weeks heading into the game.
Ohio State prevailed 42-39 in an instant classic. Branch intercepted eventual Heisman Trophy-winning OSU quarterback Troy Smith. That helped spark Michigan's second-half rally, which came up short.
Afterward, many in the media pushed for a rematch in the 1-vs.-2 national championship game. But University of Florida head coach Urban Meyer and the SEC lobbied hard against that idea, arguing Michigan had its chance. Meyer's Gators justified their ascension to No. 2 by annihilating the Buckeyes in the title game.
“The thing I now remember most about that year,” Branch said, with little-contained bitterness, “was they didn't want a rematch in the championship game, but have decided to do nothing but rematches every time since. It's pretty ridiculous. But we were a really good core group of guys that played really hard.”
Said Graham: “That was one of the best games I've ever been a part of. For us to lose, and to see those seniors lose after the way they worked all year. It was hard. This year's Eagles team reminds me of that Michigan team, in how hard it worked. Now it's paying off for us.”
Harris sounded like a proud older brother in talking about Graham's success with the Eagles:
“He looks exactly as he did as a freshman in college,” Harris said. “Strong lower body, great break on the ball, huge personality. He's a good character kid. Last time I think I saw him was last April at the Michigan spring game. All the guys come back and we get to link back up and reminisce.”
All these years later, Branch has won two Super Bowls with New England. Neither Harris nor Graham has had that honour.
Graham suggested it's fitting that the trio is reunited on the same field for one more huge game:
“To play in a Super Bowl against those two guys is sweet. Now we're going to have even more memories to share.”
Lots of former college teammates on opposite sidelines
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. – A lot of former college teammates are playing on opposite sidelines in Super Bowl LII:
MICHIGAN, 2006: DT Alan Branch and LB David Harris (Pats); DE Brandon Graham (Eagles)
OREGON, 2006-07: S Patrick Chung (Pats); RB LeGarrette Blount (Eagles).
MICHIGAN STATE, 2007: QB Brian Hoyer (Pats); QB Nick Foles (Eagles).
SOUTH CAROLINA, 2009-11: CB Stephon Gilmore (Pats); WR Alshon Jeffery (Eagles).
STANFORD, 2009-12: CB Johnson Bademosi, DB Jordan Richards and OL Cameron Fleming (Pats); TE Zach Ertz (Eagles).
ARIZONA, 2010-11: LB Marquis Flowers (Pats); QB Nick Foles after transferring (Eagles).
FLORIDA, 2010-12: RB Mike Gillislee (Pats); TE Trey Burton and S Jaylen Watkins (Eagles).
WISCONSIN, 2010-13: RB James White (Pats); RB Corey Clement and DT Beau Allen (Eagles).
OKLAHOMA, 2011-12: DL Geneo Grissom (Pats); OT Lane Johnson (Eagles).
OREGON STATE, 2012-13: WR Brandin Cooks (Pats); OG Isaac Seumalo (Eagles).
TEXAS, 2012-14: DL Malcolm Brown (Pats); WR Marcus Johnson (Eagles).
JoKryk@postmedia.com
@JohnKryk
LONDON: Liverpool squandered a chance to exert some pressure on Premier League leaders Chelsea as Sunderland's Jermain Defoe converted two penalties to earn the Premier League strugglers a 2-2 draw at the Stadium of Light on Monday.
Sadio Mane's goal looked to have earned Liverpool a win that would have moved them within three points of Chelsea but the forward later handled the ball in the area to give in-form striker Defoe the chance to salvage a draw for his side.
Ten-man Manchester City moved up to third place, two points behind Liverpool, as they beat Burnley 2-1 at home with Gael Clichy and substitute Sergio Aguero scoring second-half goals after Fernandinho was shown a red card before the interval.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic struck his 13th league goal of the season as Manchester United won 2-0 at West Ham United to stretch their winning league run to six games, although they were helped by a 15th-minute red card for the home side's Sofiane Feghouli.
Juan Mata's superb finish from Marcus Rashford's cross had given sixth-placed United the lead as Jose Mourinho's side moved level on 39 points with fifth-placed Tottenham Hotspur and 10 behind leaders Chelsea who visit rivals Spurs on Wednesday.
Hull City's relegation worries intensified when they lost 3-1 at West Bromwich Albion despite taking the lead, while Middlesbrough eeked out a point against champions Leicester City in a drab 0-0 draw at the Riverside Stadium.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman enjoyed a 3-0 victory over his former club Southampton, although the goals scored by Enner Valencia, Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku all came late on.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp was left to rue two dropped points as his side's four-match winning run came to a halt.
"I must be honest, it doesn't feel good. It's not because of the point. It's because of two penalties in the game. That was harsh and really hard to accept," Klopp said.
Daniel Sturridge's flicked header gave second-placed Liverpool a 19th-minute lead but Defoe levelled six minutes later after Ragnar Klavan tripped Didier Ndong.
Mane's close-range finish put Liverpool back in front but he was penalised for handball six minutes from time and Defoe kept his cool to dispatch another penalty and take his league goal tally to 11 out of third-bottom Sunderland's 19 this season.
FERNANDINHO DISMISSED
Manchester City captain Fernandinho's 32nd-minute lunge on Burnley's Iceland midfielder Johann Berg Gudmundsson was deemed two-footed by referee Lee Mason and he red-carded the Brazilian who has now been sent off three times in his last six games.
Burnley were unable to capitalise on their numerical advantage though and City actually improved after the break when David Silva and Aguero were introduced off the bench.
Clichy, who had managed only one league goal in more than 100 Premier League games for City, gave his side the lead in the 58th minute with a precise shot past Burnley keeper Tom Heaton.
Four minutes later Aguero grabbed his 11th league goal of the season with a superb finish from a tight angle. Ben Mee halved the deficit 20 minutes from time and there were a few late jitters but City held on.
They have 42 points, seven behind Chelsea, but their tetchy manager Pep Guardiola was not in the mood to talk up his inconsistent side's chances of challenging for the title.
"Yesterday no. Why today are we in the title race?" the Spaniard said in a BBC interview.
United is unbeaten in the league since a 4-0 hammering by Chelsea on Oct. 23. They were not at their best against West Ham at the London Stadium but enjoyed a numerical advantage after Feghouli was harshly sent off for a tackle on Phil Jones.
"I don't feel sorry for West Ham - I didn't watch the decisions. I think if you talk about decisions, we are the champions of bad decisions," Mourinho said.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Clare Fallon and Ken Ferris)
Trump had taken heat from Democrats and Republicans alike for his response to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump, under pressure to explicitly condemn a weekend rally by white supremacists that ended in bloodshed, on Monday (Aug 14) denounced racism and slammed the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis as "repugnant."
Trump had taken heat from Democrats and Republicans alike for his response to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
A woman was killed and 19 others injured when a suspected Nazi sympathizer ploughed his car into a crowd of anti-racism protesters after a violent rally by neo-Nazis and white supremacists over the removal of a Confederate statue.
After meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and new FBI Director Christopher Wray, Trump got tough.
"Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America," Trump said in nationally televised remarks from the White House, where he travelled early on Monday to meet with his top law enforcement aides.
"Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered."
In an appearance on Saturday at his golf resort in New Jersey, Trump had faulted "many sides" for the violence but made no specific mention of the white extremists involved in the melee, some of whom wore Trump hats and T-shirts.
Earlier on Monday, Sessions said in an interview on ABC's "Good Morning America" programme that the car attack "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he told ABC.
The Justice Department has launched a civil rights inquiry in connection with the incident, and the driver, a 20-year-old Ohio man who was said to have had a history of neo-Nazi beliefs, has been charged with second-degree murder.
On Monday, a judge denied bail for the suspected attacker, James Fields.
BACKLASH MOUNTS
After a weekend of criticism of Trump from both sides of the political aisle, a prominent African-American businessman quit a presidential advisory body Monday to protest what he deemed an insufficient response.
"Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, races, sexual orientations and political beliefs," Ken Frazier, chief executive of Merck Pharmaceutical, said in announcing his resignation from Trump's American Manufacturing Council.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal," Frazier said.
"As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
Trump was quick to lash out at Frazier's move. "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!" the president said on Twitter.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
'DANGEROUS FRINGE GROUPS'
On Sunday, the White House and top administration officials strove to defend the president.
"The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred," the White House said in a statement. "Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."
On a visit to Colombia, Vice President Mike Pence said: "These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Pence also defended Trump, saying the president "clearly and unambiguously condemned the bigotry, violence and hatred" on display in Charlottesville.
The Charlottesville mayor, Michael Signer, a Democrat, however laid much of the blame for the violence directly at the president's feet, saying on CBS that Trump had created an atmosphere of "coarseness, cynicism (and) bullying."
Of the 19 people injured on Saturday, 10 remained hospitalised in good condition and nine had been released, the University of Virginia Health System said.
Two state police officers involved in the law enforcement deployment for the rally also died Saturday in a helicopter crash.
Trump faced criticism during last year's presidential campaign for failing to quickly reject a vow of support from a former Ku Klux Klan leader, David Duke, though he eventually did so. Duke attended Saturday's rally.
The president has long had a following among white supremacist groups attracted to his nationalist rhetoric on immigration and other hot-button issues.
Animal Collective released Sung Tongs, their breakthrough fourth LP, in 2004. To this day it remains my personal favorite from their discography. Here's what I wrote about it upon its 10th birthday:
“Freak-folk” was becoming a talking point by the time this album came out. Devendra Banhart, Joanna Newsom, and Sufjan Stevens had just released inspired albums, each one a weird and wonderful world unto itself. None of them were as freaky as Sung Tongs, though. By peeling back much of the clatter that defined their first three albums — no electric guitar, gentler strains of noise, mostly hand percussion — they revealed their music's glowing core. It was unlike anything I'd ever heard; I almost would have believed you if you tried to convince me this music actually was made by woodland creatures.
Last year, Avey Tare and Panda Bear, the two band members involved in the psychedelic folk-pop album's creation, performed its full tracklist in a special one-off performance for Pitchfork; we thought it was pretty cool. So naturally it's also cool that Dave Portner and Noah Lennox are taking their Sung Tongs show on the road.
This summer the two-man version of Animal Collective will perform Sung Tongs in a series of European and American dates. They'll be overseas in June and back home stateside in July. Check out the itinerary below.
TOUR DATES:
June 12 London @ Troxy
June 13 Amsterdam @ Paradiso Noord
June 14 Berlin @ Heimathafen
June 15 Copenhagen @ Vega
June 17 Paris @ Trianon
June 19 Barcelona @ Sala Apolo
June 20 Madrid @ Joy Eslava
June 21 Lisbon @ Teatro Capitolio
June 23 Athens @ Summer Nostos Festival
July 20 New York @ Town Hall*
July 21 Washington @ Lincoln Theatre*
July 23 Austin @ Paramount Theatre**
July 25 Denver @ Ogden Theatre**
July 27 Chicago @ Vic Theatre**
July 29 Seattle @ The Moore Theatre**
July 30 Oakland @ Fox Theater**
July 31 Los Angeles @ The Theatre at Ace Hotel**
*w/ Laraaji
**w/ Lonnie Holley
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Gov. Rick Snyder is ordering all state government facilities to provide recycling services within a year.
An order signed Friday instructs the Department of Technology, Management and Budget to provide all state departments with information about recycling.
Snyder also announced an initiative called Re:Source, which will promote use of recycled materials, partly by helping businesses connect with companies that buy and sell recycled paper, metal, glass and plastic.
The initiative will include a public education campaign and a push to update Michigan's solid waste laws to discourage wasteful practices such as building landfills instead of increasing recycling.
It also calls for the state to set an example by boosting recycling opportunities at state parks, rest areas and other sites.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
The Sabancı International Adana Theater Festival, which is Turkey's longest-running theater festival with a month of events, is taking place for the 20th time this year, opening on World Theater Day on March 27 and continuing until April 30. Festival tickets went on sale on Sunday, March 18.
The festival will open with the "Cuba, Percussion and Dance" show by the Cuban Habana Compas Dance Theater. The Habana Compas Dance Theater will perform a show that combines traditional and modern dance of Spanish, Cuban and Afro-Cuban culture.
Sabancı Foundation General Manager Zerrin Koyunsağan (L), State Theaters General Director Mustafa Kurt (M) and Adana State Theater Director Sevinç Gediktaş at the festival's press conference.
The festival program was announced at a press conference held in Adana with the participation of Sabancı Foundation General Manager Zerrin Koyunsağan and State Theaters General Director Mustafa Kurt. Koyunsağan said the Sabancı Foundation believes cultural and art activities should be accessible to all.
"We have been working for 44 years to support cultural and art activities and to ensure that everyone has access to equal opportunities. The International Adana Theater Festival has a special place in the projects in many fields such as folk dance, theater, cinema, archaeology and music," Koyunsağan said. "We are happy to celebrate the 20th year of this festival and to see that Turkey's longest-running theater festival has reached its 20th year. We applaud everyone who has made an effort to do their best for this 20th year of our theater festival."
Koyunsağan said the Adana Theater Festival, having begun with by the late Sakıp Sabancı, has transformed into an international festival. "The International Adana Theater Festival, which emerged as the product of the dream of making Adana a city of culture and art, has transformed this dream into a reality step by step in 20 years," Koyunsağan said. "Thanks to this festival, Adana has become the host of a festival for which people from all around Turkey eagerly wait. The Sabancı Foundation is proud to bring such a festival to our country's cultural and art life uninterrupted for 20 years."
Mustafa Kurt, the general director of State Theaters, said the Adana Theater Festival, which was launched in 1998 with the support of the late Sakıp Sabancı while he was the Director of Adana State Theaters, is now rightfully proud of being an international theater festival worldwide.
"Mağrur Fil Ölüleri" will be performed by Semaver Kumpanya at the festival.
"As every year, in the 20th year of our festival, we will bring together the people of Adana with important theater troupes of our country and distinguished plays and performances from around the world. This important cultural event has been organized in Adana for many years with the valuable contribution of Sabancı Family," Sabancı said. "I hereby express my gratitude to the Culture and Tourism Ministry and Culture and Tourism Minister Numan Kurtulmuş as well as the Sabancı Family, Güler Sabancı and Sabancı Foundation General Manager Zerrin Koyunsağan for their contribution to theater. I hope our festival will be beneficial to the people of Adana and that all audiences will have a pleasant month of theater."
Program has the record number of plays
"Cuba, Percussion and Dance" from Cuba, "Best of the Yllana" and "Loners" from Spain, "Godos" from Lithuania, "Theater Delusio" from Germany and "Peter Kuster" from Slovenia will be staged this year.
The Adana Theater Festival will have the most plays ever this year with 30 different plays, including six theater troupes from abroad, four state theater troupes, four municipal and 15 private from Turkey. "The 39 Steps" by Eskişehir City Theater, "Mağrur Fil Ölüleri" (Proud, Dead Elephants) by Semaver Kumpanya, "Joko's Birthday" by Yolcu Tiyatro, "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" by Mam Art, "The Zoo Story" by Çolpan Ilhan and Sadri Alışık Theater, "Çocuk İstiyorum" (I Want a Child) and "The Child Behind The Eyes" by Tiyatro Keyfi, "Sızı" (Pain) by Istanbul City Theaters, "Boyacı" (Painter) by Adana Metropolitan Municipality City Theater, "Asiye Nasıl Kurtulur" (How Can Asiye Get Around) by Seyhan Municipality Theater "Radyo-yu Hümayun" (Radio Hümayun) by Ankara State Theater and "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves" by Adana State Theater will be staged throughout the month.
Three open-air productions this year
State Theaters-Sabancı International Adana Theater Festival will increase the number of outdoor shows to three this year. The Habana Compas Dance Theater will perform an open-air flamenco show. The Bursa State Theater Locals will perform "Bana Mastikayı Çalsana" (Play Mastika to Me) and Antalya State Theater will perform "Deli Dumrul" (Crazy Dumrul) in Merkez Park.
Young artists from around Turkey
The festival continues to support young artists from around Turkey and includes alternative theater groups this year, as well. "Ben, Frida Kahlo – Otoportre" ("I, Frida Kahlo, Autoportre") by Ankara Devinim Theater, "Guards at the Taj" by B Planı, "Ortanca" (Middle) by İsimsiz Sahne, "Sen Istanbul'dan Daha Güzelsin" (You are More Beautiful than Istanbul) by Bam Tiyatro, "Söz" (Promise) by Sand Area, "Artık Sığınağın Kalmadı" (You Don't Have a Shelter Anymore) by Tiyatro Kast, "Kırık Bebek ve Diva" (The Broken Doll and Diva) by Performans Theater, "Shakespeare Perisi" (The Shakespearean Fairy) by Shakespeare and Music Theater and "Posta" (Post) by Sahne Daktilo are included in the festival program. There will also be workshops on photography, makeup, fairy tales and glass workmanship.
Sakıp Sabancı Lifetime Achievement Award
The Sakıp Sabancı Lifetime Achievement Award, which has been given out since 2005 to expressing gratitude and respect for pioneering figures who have made important contributions to the development of theater, will be presented at the opening ceremony of the festival. Formidable figures who have received the lifetime achievement awarded include Cüneyt Gökçer (2005), Macide Tanır (2006), Bozkurt Kuruç (2007), Yıldız Kenter (2008), Genco Erkal (2009), Müşfik Kenter (2010), Gülriz Sururi (2011), Haldun Dormen (2012), Rutkay Aziz (2013), Prof. Zeliha Berksoy (2014), Cihan Ünal (2015), Erdal Özyağcılar (2016) and Ayten Gökçer (2017).
Festival reaches 1 million people
The International Adana Theater Festival, which brings together local and foreign theater groups in Adana and Istanbul every year, has hosted 110 foreign theater groups from 42 countries and over 6,000 foreign and local artists. Including plays staged by private theaters from Turkey and the State Theater, 381 plays and close to 1,000 presentations have been held to date. Around 1 million people attend the plays at the festival.
James Franklin made his first start in the CFL against the Argos when he suited up for Edmonton.
He'll now make his starting debut for Toronto against the Eskimos, one of those sporting coincidences not lost on Franklin.
The kid has all the potential to shine and his moment as an Argo arrives this Saturday when the Eskimos visit BMO Field, the first of a home and home between the clubs.
Franklin served as the short-yardage quarterback, including near the goal line, in Week 1 when the Argos played the host Riders.
In Toronto's home opener against Calgary, Franklin came off the bench for an injured Ricky Ray, extending plays by using his feet and scoring his second rushing touchdown in as many weeks.
Backups don't get many, if any, reps with the first-team offence, but it all changes for Franklin this week.
In such a performance-based business such as football, Franklin has the chance to literally and figuratively run with the ball.
Head coach Marc Trestman liked what he saw when Franklin came off the bench against Calgary.
“He has an excellent demeanour,'' said the head coach. “He's even-keeled and he's a very good competitor. He's the earned the respect and confidence from his teammates.”
The system Trestman runs on offence won't change, but clearly it'll be up to Trestman to put Franklin in position to make plays.
“Can it evolve? Certainly,'' said Trestman about the nuances of the offence and the potential for change in schematics based on what Franklin shows.
It's sad that Franklin will get his shot at the expense of Ricky Ray, the much-respected and admired veteran who left Toronto's home opener with a neck injury after being carted off the field.
Franklin's familiarity with the Eskimos personnel and defensive philosophy can't hurt.
What also works in his favour is the extra week he was afforded to mentally prepare for his starting debut, a luxury afforded because the Argos did have a bye.
“I don't know what they (Eskimos) are going to do exactly, but it does give me a little bit of comfort knowing I have gone up against them for a few years,'' said Franklin. “At the same time they can do something completely different.”
Like any quarterback, Franklin must take control of the huddle, be decisive in his progression, deliver the football and when things break down it'll be up to him to extend plays with his athleticism.
“It'll be important to try not to do too much, but do enough to where they (Argo teammates) can get behind me.”
No one could have envisioned Franklin starting under these circumstances, but at the same time no one can control injuries.
“It's definitely exciting,'' Franklin said of starting. “It's also tough because I've had injuries before and I feel bad for Ricky having this taken away from him. That's really been the hardest part. I feel for him. It's difficult, but I am excited to get out there and play and help our team get its first win.”
LIFE AS AN ARGO MADE EASIER THESE DAYS
There are too many venues to count, too many locations that would serve as practice sites for the Argos in recent memory.
The team is now based at BMO Field with nearby Lamport Stadium as the designated practice facility, an arrangement that will allow the Argos to take full advantage of the 41/2-hour window mandate by the CFL.
In other words, no more wasted time having to spend upwards of 40 minutes on a bus.
“The house doesn't make the house, the family makes the house,'' said head coach Marc Trestman. “We've got a great family here and we have an environment that's conducive to helping us win.”
MLSE has provided the resources to consolidate how the Argos meet, eat, maintain their body, work out, you name it and players and coaches will have access.
The team is also using chartered planes for road games.
“First and foremost the product on the field has to be great,'' said veteran offensive lineman Chris Van Zeyl, who is all too aware of the fire that erupted in 2012 when the team was based at U of T's Mississauga campus.
Van Zeyl likes how the Lamport playing surface is soft.
“It's a situation where every day guys will know where we'll be, where we'll go,'' added Van Zeyl. “Come free agency, this will be attractive for players.”
Whether it was Don Bosco, high schools in Oakville, Hershey Centre, Downsview Park, the stress level increased when a practice field needed to be arranged.
“This is huge for us,'' said veteran linebacker Marcus Ball. “Not dealing with that stress is a plus.”
WHITE BROTHER COULD FACE EACH OTHER THIS SUMMER
Pro football is so fluid, so cut-throat, that it would be foolish for anyone to look beyond that particular day.
But every so often the mind drifts and while it seems almost too good to be true the CFL may soon see two brothers competing against each other, twins who were born one minute apart.
With the arrival of receiver Myles White to the Argos and with former Argos defensive back Mitchell White with the Als, Toronto's visit to Montreal on Aug. 24 has the potential for the twins to battle each other.
The only time the Mitchell brothers go toe to toe is during the off-season.
Mitchell has won Grey Cups in back-to-back seasons, first in Ottawa and last fall as an Argo.
He rejoined the Als, a team that gave Mitchell his CFL start, in free agency.
Myles has spent time in the NFL and was invited this season to Winnipeg's training camp before being released.
With the NFL's New York Jets, Myles got to know Argos defensive end Frank Beltre.
Myles and Argos offensive lineman Will Campbell competed against each other at the high school level, the two hailing from Michigan.
“I love it,'' said Myles of the CFL game. “For an American it's different at first because of the waggle. In my opinion, that's the only drastic difference between the two games. Once you figure it out and get a grasp on it, it's the same old game we all love and enjoy playing.
“It's exciting. It's exciting to be here. (Head coach Marc) Trestman and (GM) Jim Popp run a great organization and I'm just thankful.”
Because of their stunning likeness, Myles White says the transition to a locker room is made easier knowing his new teammates are familiar with Mitchell.
“It's a familiar face, but a different person,'' said Myles. “It's been good for me.”
Myles has seen both of Mitchell White's Grey Cup rings.
“I'm a little jealous. I wanted to come up here and do a little catch up.”
For those wondering about the origin of his name, Myles White can thank the nurse who oversaw the delivery.
“My brother and I had specific names at first and then the nurse suggested to my mom that I looked like a Myles and they ran with it,'' said Myles. “That's as far as the history goes with me.”
20th Century Fox has just released "Meeting Bad Ape," a new clip and poster from War For the Planet of The Apes, the culminating chapter of the latest Planet of the Apes trilogy. In War For the Planet of the Apes, Caesar and his band of Simian brothers discover an unknown, newly evolved 'brother' named "Bad Ape" (Steve Zahn), an escapee from a zoo. For the first time in the trilogy, Caesar and his apes discover someone from outside their tribe, marking a critical moment in the war between Humans and Apes.
This three and a half minute clip, courtesy of 20th Century Fox, comes just a week after fans got their first look at another new character, a young human girl named Nova, who is taken in by Maurice (Karin Konoval), much to the chagrin of Caesar (Andy Serkis). When Steve Zahn signed on to star back in October 2015, it was only revealed that he was playing a new ape character, although it wasn't revealed if he has any connection to Caesar. Now we know that isn't the case, with this sneak peek beginning with a mysterious figure stealing one of the apes' horses, but when Caesar and the rest of his group track him down, they learn he's an ape just like them.
The clip reveals that when B.A. saw the girl Nova, he thought they were human. But now he sees they're apes just like him. He tells Caesar that he's been living in an abandoned building for a long, long time. He then shows Caesar a plush toy that has a Sierra Zoo logo on the bottom, with this "Bad Ape" telling Caesar that was his home. But all the other apes from the zoo have died. He also says that he learned to speak from watching the humans, revealing his name is "Bad Ape," because that's what the humans at the zoo called him. This video ends with quite a bang, revealing one of the humans' military facilities.
In celebration of finding his "new friends," this "Bad Ape" runs off to get these apes some food, giving them Meals Ready to Eat (MRE) from the "California Border Quarantine Facility" at Tower Rock. When Caesar asks him where he got this, "Bad Ape" described it as a "bad place" and a "human zoo," where we get a glimpse at Woody Harrelson's character known as The Colonel, who is seen standing next to a particularly large ape and a number of heavily-armed soldiers, who are all seemingly preparing for war. However, when Caesar asks "Bad Ape" to take him there, he refuses, saying it's a bad place, and since there is more snow coming, they can't go. It seems this facility could be a key location in this war between humans and apes, which will unfold in theaters exactly one month from today.
In War for the Planet of the Apes, the third chapter of the critically acclaimed blockbuster franchise, Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless Colonel. After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As Caesar's journey finally brings him face to face with The Colonel, they are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both their species and the future of the planet. Take a look at this new sneak peek and poster introducing "Bad Ape" from War for the Planet of the Apes, in theaters July 14.
0
After years of stops and starts with different filmmaker and star combos, Warner Bros.' remake of A Star Is Born has finally started production. Back in 2011, WB favorite Clint Eastwood was attached to direct with Beyonce starring, but they had trouble nailing down a male lead as Leonardo DiCaprio, Christian Bale, and Tom Cruise passed in favor of other projects. Then Beyonce's pregnancy put her involvement into doubt, and eventually Eastwood himself moved on. But the project gained new momentum in 2015 when Bradley Cooper not only signed on to star, but to make his directorial debut on the film, and he swiftly landed Lady Gaga as his leading lady.
Filming has begun with Cooper and Gaga (real name Stefanie Germanotta) as well as supporting cast members Andrew Dice Clay and Sam Elliott, with Gaga composing and performing original songs in the film. The official synopsis is as follows:
Cooper plays Jackson Maine, a country music star who is on the brink of decline when he discovers a talented unknown named Ally (Germanotta). As the two begin a passionate love affair, Jack coaxes Ally into the spotlight, catapulting her to stardom. But as Ally's career quickly eclipses his own, Jack finds it increasingly hard to handle his fading glory.
A Star Is Born was first made in 1937 with Janet Gaynor and Fredric March, revolving around an aging, self-destructive actor who helps an aspiring actress reach her dreams of stardom. Then came a 1954 remake with Judy Garland and a 1976 remake starring Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand, both of which switched the profession from acting to singer-songwriter.
The country music genre focus is a tad surprising, and it'll certainly be interesting to hear what kind of tracks Gaga writes for the film. Matty Libatique (Black Swan, Iron Man) is serving as cinematographer for Cooper's directorial debut, and they're going to be shooting some scenes at Coachella to capture performances pieces, which should fit in quite nicely. Cooper is producing the film alongside Bill Gerber, Jon Peters, Todd Phillips, and Lynette Howell Taylor. Cooper also co-wrote the script with Eric Roth (Forrest Gump, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button) and Will Fetters (The Best of Me) based on a story by William A. Wellman and Robert Carson.
Take a look at the debut image below. Production will take place entirely in Southern California and A Star Is Born will hit theaters on September 28, 2018.
MOSCOW: As Didier Deschamps plots another World Cup title tilt with France, Kylian Mbappe, who was not even born when his coach lifted the trophy in 1998, has become an indispensable figure for Les Bleus.
It was only two-and-a-half years ago that the teenager made his professional debut, but the rise of Mbappe - the second-most expensive player in history - has been meteoric.
Advertisement
After winning successive French league crowns with Monaco and then Paris Saint-Germain, the 19-year-old announced himself on the global stage by knocking Lionel Messi's Argentina out of the last 16 in Russia.
With Cristiano Ronaldo, a childhood hero of Mbappe's, crashing out of the competition on the same day with Portugal, it felt like a passing of the torch to a new generation.
Mbappe's breathtaking acceleration and steely composure were used to devastating effect as he became the first teenager since Pele 60 years ago to score at least twice in a World Cup match.
"I gave Kylian a new nickname, it's 37, because he reached a peak of 37kmph against Argentina," said France teammate Florian Thauvin.
Advertisement
Advertisement
To put his searing speed into context, triple Olympic 100-metre champion Usain Bolt's career peak was clocked at 44.72 kmph during his world record run at the 2009 world championships.
And while Mbappe may be the game's new superstar, the French teenage sensation is not forgetting his roots.
Kylian Mbappe scored twice as France beat Argentina 4-3 in the World Cup last 16. (Photo: AFP/Franck Fife)
According to L'Equipe, he has promised to donate his World Cup bonus to organise sporting initiatives for children in hospital.
He will likely find a robust Uruguay defence far less charitable, but former France defender Lilian Thuram expects Mbappe to thrive on the challenge.
"He is young, and young players really enjoy themselves when the standard of the opposition increases," said Thuram.
"MORE TALENT" THAN POGBA
France great Thierry Henry, who followed a similar trajectory to the top as Mbappe, cited the latter's intelligence as the driving force behind his success.
"When I watch him dribble, he's thinking," Henry said in an interview with Canal+.
"There's something that gets me going and saddens me at times. We often speak of a player and say: 'He's fast, he's tough, he jumps high', but we never speak about a player's brain.
"He thinks when he plays, and that for me is the most important thing in a player, he uses his brain," explained Henry.
"It's the sign of a guy who can go very far."
Ludovic Batelli, coach of the France team that won the Under-19 European Championship in 2016, said Mbappe had a rare level of maturity for someone so young.
"He has this clear-headedness, this sangfroid in front of goal which is the mark of great goalscorers," said Batelli.
"It's often acquired more in the second part of one's career. He has it at a very, very young age. It's what is going to allow him to become a future great."
Mbappe scored 21 goals in his first season in Paris after joining the club in a monumental deal worth an eventual 180 million euros (US$210 million).
Paul Pogba, one of the cornerstones of the current France side, said Mbappe has only just scratched the surface of what he is capable of achieving.
"He's got a lot more talent than me," Pogba said of Mbappe. "And he's not going to stop there. He's got so much talent."
Tue, Feb 14: Mount Royal University President David Docherty says students are banding together in the wake of the death of two instructors.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Share:
SIALKOT:- Two persons died due to scorching heat amidst prolonged loadshedding in Sialkot
district on Tuesday. Allah Rakha (68) in Pasrur and an unknown addict in Sambrial could survive in the simmering hot weather. The people experienced the hot day amid hours long power outages in Sialkot, Daska, Sambrial and Pasrur. All the city roads , bazaars and markets presented a deserted look as Sialkot sizzled at 43 degree celsius. Public transport also remained thin on main roads. –Staff Reporter
Dreaming of a state-run single-payer healthcare system? Wake up and enter the real world. Want universal healthcare for all Americans? Medicare for all is the solution.
Not this year or next, but possibly in the future — when Democrats recapture the presidency and Congress.
That's the clear-eyed, pragmatic fight to engage in, and one advocated by U.S. Rep. John Garamendi (D-Walnut Grove), a longtime healthcare warrior.
“Medicare is far, far more efficient than private insurance companies,” he said. “Using the tax system to collect money for healthcare delivery is extremely efficient. No profits. No commissions. No advertising.”
Garamendi, 72, earned his healthcare credentials decades ago. He has been fighting for universal coverage since Jerry Brown was governor the first time.
The congressman, whose mostly rural district covers the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta and spreads into eight counties, was first elected to the state Assembly in 1974. Later, he moved to the state Senate, where he headed the Health and Welfare Committee.
Garamendi became California's first elected state insurance commissioner and won legislative passage of a bill to create a commission that would have devised a universal healthcare system. But Gov. Pete Wilson vetoed the measure. Garamendi's reform plan, however, became the model for President Clinton's ill-fated healthcare proposal in 1993.
In 1994, Garamendi ran for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination, advocating a top-to-bottom healthcare overhaul. He lost to then-state Treasurer Kathleen Brown, Jerry's sister.
After a stint as Clinton's deputy Interior secretary, Garamendi again was elected insurance commissioner, later became lieutenant governor and left for Congress in 2009.
So Garamendi has paid his healthcare and political dues. A dawn-to-midnight workaholic who grew up on a cattle ranch in the Sierra gold country, he has won and lost but always spoken his mind.
And he believes California has virtually no chance of going it alone on a single-payer system with the state handling everyone's healthcare coverage.
“It would be very difficult, particularly given the present federal government,” he told me.
That's an understatement. It would require permission by the Republican-controlled Congress and President Trump for California to use federal Medicare and Medi-Cal money to finance its own healthcare system. That's not possible.
Plus, let's face it, there are about 6 million California seniors on Medicare. They're frequent voters. Think they're going to trust Sacramento to take over their Medicare coverage? Think again.
Dr. Steve Tarzynski, president of the California Physicians Alliance, agrees.
“The reality is that at the moment, a single-payer bill cannot pass” the Legislature, he wrote in a recent Times opinion piece. “Fighting for one in the immediate term is a waste of time.”
Maybe in the future, he continued. But for now “millions of California voters with relatively good insurance coverage and those on Medicare are fearful of a radical change in their protections.”
The state Senate blindly passed an exorbitantly expensive — $400 billion a year — single-payer bill June 1. Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon (D-Paramount) wisely quashed it, calling the measure “woefully incomplete.” Now bellicose single-payer bullies are threatening to recall him.
Brown already had dismissed the measure.
“Where do you get the extra money?” the governor asked. “I don't even get it.”
Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, who is running for governor, called the bill “snake oil.”
Single-payer pushers in Sacramento — the California Nurses Assn. — tried to sell their skimpy proposal as Medicare for all. But in reality it was just the opposite. It would have wiped out Medicare in California, grabbed the federal money and forced seniors into the new state program.
Updates from Sacramento »
Garamendi wrote an op-ed piece for the Sacramento Bee advocating an eventual Medicare-for-all program nationally. It would be “by far the simplest solution” to achieving universal coverage, he said.
“Medicare is one of our most trusted and popular government programs,” he asserted. “For more than 50 years, Americans have trusted Medicare to provide care to the elderly and disabled, funded by the payroll taxes of American workers…. Medicare spending rises at a much slower rate than private insurance…. It could be modified and expanded to cover more people….
“It is an idea whose time is coming.”
It's coming, but it's not here yet — not with Trump and the GOP controlling Washington.
Unlike single-payer, Medicare for all would allow beneficiaries to buy supplemental private insurance, as many seniors do now.
Garamendi told me he wouldn't attempt to increase current benefits. Nor would he try to cover immigrants here illegally. Those would be poison pills politically.
For people fearful of government-run healthcare — the old “socialized medicine” bugaboo — Garamendi notes that much of America already is covered by government insurance.
There are more than 46 million seniors and 9 million disabled on Medicare. About 75 million are enrolled in Medicaid for the poor, called Medi-Cal in California. Roughly 22 million federal, state and local government employees benefit from government-funded healthcare. So do 1.3 million military personnel. That totals almost half the population.
In California, the main focus should be on pressuring Congress to retain and patch up the Affordable Care Act, which has reduced the number of uninsured in this state from roughly 7 million to less than 3 million. The GOP's repeal threat has been beaten back, but it isn't dead.
The governor and Legislature can keep making incremental healthcare improvements in California by continuing to restore Medi-Cal benefits that were severely cut during the recession.
Andrew Luck of the Indianapolis Colts, three months removed from shoulder surgery, showed up for opening day of offseason workouts looking fit, trim and minus the sling he'd been wearing to protect his right arm but unsure of when he'll start throwing passes.
The hope is that the quarterback, who has endured two consecutive injury-plagued seasons and acknowledged Monday for the first time that his physical woes began in Week 3 of the 2015 season, will be sound enough to return to action for the start of training camp.
“There were times when, yeah, you play through pain, and there are times when you feel great. I've played through pain every year,” Luck said. “It was a little different beast (last year) in that my practice schedule was different and altered. And there were times during the year where I would get hit in an awkward way, and it would hurt.”
Until Luck is ready to go, Scott Tolzien and Stephen Morris will run plays. They are the only other quarterbacks on Indy's roster.
Etc.
The Carolina Panthers made sure that Kawann Short's contract situation wasn't going to end the same way Josh Norman's did a year ago, signing their franchise player to a five-year contract extension that will keep the Pro Bowl defensive tackle with the team through the 2021 season. The deal is worth $80 million, according to a person familiar with the negotiations.
Last year, the Panthers placed the franchise tag on Norman, an All-Pro cornerback, only to later rescind the offer after being unable to reach terms on a contract extension. Norman became a free agent and signed a blockbuster deal a few days later with a Washington Redskins.
::
A former NFL agent pleaded guilty in Hillsborough, N.C., to violating North Carolina's sports agent law by providing thousands of dollars in improper benefits to three former Tar Heels football players to entice them into signing contracts with him.
Terry Watson, 43, of Marietta, Ga., entered his plea in a deal to resolve 31/2-year-old felony charges. Watson received 30 months of probation and a $5,000 fine, while Judge Graham Shirley issued a suspended jail sentence of six to eight months.
PHOENIX — Oscar-nominated writer Joe Bologna died Sunday. He was 82.
Bologna died in the Los Angeles area after a three-year battle against pancreatic cancer, his manager Matt Sherman told The Associated Press.
The actor and director was married to actress Renee Taylor, who credited his doctors for prolonging his life so he could receive a lifetime achievement award at the Night of 100 Stars for the Actors' Fund of America on Feb. 26.
“He had a beautiful life,” Taylor said in a statement.
Born Dec. 30, 1934, Bologna was a native to Brooklyn, New York. After he graduated from Brown University with a degree in art history, Bologna served in the Marines.
Bologna and Taylor married in 1965.
“Joe was a loveable man, a kind soul, a good friend and always a pleasure to be with,” Sherman said.
Bologna was nominated for an Oscar in 1971 for best adapted screenplay for “Lovers and Other Strangers.” He won an Emmy in 1973.
He had a string of television appearances, but he was best known for the 1982 comedy “My Favorite Year.”
Bologna was a voice actor for the 2006 animated film “Ice Age: The Meltdown” and had a role in the 1999 Adam Sandler comedy “Big Daddy.”
As Madhya Pradesh continues to grapple with Mandsaur and Satna rape cases, another case has surfaced in Sagar district.This time, a 14-year-old girl was abducted and raped by four men from near her school in village Kachhiyajaitpur on Wednesday morning, the police said. The three of the four accused are minors, the police added.The four men, aided by a woman, dumped the girl back near the school. A passer-by then spotted her and informed the family which had been looking for their daughter since morning.The girl was rushed to a hospital and her statement was recorded by the police. Her condition was stated to be stable.The five accused, including the woman who is also the mother of one of the accused, were arrested later.The girl's family alleged delay in police action and the treatment at hospital. The police denied the allegations. “As we got the information from the family, we nabbed the accused by noon,” said Satyendra Shukla, Superintend of Police, Sagar.
Team Sky have named Britain's Chris Froome in their team for the Giro d'Italia starting next month despite the ongoing investigation into his adverse doping test.
REUTERS: Team Sky have named Britain's Chris Froome in their team for the Giro d'Italia starting next month despite the ongoing investigation into his adverse doping test.
Briton Froome, 32, is fighting to clear his name after an increased dosage of asthma medication at the Vuelta a Espana last year threw up an adverse analytical finding from a urine sample.
The four-times Tour de France winner's sample showed double the allowed limit of Salbutamol but Froome has denied any wrongdoing and is free to race because he is not suspended.
Froome, who has not ridden in the Giro since 2010 and has never won it, will be aiming to become the first rider to complete the Giro/Tour double for 20 years.
Italian Marco Pantani was the last man to achieve the feat in 1998.
The three-week 3546.2​km Giro begins in Jerusalem on May 4. The Tour de France starts two months later.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
The toilets of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, are finally safe.
Sheboygan police arrested a 33-year-old man Monday on suspicion that he's the vandal who spent the past two years clogging a public toilet more than two dozen times. Repairing clog after clog has drained thousands in taxpayer funds from the city, which is perched on Lake Michigan north of Milwaukee. Police have not named the suspect.
The Memorial Day arrest came following a tip from a citizen, police said.
The villain's clogging tool was an unconventional one, according to police. He would take a 20-ounce soda bottle and jam it into a women's toilet at the Deland Community Center in the city. Once he'd lodged a bottle deep in the pipes, the vandal would run off — leaving behind a messy surprise for the city to clean up.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
In March, the city got desperate enough that police issued a plea for help on Facebook.
“This is very strange … and gross, but that is the reality of life,” the city's police department wrote at the time, begging for leads or tips.
Police said in March that surveillance cameras suggested a man was to blame. Commenters on Facebook said the city should have installed cameras years ago to catch the culprit and avoid paying to clean up after him.
As of March, the serial clogger had struck three times just this year, according to Joe Kerlin, the city's parks and forestry superintendent. But the clogger had been even busier in past years, Kerlin told the Sheboygan Press — blocking the same public women's toilet 14 times in 2017, and 12 the year before.
That substantial tally (29 cloggings — but who's counting?) only includes incidents since the city began keeping track, Kerlin told the newspaper. And it wasn't until halfway into 2016 it dawned on authorities that a serial clogger was on the loose. Kerlin estimated that the city has spent between $2,000 and $3,000 dealing with the clogger's reign of terror.
“A lot of times we can just fish 'em out,” Kerlin told the newspaper, describing the best case scenario. Especially obstinate bottles mean plumbers have to remove the entire toilet.
The case has been passed off to the Sheboygan County District Attorney's Office for charges to be filed, WBAY reports.
Georges Leekens, who recently resigned as head coach for the Algeria Desert Foxes has been named among the 8 shortlisted for Rwanda National …
Rwead more
ADVERTISEMENT
It is true to say that the advent of the internet brought the chance for users to witness all manner of weird and wonderful new sights in the comfort of their own homes. In early 2017 a sizable slice of the online world was enthralled by a very novel experience – the live streaming of a giraffe enduring pregnancy. One woman keeping an eye on the developing situation was South Carolina's Erin Dietrich. She was heavy with her fourth child at the time, and the expectant elongated African mammal inspired the mom to put on a brave face.
Dietrich lives and works as a photographer in the vacation city of Myrtle Beach, SC. Indeed, the 30-year-old's dedicated Facebook community page is full of informal family portrait shots. She met her husband and the father of her own four-strong brood, 31-year-old Scott, when she was just a teenager. Dietrich celebrated the fact in May 2018, writing, “16-year-old me picked a real gem,” in a Facebook update to mark the pair's 11-year wedding anniversary.
ADVERTISEMENT
The mom continued, “It's been a wild, crazy, not-always-easy road, but there isn't anyone else I'd rather do this life with.” In addition, Dietrich also called Scott “a true role model,” and declared that he was “the best father I could ever dream of” to their quartet of kids.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
BAGHDAD: A service member from the international coalition fighting Islamic State was killed in a "non-combat related incident" in Iraq on Monday, the U.S. military said.
The Combined Joint Strike Force did not disclose the name, nationality or the circumstances surrounding the person's death but said in a statement that the incident was under investigation.
(Reporting By Stephen Kalin, editing by Larry King)
Hundreds of people are believed to have been killed when a mudslide struck the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown on Monday, Vice President Victor Foh said.
The Red Cross put the number of bodies so far at the central morgue at 179.
Earlier, an official at the morgue at Connaught Hospital in Freetown said it had received 70 bodies and police and soldiers were bringing in more.
The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are recovered, Red Cross spokesman Abu Bakarr Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Foh told Reuters at the scene in the mountain town of Regent. He said a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area.
"The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken," he said. "We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Standing in the rain, people cried and gestured towards a muddy hillside where dozens of houses once stood, a Reuters witness said.
Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa, where deforestation and poor town planning has put residents at risk.
(Additional reporting by Umaru Fofana, Writing by Nellie Peyton; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
A former professional footballer is to be sentenced for a sex attack on a young woman as she slept in her bed.
Ex-Manchester City and Celtic player Chris Killen was in a "stupefied state" from alcohol when he went into the spare bedroom of the house the woman was staying in, in Bury, Greater Manchester, and touched her sexually.
Killen admitted a single charge of sexual assault shortly before he was due to go on trial before a jury at Minshull Street Crown Court, Manchester, on June 21 - having earlier pleaded not guilty.
He was due to be sentenced on Monday, but the case was re-listed for Tuesday.
New Zealand-born Killen represented his country in the 2010 World Cup after playing for Middlesbrough and Celtic and starting his career with Manchester City as a trainee.
His playing career also included stints at Hibernian, Norwich, Oldham Athletic, Port Vale and Wrexham.
Defence counsel Lisa Judge said that Killen, of London Road, Adlington, near Macclesfield, had "no relevant" previous convictions.
On Monday, commoners and celebrities alike stared at screens in awe as photos of Kate Middleton surfaced. About seven hours after giving birth, the Duchess of Cambridge emerged on the hospital steps showing off her baby — as well as a gorgeous blowout, a custom-made dress, a fresh face of makeup, and high heels. And just like you, when Serena Williams saw the photos, she couldn't believe how flawless and well-rested Middleton looked. And Serena Williams had the best response to Kate Middleton giving birth, because she was in just as much wonderment as everyone else.
"I was really busy, but I saw the baby, and Kate was dressed, and I was like, 'Oh, maybe she had him a couple days ago,'" Williams told POPSUGAR in an interview, as reported by Marie Claire. "That's one heck of a woman! Let me tell you: I was not in heels [after I gave birth]. I thought she gave birth maybe two days before! Wow."
Williams' reaction pretty much sums up how most people felt about Middleton's post-birth look. "Kate Middleton looks better after having a baby just hour ago than I ever will," joked one Twitterer. "Kate Middleton always has these 'just had a baby this morning but still flawless' looks. Like she's wearing heels," tweeted another.
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
It's no surprise that Middleton's post-baby look would impress so many people — even the incomparable Serena Williams, who has 23 Grand Slam titles, four Olympic gold medals, and is regarded as one of the greatest tennis players in the world. Williams welcomed her first child on Sept. 1, 2017, along with her husband Alexis Ohanian: a daughter named Alexis Olympia. That being said, Williams did have some complications while giving birth that caused her and her daughter to have to stay in the hospital for a week after the birth.
Williams briefly discussed their prolonged hospital stay in a video that her husband shared in celebration of their daughter's birth. "So we're leaving the hospital after six, seven days? Six days? It's been a long time," she told the camera. "We had a lot of complications, but look what we got. We got a baby girl."
In January, Williams further opened up about her birth complications in an interview with Vogue. She had to deliver via emergency C-section, because her baby's heart rate became too low. Everything was then fine, until the following day, when a few small blood clots appeared in Williams' lungs. After doctors treated the blood clots, a coughing fit caused Williams' C-section wound to pop open. This meant she had to go in for another surgery, and during this procedure, doctors found a hematoma that had flooded her abdomen, requiring yet another surgery.
Alexis Ohanian on YouTube
Williams' first few days after giving birth to her baby certainly looked different than Middleton's, considering the duchess got to leave the hospital just hours after her son came into the world. Regardless, all seems to be well with Williams and her daughter now — not to mention, there are plenty of people in awe of how quickly the tennis pro bounced back after giving birth. Less than four months Alexis Jr. was born, Williams played her first post-pregnancy tennis match, as reported by The Hollywood Reporter. Even though Williams didn't win, she was still proud of her performance. Following the match, she said:
I don't think I am going to rate my performance ... I have plenty of comebacks, from injuries, from surgeries, but I've never had a comeback after actually giving birth to a human being. So, in my eyes, I feel it was a wonderful, wonderful match for me.
And if anyone understands a pregnancy comeback, that'd be Serena Williams.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde pinpointed former Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata as one of the main threats Chelsea poses to his side in the Champions League last 16.
MADRID: Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde pinpointed former Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata as one of the main threats Chelsea poses to his side in the Champions League last 16.
The Catalan side have been pitted against the team they lost to in the 2011-2012 semi-finals, with Chelsea going on to win the tournament for the first and only time.
Valverde, whose side have won five European Cups, acknowledged the difficulty of facing the English champions.
"It's a tough draw for us because of the magnitude of the opposition," he said. "Chelsea are champions of the Premier League but we're excited about the tie, even though it will be difficult.
"Chelsea is a strong and physical team, with a clear tactical system in place. They take advantage of the physical nature of the Premier League well.
"With the signing of Morata they've added pace in attack, while (Eden) Hazard is very good between the lines."
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Rik Sharma, editing by Ed Osmond)
Lauryn Hill, Common and En Vogue will perform opening night at the third annual SeriesFest in Denver, Colorado, this summer.
In addition to the three musical headliners, CNN will also host the world premiere of “Isn't It Ironic? The Music of the Nineties,” an installment of CNN's upcoming series “The Nineties,” which highlights defining moments and influential people of the decade, at the festival's opening night.
The festival begins June 27 and runs through July 2, kicking off at the Red Rocks Amphitheatre.
“We are proud to partner with CNN Originals for a special evening that celebrates the power of storytelling across all genres — music, art, and television,” says SeriesFest CEO, Randi Kleiner. “Our lineup was carefully curated to showcase iconic ‘90s artists who shaped music history and whose songs tell the stories of the decade.”
SeriesFest: Season 3 celebrates episodic storytelling by showcasing the most exciting episodic television series from around the world. SeriesFest also provides a global marketplace for developers and industry professionals to come together.
SeriesFest will also continue its Independent Pilot Competition this year, featuring the latest exciting content created by emerging writers, topical panels, and Storytellers Initiative writing competition.
Common and Hill follow last year's SeriesFest opening night performer, Sia.
SYDNEY: Officials at an Australian immigration centre in Papua New Guinea are increasing pressure on asylum seekers to return to their home countries voluntarily, including offering large sums of money, amid fears a deal for the United States to take refugees has fallen through.
About a dozen Bangladeshi and Nepalese asylum seekers on Manus Island told Reuters they are being repeatedly called to meet with Australian officials and pressured to take amounts of up to US$25,000 to return to those countries, or face deportation.
The men, who have been ruled ineligible for refugee status by Papua New Guinea, said officials are also acting with urgency on deportation notices filed weeks or months ago. At least one Nepalese man was removed from his accommodation in the middle of the night last week, they said.
"They told me and others that if you go back voluntarily you will get money about US$20,000, if you guys go in group you will get more money," detainee Mohammad Bilal, a crane driver who says he fled Bangladesh for political reasons, told Reuters about a meeting with Australian officials last week.
Offering money to failed asylum seekers to return home is not illegal. However, the sums being offered by Australian officials have more than doubled since a year ago, and are far above the funds being offered elsewhere.
Germany, for example, recently announced plans to offer up to 1,200 euros (US$1,275) to asylum seekers to voluntarily return home.
"Substantial assistance packages are available to help non-refugees depart voluntarily, return home and re-establish their lives in their home country," Australia's immigration department said in an emailed statement to Reuters. "In cases where non-refugees refuse to depart voluntarily, the government of PNG has indicated that it will enforce the removal of those individuals, in accordance with normal international practice."
The department declined to comment in more detail.
Australia does not reveal the cost of its offshore processing program. However, a 2016 report from Unicef and Save the Children estimated the policy had cost AUS$10 billion (US$7.7 billion) over the previous three years.
DOUBTS ON U.S. DEAL
The Papua New Guinea Supreme Court last year ruled the Manus Island centre, which houses around 860 men, breached human rights and was illegal, adding pressure on Australia to find a new solution.
But U.S. President's Donald Trump's immigration ban has thrown doubt over a swap deal agreed in the final months of the previous administration.
The United States committed to take up to 1,250 asylum seekers being held on behalf of Australia on Manus and Nauru, another Pacific island nation. In return, Australia will take refugees from Central America.
The deal sparked a rare diplomatic spat between the two allies, with Trump berating Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull before reluctantly agreeing to honour the deal, subject to "extreme vetting" of would-be refugees.
While the numbers of asylum seekers trying to reach Australia pale in comparison to those flooding into Europe, losing the U.S. deal would be a major set-back for Turnbull. His centre-right coalition came to power on policies that deny any asylum seeker trying to reach Australia by boat from ever being allowed to settle there.
OFFERING CASH
There are 225 men on Manus currently eligible for deportation as so-called "double negatives" - people who have twice had their refugee claims rejected.
Bangladeshi and Nepalese detainees are being targeted for both deportation and voluntary return, human rights advocates and lawyers said, because Iran does not accept deported citizens and international law prevents the return of people to war torn countries such as Syria and Afghanistan. Nationals from Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Myanmar are also held in the centre.
Bangladeshi detainee Mohammad Rasel told Reuters he was offered US$19,500 to return to Bangladesh voluntarily, more if he convinced a group of his countrymen to go with him, during interview with an Australian Border Force official on Manus last Tuesday.
Another detainee who requested anonymity told Reuters that ABF officials met with a group of twelve Nepalese men on Friday, telling them they could either accept an offer of between US$10,000 and US$25,000 to go home voluntarily, or be deported.
Lawyers and refugee advocates have raised concerns about process.
"The increased focus by the Australian and PNG governments on deporting people with negative protection assessments is deeply troubling," said Sanmati Verma, a lawyer at Clothier Anderson Immigration Lawyers who represent several people on Manus and Nauru. "All of the circumstances indicate that those people have never had their claims for protection fairly, legally or impartially assessed."
The Papua New Guinea government did not respond to emailed and telephoned requests for comment on its refugee assessment practices.
Sally Thompson from Refugee Rights Action Network said long delays before processing began seriously compromised detainees' mental health and many were afraid to speak freely before the migration agents supplied by the Australian government.
"Those with final negative assessments from PNG Immigration have been unable to access pro bono lawyers with standing in PNG Courts who can challenge these decisions on procedural grounds," she said.
(US$1 = 1.3043 Australian dollars)
(Additional reporting by Serajul Quadir in DHAKA; Writing by Jane Wardell; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
Western Cape Transport MEC Donald Grant has threatened to shut down Cape Town taxi ranks hit by recent violence and has asked Transport Minister Blade Nzimande to help resolve the war over routes.
“MEC Grant has requested a meeting with Minister Nzimande to discuss the matter. We are awaiting a response,” said Grant's spokesperson Siphesihle Dube said.
In a notice published in the Government Gazette on May 22, Grant stated: “It is our view that the situation in Delft has deteriorated to such an extent that the safety of passengers can no longer be guaranteed.”
Regarding the gazette, Grant gave notice that he has powers in terms of Section 91 of the National Land Transport Act.
The notice reads: “After consultation with the relevant planning authority (in this case the City of Cape Town), I have decided to declare the Delft area as high-risk in respect of taxi violence. I am hereby giving notice of my intention to take one or more or all of the actions listed below:
“To close all ranks and routes in the declared area for the operation of any type of minibus-taxi type service for the period stated in the notice;
“To suspend all operating licences and permits authorising minibus-taxi type services on the closed routes and ranks in the declared area for the relevant period;
“To instruct that no person may undertake any minibus-taxi type services to and from the declared area or in terms of an operating licence or permit that has been suspended; and to allow other operators, who need not be the holders of operating licences/permits for the affected routes/area currently, to come in and provide the services in the interim period until the situation returns to normal.”
The “Intention to institute extraordinary measures” notice is aimed at preventing further violence and death, he explained in the gazette.
Closure would last for two months
He explained that some 650 000 people live in Delft, which borders Khayelitsha, and as growth has increased rapidly, so has demand for transport and competition over passengers and routes.
Despite mediation over the past five years, some route associations were allegedly still monopolising routes there, the notice states.
The area had also attracted a “significant amount” of illegal operators, adding to the conflict.
Conflict includes disagreements between associations over control of the Delft-Epping route, the introduction of the unregistered Delft Unity Taxi Association, conflict between CATA Seawater Taxi Association and Delft-Cape Town Taxi Association, as well as conflict on the Delft to Claremont/Wynberg routes.
Grant noted that the Office of the Registrar had received several reports indicating violations of the Code of Conduct and Standard Constitution for minibus-taxi operators; contraventions of operating licence conditions and other legal prescripts and a “general disregard for the rule of law” by minibus-taxi associations and members.
The last straw was the killing of two taxi drivers in the Leiden area on May 11 and the gunning down of the chairperson of the Delft-Cape Town Taxi Association near the Roosendal Taxi Rank.
Grant also wants the police to declare the area at a “high risk” of taxi violence.
The police have not confirmed to News24 the number of people killed in taxi violence, but spokesperson Captain FC Van Wyk said they were monitoring the situation and investigating the shootings.
Grant's proposed closure would last for two months and, while the routes are closed, permits will also be suspended.
Temporary operating licences will be made available to other transporters who can provide services in the interim.
Comments closed last Friday and Dube said Grant had not made a decision on the closure yet.
‘Mediation has been a successful tool'
The Western Cape's Department of Transport and Public Works has also appointed an independent mediator to address the issues resulting in conflict in Delft.
“In the past, mediation has been a successful tool used by this department to address some of the issues in the minibus taxi industry here in the Western Cape,” said Dube.
Comment from Nzimande's office was not immediately available.
In the meantime, closed hearings were also underway at the Registrar's office at the Provincial Regulatory Entity (PRE) on Tuesday to assess the conduct of associations, Dube said.
“They are to determine if any association or its members have acted in contravention of their code of conduct. If the Registrar finds that to have been the case, in relation to the conflict in Delft currently, then this may lead to their suspension or deregistration,” he explained.
“The comments will then be considered together with the outcome of the Section 7 A (20), of the Western Cape Road Transportation Act Amendment Law, hearings that are currently underway. These hearings began yesterday, and are convened by the Registrar.”
Grant does not participate in them. Comment from the SA National Taxi Council was not immediately available, but the African National Congress, the SA National Civics Organisation and the SA Communist Party issued a statement on Tuesday to say that CATA and CODETA had reached a “peace accord” which was welcomed.
“It is our belief that violence is not a solution to the differences and interests of the taxi industry because violence puts lives of passengers and other road users at risk,” the joint statement said.
“The alliance calls on the taxi associations involved on this matter, the entire taxi industry in the region to stop fighting. They should rather resolve their differences through negotiations because bullets and violence are not a solution.”
[source: News24]
Share this article
Comments
comments
Seoul: South Korean President Moon Jae-In hopes to "normalise" ties with giant neighbour China on his first state visit to the country this week, his office said Monday, after Beijing was infuriated by a US missile system deployment.
Seoul and Washington decided to install the powerful US THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense) system in the South earlier this year to guard against threats from the nuclear-armed North.
Beijing saw it as a threat to its own security and reacted furiously, slapping a string of measures against South Korean businesses and banning group tours to the South, in moves seen as economic retaliation.
China is the South's top trading partner and the diplomatic row took a major toll on many South Korean firms, most notably retail giant Lotte Group, which provided the land to host the powerful US missile system.
Angry boycott campaigns and regulatory crackdowns by Chinese authorities decimated its business in the world's second-largest economy, and it was forced to put its supermarket unit in China up for sale.
But last month the two countries issued identically-worded statements on their mutual desire to improve relations.
It did not state any specifics, but Beijing has demanded that Seoul formally promise not to deploy any more THAAD launchers and not to join any regional US missile defence system.
Nam Gwan-Pyo, a deputy director of the presidential national security office, did not give reporters details of any concrete steps that could be expected from Moon's four-day trip — his first to China since taking power in May.
But he said it would be a turning point in relations towards a "more mature" relationship, he said, "by recovering bilateral trust and strengthening friendship between the leaders of the two nations".
Ties recently showed some — albeit limited — signs of thaw as China's state tourism board approved last month Seoul-bound group tours from some parts of China.
Moon heads to Beijing on Wednesday and will hold a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping the following day to discuss issues including how to curb the North's nuclear weapons drive, Nam added.
China — the North's sole diplomatic ally and economic lifeline — has stepped up sanctions on the North amid pressure from the US and the international community to play a bigger role in taming its regime.
Beijing has backed recent UN sanctions imposed on the North over its nuclear and missile tests, including a ban on coal imports, although it repeatedly pushed for talks to defuse the tensions.
It has urged a "double freeze" on both North Korean weapons tests and joint military exercises by Seoul and Washington — an idea consistently rejected by the US and South Korea.
ORANGE TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — Snow Monday caused more than 15 crashes in I-96 in Ionia County, authorities say, one of which involved a semi-truck hauling massive bundles of paper.
The wreck involving the truck happened on in the westbound lanes of the highway west of Sunfield Road in Orange Township, west of Portland.
The Ionia County Sheriff's Office said the semi driver lost control, after which the truck sideswiped a pickup and then rolled over in the median.
When the truck tipped over, it spilled some 3,000-pound rolls of paper into the highway. Five vehicles struck either the paper rolls or another vehicle, but no one was hurt.
The highway was limited to one lane while cleanup was underway. That caused a large traffic backup.
Most of the other crashes were property damage crashes of slide-offs, authorities said.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Terror suspects are being arrested at a record rate as security services attempt to contain the unprecedented threat.
Official figures show there were 304 arrests for terrorism-related offences in Great Britain in the year to the end of March this year.
This was an increase of 18% on the previous 12 months, and the highest number in any financial year on record since data collection started in September 2001.
Of the 304 arrests, 108 resulted in a charge, including 91 suspects charged with terror-related offences.
One hundred people were released without charge, 88 were bailed pending further investigation and eight faced "alternative action".
The tally for 2016/17 includes 12 arrests made as part of the investigation into the Westminster attack in March. All were released without charge and told they would face no further action.
Since the Westminster atrocity there have been two more deadly attacks, in Manchester and London Bridge, while counter-terror agencies have foiled five alleged plots.
The scale of the threat facing the country has been laid bare with figures showing police and MI5 are involved in 500 investigations involving 3,000 individuals at any one time.
There are also 20,000 former "subjects of interest" whose risk must be kept under review.
The new figures, released by the Home Office, show that in 2016/17:
"International terrorism" accounted for three-quarters of the terror-related arrests, while 16% were logged in the domestic terrorism bracket;
:: The number of British nationals arrested has passed 2,000 for the first time since current records began, standing at 2,001;
:: Stops made at ports, airports and railway stations under counter-terror powers fell by 31% to 18,103, continuing a decline in the use of the measure in recent years.
The report also said that at the end of March there were 186 people in custody in Great Britain for terrorism-related offences or domestic extremism - an increase of 15% compared with the previous year.
International terrorism refers to activity linked to or motivated by any terrorist group that is based outside the UK which operates in and from third countries, other than Northern Ireland.
Domestic extremism covers activity where there are no links to either Northern Ireland-related or international terrorism.
4 Key Differences in B2B and B2C Business Practices
Business to business (B2B) and business to consumer business practices do have many similarities. However, there are some fundamental differences which must be addressed when developing e-commerce, customer service, customer retention, and marketing strategies.
1. E-Commerce Practices
As the scope of internet interaction and sales increases, B2B e-commerce solutions will become a more powerful strategic opportunity to reach new clients. A greater number of companies are conducting their research and making purchases online than ever before, and this is only expected to increase over the coming years.
It is incumbent upon companies to change their business model to reach their target customers in an online environment. The B2C model has been far more willing to change and has quickly outpaced their B2B counterparts. The difference in marketing model is primarily that B2C companies rely on a large number of clients and B2B companies rely on fewer numbers of clients who are willing to pay more.
B2B companies have historically believed they needed to reach out and interact with their clients at a more personal level than the B2C companies. While this is still true, the e-commerce environment makes it possible to do this in an online environment with the proper technical resources in place.
2. Customer Service
Regardless of your business model, the basics of customer service are going to remain the same. Individuals will have problems with the product or service and they will want someone to be available to help them as quickly as possible. This is imperative for both short term and long term success.
However, there are some significant differences between B2B and B2C customer service that companies need to be aware of. B2B customer service representatives will likely need to deal with more than one person when resolving issues. This makes contact management central in the customer service model. Anyone working on an account needs to know who has been contacted and what role that person plays in making decisions about products and services.
3. Customer Retention
Customer retention is equally important in both B2B and B2C. What people often overlook in their customer retention policies is that all B2B interactions are experienced by individual people. Many of the same strategies which are successfully implemented by B2C companies can be used in the B2B world. Don't consider how to simply solve a business problem, help the person who is experiencing the problem feel understood and reach out to them directly.
However, it is important for B2B companies to remember that they often need to address the needs and concerns of multiple individuals to maintain a single customer. This is yet another reason contact management is integral to the efforts of B2B practices.
4. Effective Marketing
B2B sales are typically based more on logic than the emotion-driven purchasing decisions of B2C sales. This means that marketing efforts must engage consumers on both levels because there are individuals who make up the company. Their interest will be best obtained with something they can connect to on an emotional level but the final sale will only be made if the purchase has a logical purpose.
It is important for B2B marketers to also keep in mind the location of their potential clients. International clients may have significantly different emotional triggers and may also be swayed by different types of data.
By 2019, e-commerce in the B2B market is expected to be worth more than $1 trillion compared to the B2C market which is expected to be less than $500 billion. Now is the time to fine tune all business practices to ensure your company is poised to take advantage of this potential.
TOKYO: Problems surrounding the venue for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics golf events, which does not allow full membership for women, stem from documents prepared for the original bid, a Japanese media report said on Wednesday.
Calls have arisen to move the tournament away from the private Kasumigaseki Country Club in Saitama prefecture because of a policy that forbids women from playing on Sundays and excludes them from becoming a full member.
A board meeting last week postponed a decision on the issue, which its head called "a nuisance".
After the venue was selected to host the tournament in 2012, it received approval from the International Golf Federation (IGF) but the club's policy was not included in explanatory material at that time, NHK public television said.
Despite earning selection, a member of the Tokyo Metropolitan Government's bid committee warned the club that its policy could create problems for violating the Olympic charter's rules on equality.
Quoting information given to the government in 2012, NHK added that the bid committee member was told by the club that it would "fix things" and thinking the issue was resolved, opted not to mention the policy in documents prepared in English.
A Kasumigaseki Country Club official confirmed to NHK that the club had been warned but said it had replied: "If this becomes a problem, we will have a mutual discussion at that time. We did not say we would fix things."
The International Golf Federation was quoted by NHK as saying they did not know until recently that the club did not admit women as full members.
Nobody was available at the club for comment on Wednesday and Tokyo 2020 spokesperson Hikariko Ono said the Organising Committee was not aware of any communications between the Bid Committee and other parties during the bidding process.
"If the media reports are correct, we believe the Tokyo Metropolitan Government should explain clearly to Kasumigaseki Country Club what actually transpired at the time," Ono added in an email response to written questions.
"Kasumigaseki Country Club is aware of the IOC's request to change its membership policy and is holding internal discussions. The Organising Committee will continue to monitor developments carefully."
(Editing by John O'Brien)
As this column is printed, I will be finishing up the first eighth of my college journey. Now there is a semester's worth of thoughts from places to comb through and consider:
It was in the ASEAN Auditorium where my first college class took place, and where this column was born. I was sitting in a class where being a baby Jumbo was not some sort of lauded achievement — everyone in the room had managed to squeeze through the 14 percent acceptance rate. The hype of being a new student was glossed over, giving my first day of class a new urgency.
Barnum 113 was the site of a juxtaposition, where an English class was sequestered in a hall full of life sciences. Appreciating the humanities in a foreign land was enough to have this staunch pre-med consider the value of liberal arts coursework.
When the Campus Center housed an antique sale, the romanticization of the past brought into question the history we are all actively scripting. Appreciation for the past, whether it be through modern Polaroids or the re-introduction of leather jackets, promises that our quirks as a generation may be intertwined with the society of the future.
Venturing away from Tufts for a night and going into the nearby woods of Winchester, the wake of human destruction was apparent. Whether it be through a simple act of littering, or in the grander scheme of global warming, the impact of our actions as a species can be readily observed just minutes from our campus.
Back on campus, it was at Distler Hall where Clara Cantore performed her Argentinian folk music to a room filled mostly by the promise of extra credit. This was a rare highlight of the ugly grade-grubber culture that still lives in the undertones of Tufts.
Carmichael Hall was uncharacteristically empty when the Red Cross blood drive rolled around. Although the phlebotomist was a delight and the atmosphere was warmed by the blaring rock music, there seemed to be minimal student body support.
A chemistry exam at Pearson was enough to bring the crushing realization that learning was a process. Hours spent at Tisch do not directly correlate with better grades, and the prospect of studying for numerical gratification became moot. Learning is about a rise in understanding and not GPA.
A Dewick Friendsgiving was a precious reminder that home can be found miles away from the address used on your application. The people you actively choose to surround yourself with become your home, and eventually, your family.
That being said, after a nice drive to Jersey City, N.J., I was feeling rather grateful for the opportunity to take a step back from college and reconnect with my roots. There, I saw the constant room for improvement that exists in all of us.
Back at Tisch, the buildup toward finals week witnessed a night full of laser tag and casual conversation.
And a final thought for the year: Happy finals, happy holidays and see you all in 2018! Thanks for reading.
BEIJING: As many as 79 people have died from H7N9 bird flu in China last month, the government said, stoking worries that the spread of the virus this season could be the worst on record.
January's fatalities were up to four times higher than the same month in past years, and brought the total H7N9 death toll to 100 people since October, data from the National Health and Family Planning Commission showed late on Tuesday.
Authorities have repeatedly warned the public to stay alert for the virus, and cautioned against panic in the world's second-largest economy.
But the latest bird flu data has sparked concerns of a repeat of previous health crises, like the 2002 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
"It's mid-February already and we are just getting the January numbers. With the death rate almost catching up with SARS, shouldn't warnings be issued earlier?" said one user of popular microblog Sina Weibo.
Other netizens in the Chinese blogosphere worried about the pace of infections, and called for even more up-to-date reports.
China has come a long way in learning how to communicate to the public and to respond to health crises since the SARS outbreak, when official reports of infections were criticised for their slowness and irregularity.
Chinese chicken prices sank to their lowest levels in more than a decade on Wednesday, hammering meat processors' share prices amid fears that bird flu could hit demand in one of the world's top poultry markets.
RECORD HIGH INFECTIONS
China, which first reported a human infection from the virus in March 2013, has seen a sharp rise in H7N9 cases since December. The official government total is 306 since October, with 192 reported last month.
But others estimate the infections to be higher.
The Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP) at the University of Minnesota last week estimated China had at least 347 human infections so far this winter, eclipsing the record of 319 seen three years ago.
On a week-to-week basis, it was difficult to tell if H7N9 cases were still rising in China or have peaked, CIDRAP said in a report on its website on Feb. 10.
Some provincial health departments in China announce individual cases as they are confirmed, while others wait to include them in their monthly updates.
"An important factor in the past waves of H7N9 cases among humans in China have been rapid closure of live poultry markets," said Ian Mackay, a virologist at the University of Queensland in Australia.
"This season there seems to have been a slower response to the outbreak, which may be leading to greater numbers of human exposures to infected birds."
The National Health and Family Planning Commission has yet to respond to a request from Reuters seeking comment on the recent bird flu deaths.
Most of the H7N9 human infections reported this season have been in the south and along the coast.
Beijing on Saturday reported its first human H7N9 case this year. The patient is a 68-year-old man from Langfang city in neighbouring Hebei province.
A second human case was reported on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Ryan Woo and Josephine Mason; Additional reporting by Nick Heath, Christian Shepherd and Dominique Patton in BEIJING; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Peshawar,
Three newly born leopard cubs died at Peshawar zoo, authorities confirmed Wednesday morning.
On April 28, a common leopardess had given birth to four cubs at the zoo. It was reported to be an unusual occurrence as common leopardess gives birth to three cubs at a time as per zoo authorities.
Only one cub remains at the zoo now. According to the zoo authorities, the surviving cub is in a healthy condition.
A source shared that the conditions for the animals and birds are deteriorating in the zoo as most of them suffer from breathing problems.
The zoo, which was inaugurated in February, has turned into a death cell for animals as more than 40 animals and birds have died there in last four months.
A report prepared in May revealed that more than 34 animals have died at the Peshawar zoo since its inauguration.
The report was compiled by the investigation committee formed to probe the back-to-back deaths of animals at the zoo.
The zoo has lost more than 30 birds, one nilgai (an antelope endemic to Indian subcontinent), a snow leopard, a fallow deer and a monkey.
The report concludes that the birds and nilgai passed away due to breathing problems.
A four-year-old fallow deer, which died on March 1, was initially reported to have died under ‘mysterious circumstances'. However, the report states that the deer was killed after colliding with the rods of its cage. The sub-adult female deer, which was of American-African origin was brought to the zoo two weeks before it died.
Three days later on May 4, the zoo lost one of its monkeys. The monkey died after being severely injured by a wolf, which was kept in the same cage as the monkey.
On March 15, a 10-year-old snow leopard had passed away at the zoo. The snow leopard was brought to the zoo from Galiyat and was scheduled to be taken back on April 15 due to hot weather.
The report confirmed that the leopard died of natural causes. The post-mortem report had revealed that the snow leopard had died of clogged arteries—.INP
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Thursday sought the central government's response on a petition challenging notification banning the sale of cattle for slaughtering.
While issuing notice, the vacation bench of Justice RK Agrawal and Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul gave the central government two weeks' time to respond to the petition by a Hyderabad-based advocate.
The court directed the listing of the matter on 11 July.
As Additional Solicitor General PS Narasimha wanted to make a statement on the intent behind the two notifications issued on 23 May, the bench asked him to say all this in response.
The petitioner has also challenged the other notification regulating the transportation of cattle.
Apparently, Spring is not a particularly popular time to give birth. Looking at the birth stats, you have a much greater chance of having a baby in the fall than in the spring, with nine of the top 10 dates falling in September. Upon calculation, those babies had approximate conception dates around Christmas, which tells us many people like to get busy during the holidays. But what of a spring baby, conceived in the heat of the late summer? If we disregard the other seasons and only compare spring to itself, what is the most popular spring birthday?
Analyzing data from the U. S. Department of Social Security and U.S. National Center for Health Statistics, the website FiveThirtyEight determined that the most popular spring birthday is May 23. Though we can celebrate it as the best date of spring, it just squeaks into the top fourth of all birthdates throughout the year, coming in at number 89 — it may be a popular birthday for the season, but in general, the competition is not too stiff.
For those who are born on May 23, it likely means that they were conceived in late summer — perhaps there is a direct connection between these May babies and the end of summer getaways. Combine summer heat with the anxiety of returning back to work and school, and It's not totally unfathomable. Let's not forget, too, that their birthday is just around the corner from Memorial Day, when summer really starts and around the time when school lets out, making almost any type of birthday party activity (from amusement parks to pool parties) possible.
There are also a handful of celebrities who share this totally random popular spring birthday. Here are a few:
Margaret Wise Brown, author of Goodnight Moon
Drew Carey, actor and comedian
Jewel, singer-songwriter
Joan Collins, actress
Ken Jennings, Jeopardy champion
If you're wondering what you can expect from these spring babies that share the most common seasonal birthday, May 23 babies are born under the sign of Gemini. Gemini is the twins and they often have two sides to their personality, according to 123 New Year. This mixed perspective will sometimes leave them confused about what they want. 123 New Year stated Gemini can be social and fun, serious and glum, and feel love and hate at the same time.
Specifically though, there is much Sun Signs said people who are born on May 23 tend to be very funny, they have a "unique sense of wit and are fun loving free thinkers," and "are feisty, adaptable and knowledgeable." More than humor, Go To Horoscope declared that May 23 babies are, "ordinarily very loyal, compassionate and self sacrificing but can also sometimes act in an argumentative, stubborn and unpredictable manner." Astrology-Zodiac-Signs said May 23 babies, "excel in learning and teaching. They will usually choose studies that make them strive even higher, always ready for progress in life even in the darkest of times."
Celebrating spring birthdays, no matter which day they fall, are a lot of fun. For those of us in the colder part of the country, the weather is finally good and everyone is resurfacing after winters indoors. It can be easy to make spring birthday parties. My May 3 baby had all of his parties in the backyard with tons of kids, relay races, candy hunts, and whiffle ball games. No one ever wanted to leave. Backyard parties are fun to put together, relatively low-maintenance and cheap to arrange, as you can get away with very simple games, minimal refreshments (chips and cake will do) and super easy cleanup. Get a few older kids or teens to help out.
In general, parenting during the springtime just feels a little bit easier. You don't have to bundle up babies and kids like you do during the winter, and by the time summer comes, you and the baby are in a good groove, mobile, and enjoying the outdoors without having to find stray socks or that extra carriage blanket.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark
A sometimes bruising leadership campaign ends today in Vancouver for British Columbia's Liberals as they elect a new leader who will be tasked with returning the party to power after a 16 year term in office that ended last summer.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party following a non-confidence vote that brought down the Liberals.
The field of six candidates includes three veterans with deep cabinet experience, two former big city mayors and a first-time member of the legislature from Metro Vancouver.
Mike de Jong, Andrew Wilkinson and Todd Stone were longtime members of Clark's cabinet.
READ MORE: B.C. Liberal leadership candidates get one last prime-time pitch
READ MORE: Todd Stone campaign forfeits 1,349 B.C. Liberal memberships
READ MORE: Pro-life group releases rank list of BC Liberal leadership candidates
Sam Sullivan, a former Vancouver mayor, was appointed to cabinet in the dying days of Clark's government last summer.
The field also includes Michael Lee, a Vancouver lawyer who was elected to the legislature last spring, and Dianne Watts, a former Conservative MP and one-time mayor of Surrey.
The B.C. Liberal Party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals. It describes itself as “a made-in-B.C. free enterprise coalition” that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties.
READ MORE: Dianne Watts, most B.C. Liberals would keep taxpayers' money
B.C. VIEWS: B.C. Liberal battle getting bitter
READ MORE: B.C. Liberal leadership candidates debate different paths for party
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May has been a focus of the leadership campaign.
There has been finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall, despite B.C. boasting the strongest economy in Canada.
Some candidates criticized the party's old guard for failing to address transportation, housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver, once a Liberal stronghold.
De Jong, the former finance minister, set himself apart from the field, defending the Liberal record as he took heat for his tight-fisted control of the province's purse strings that meant programs aimed at easing financial pressures for people never made it off the drawing board.
Stone, his former cabinet colleague, acknowledged the Liberals were strong economic managers as he argued the party could have done a better job of sharing the wealth, including raising welfare rates.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
RANCHO PALOS VERDES, Calif. — Internet usage worldwide is slowing while smartphone sales have hit a wall. But people are spending more online, talking to smart speakers more, and shelling out more for subscriptions.
Those are the headlines from Mary Meeker's annual Internet trends survey, which was revealed at the Code conference here Wednesday morning. Meeker is an executive with venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Thestack of slides, which act as touchstone for the industry, is based on an aggregation of several data sources.
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
There are 3.6 billion users of the global internet, but growth is beginning to cool, up 7% last year vs. 12% the year before.
"Growth is harder to find after hitting 50% penetration," of the world's population, she said.
Voice computing has evolved to record usage, after years of so-so quality. Now, Google has a 95% accuracy rate for "learning word accuracy," from just under 80% in 2013. The Amazon Echo smart speaker is now in over 30 million homes, she added.
She also touched on the recent scrutiny of how Internet companies use consumer data for targeting that jumped in the wake of Facebook's Cambridge Analytica data scandal.
"Many usability improvements are based on data - collected during the taps / clicks / movements of mobile device users. This creates a privacy paradox," she wrote in the introduction.
E-commerce usage rose 16% in 2017, vs. 14% the previous year, now representing 13% of total retail sales.
Meeker says that when researching product purchases, 49% of shoppers begin with searches on Amazon.com, followed with 36% on search engines. Additionally, social media referrals to e-commerce purchases rose 6%.
Netflix represents the largest subscription service, with 117 million subscribers, compared to 100 million for Amazon Prime and 75 million for the Spotify music service, she estimates.
As for the sharing economy: her research shows ride-hailing service Uber's 900,000 U.S. drivers making an average hourly rate of $21, higher than some surveys and much steeper than a disputed academic analysis.
Airbnb has U.S. 600,000 hosts, who make an average of $6,100, the report estimated.
Follow USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham @jeffersongraham) on Twitter, Instagram and YouTube.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
U.S. cuts in aid have put in doubt food deliveries for the coming months, ahead of the U.N. agency responsible for Palestinians said on Friday.
"Right now, I do not actually know whether I can order enough food for the second quarter in April to June, because there is not enough money," U.N. Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) Gaza head Matthias Schmale told Bavarian radio broadcaster Bayerische Rundfunk, as reported by dpa.
A reduction in food supplies for Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, whose border points are tightly controlled by Israeli and Egyptian authorities, would have catastrophic effects, Schmale said.
UNRWA supports about 1 million people in the coastal strip with food provisions and also runs 267 schools and 21 health facilities.
Earlier this month, Washington announced that it would freeze $65 million in funding to the UNRWA unless Palestinians return to the negotiating table with Israelis. The UNRWA was formed in 1949 and supports some 5 million Palestinians in Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, Jordan and Syria, many of whose families fled during the conflict that followed Israel's declaration of independence in 1948.
Palestinian leaders have strongly rejected the U.S. as a mediator between them and Israel since U.S. President Donald Trump decided to formally recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital in December.
"The first problem is that the U.S. government has for the first time ... linked politics with humanitarian aid, and that is unacceptable for us and the people of the Gaza Strip," Schmale said in the radio interview.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will address the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) on Feb. 20 during the body's monthly meeting on the Middle East amid tensions Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Since Trump broke from decades of U.S. policy with his Dec. 6 announcement on Jerusalem, Abbas has said he will ask the council to grant full U.N. membership to Palestine and will only accept an internationally-backed panel to broker any peace talks with Israel.
Trump has threatened to withhold aid to the Palestinians if they did not pursue peace with Israel, but Abbas has said the United States had taken itself "off the table" as a peace mediator in recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
In 2012, the U.N. General Assembly granted de facto recognition of a sovereign Palestinian state when it upgraded their status to a non-member state from an entity.
However, the UNSC has to recommend a state for full membership to the General Assembly, which then needs to approve it with a two-thirds majority. The United States would likely veto a Palestinian bid in the UNSC. In December, the 193-member General Assembly adopted a resolution calling for the United States to drop its recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. Trump had threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that voted in favor. One-hundred-twenty-eight countries backed the resolution, which is non-binding, nine voted against and 35 abstained. Twenty-one countries did not vote.
Related Coverage Severe weather, strong gusts cause havoc across Oahu
Power outages are usually the first thing we hear about when the weather turns bad, like it did this past weekend.
But the rain and wind also caused problems for the phone company, and those fixes can take days or even longer.
A viewer reached out to KHON2 using the Report It features on our website. Linda Peavy told us her phone and internet service went out Monday and is still out.
She's not the only one. Hawaiian Telcom told her the outage is part of a general-area issue, with an estimated repair time by Feb. 27, which is nearly two weeks from now.
Peavy thinks the outage could have something to do with Saturday's weather.
“I'm going to guess it was the dumping of rain the other day. It was very, very wet,” she said. “I don't see why they can't make it water-tight, so that when there are unusual storms we won't be affected like how we were today.”
We reached out to the company and found out bad weather is to blame for outages throughout Oahu.
Hawaiian Telcom declined our request for an on-camera interview, but sent a written response that said Saturday's “unusually heavy rain” is the reason for several outages in Waipahu, Wahiawa, and Aiea.
We stopped by Linda Peavy's neighborhood in the Pearlridge area and noticed a lot of repair work being done.
Hawaiian Telcom explained Peavy is part of an outage that requires replacing a large section of underground cable. About 135 customers in Aiea are affected and could see service restored by Wednesday.
What if more bad weather happens? Is anything being done to improve the equipment?
The company responded that over the past six years, it has invested more than a half-billion dollar in building and expanding the fiber network and systems statewide.
Hawaiian Telcom says the average wait for repairs varies based on the type of outage and a variety of factors, like weather conditions and location.
Last June, Hawaiian Telcom customers experienced an hours-long phone outage that impacted the entire state. The company traced the problem to its call-routing equipment that only allowed some calls to go through.
In December 2015, some customers were without phone service for three weeks after heavy rain soaked cables.
In November 2015, several customers were without phone service for months, which prompted the Public Utilities Commission to launch an informal inquiry into customer complaints.
Last month, Yung Lean released a new album, Stranger, and he's been releasing striking visuals for it ever since. We got a short film and a clip for “Metallic Intuition,” and today he's shared a vid for 5 Best Songs Of The Week honoree “Red Bottom Sky.” It was directed by Marcus Söderlund and features the Swedish musician camping in snow-flecked woods and hazily wandering around a surreal mansion while holding an ferret. Check it out below.
Stranger is out now via YEAR0001.
× Expand Photo by Bill Roseberry Edwardsville's A.J. Epenesa is ready for a monster senior season. Epenesa is an All-American and the No. 1-ranked strongside defensive end on rivals.com. He and the Tigers will be looking for their fourth straight Southwestern Conference title.
January was a big month for Edwardsville High senior A.J. Epenesa.
The 6-foot-5, 270-pound 5-star football recruit, who officially signed with the University of Iowa on Feb. 1, got to play in two national bowl games in January. First, he went to the Army All-American Bowl on Jan. 7 at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. He followed that up by participating in the Polynesian Bowl at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii, on Jan. 21.
The two bowl games have quite different histories. The Army Bowl dates back to 2001 and has featured players like Andrew Luck, Odell Beckham Jr., Ezekiel Elliott, Adrian Peterson, Eric Berry, Vince Young and DeSean Jackson, while the Polynesian Bowl had its inaugural season in 2017. It is composed of 75 percent players with Polynesian heritage.
“You can't ask for better things as a football player to play in all-star games like that,” Epenesa said.
He was lucky enough to be part of two wins, too. He played for the East squad at the Army Bowl, which won 27-17, contributing a pair of solo tackles in the game that was nationally televised on NBC.
Epenesa's performance in the Polynesian Bowl was a little more elevated. The strongside defensive end and No. 1 football recruit in Illinois produced 5 tackles, 2 sacks and 2 forced fumbles on the way to Defensive MVP honors.
He played for Team Stanley, representing Baltimore Ravens offensive tackle Ronnie Stanley. Team Stanley bested Team Mariota (Tennessee Titan quarterback Marcus Mariota) 9-7.
“For me to be able to say I'm the very first defensive MVP of the Polynesian football game, it's a huge honor,” Epenesa said. “The man who presented it to me — Ma'a Tanuvasa — he won a couple Super Bowls
and he's a Polynesian Football Hall of Famer. For me to be around people like that, like Jesse Sapolu and other Polynesian football players who have been there, done this, gone to the NFL and made every football player's dream a reality, being around that culture was cool. It was an awesome opportunity for me and an awesome opportunity for every player that got to go there and a huge honor for us to be invited to such a prestigious bowl game.”
The selection committee for the Polynesian Bowl picks 84 high school players of Polynesian heritage along with other heritages and also a minimum of 24 Hawaiian high school all-staters.
Epenesa reached 5-star status while in Hawaii, becoming one of only a few 5-star players at the Polynesian Bowl.
Running down Team Mariota quarterback Nevin Alaka'i Yuen from behind and crushing him on a sideline tackle during the game may have been the statement to prove his 5-star status.
“Those are plays I think I should be able to make,” Epenesa said. “With me being rated as high as I am, if I'm going to be rated that high, I need to play like I'm supposed to be rated that high. It puts a little chip on your shoulder to show that you deserve that ranking.
“My nickname was 5-star for the weekend,” Epenesa said. “There weren't a lot at the Polynesian Bowl, but you have to show people you deserve what you have and they don't assume that you're just overrated. I went out there and proved that I deserve what I have as a 5-star. It doesn't really matter, but when you get that label you have to prove yourself.”
But while being showcased in the Army Bowl and the Polynesian Bowl was about football, the family factor was also very important to him. Epenesa enjoyed sharing the Hawaiian experience with his parents, his older sister Sam and younger brothers Eric and Iosefatu.
His father Epenesa (Eppy) Epenesa is from Pago Pago in American Samoa, while mother Stephanie is from Edwardsville. Both sides of that heritage are important to Epenesa.
“I take pride in both my sides, my mom's side being white and my dad's side being Samoan,” Epenesa said. “I have two pieces to me and it helps me in every situation I encounter. I take a lot of pride in Samoan heritage and where my dad is from. There are not many of us (in the Midwest) and there aren't a whole bunch in the world when you look at it big picture. I take pride in what I am and who I am and it was just a huge honor to be there.”
He learned plenty about his Samoan heritage on the trip. The Polynesian Football Hall of Fame is housed inside the Polynesian Cultural Center in Honolulu and Epenesa enjoyed his time learning about his ancestors on and off the football field there.
“We got to go to the Polynesian Culture Center and that was an awesome, amazing, indescribable experience,” he said. “The way they put everything together and treated us was awesome. There's no way to put into words how fun it was and how much we learned of the culture and going back to the roots. It's humbling to see where you come from and what your culture has accomplished throughout time.”
Now as Epenesa follows in his father's footsteps as a defensive lineman with the Iowa Hawkeye, he hopes his brothers can follow his legacy at the Polynesian Bowl. It marked his first extended visit to Hawaii besides passing through on his way to American Samoa.
“It's only its first year and for how awesome it was, it can only get better from there,” Epenesa said of the Polynesian Bowl. “I'm excited to see it go on. Hopefully my brothers get invited so I have another excuse to go to Hawaii.”
Follow AdVantage News Sports on Facebook and #AdVsports on Twitter
Cebuano Roger Pogoy apologizes for part in Gilas Pilipinas-Australia ‘basketbrawl'
Cebuano basketball player Roger Pogoy has issued a public apology for his actions that played a part in the controversial brawl between the Gilas Pilipinas and the Australian Boomers in the Fiba World Cup 2019 Qualifier last Monday at the Philippine Arena.
“Unang una hihingi kami ng sorry sa lahat ng fans ng Gilas saka fans din ng Australia na may nangyari kagabi na di inaasahan,” said Pogoy in a Chooks-to-Go-hosted dinner for the National Team at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Ortigas, last Tuesday. (First of all, we would like to say sorry to the fans of Gilas and Australia for the untoward incident that happened last night.)
“This experience has taught me a lesson. I admit my mistakes and I'll take full responsibility for my actions,” he also said in posts on his social media accounts.
Things came to a boiling point in that heated match when Pogoy committed an offensive foul on Australian wingman Chris Goulding late in the third period. Boomers big man Daniel Kickert retaliated with a vicious elbow to the face of Pogoy that broke the dam and unleashed chaos between the two opposing teams.
In the end, a total of 13 players from both teams got ejected as Australia went on to win, 89-53.
Gilas backer Ronald Mascariñas, who is the president and general manager of Chooks-to-Go, urged each member of the team to be accountable for their actions during the said melee.
“All of us go through things like this in our lives. Most of the time we make the right decisions but we also make the wrong decisions,” Mascariñas said during the Chooks-to-Go team dinner. “But at the end of the day, we make the decision ourselves. The best way to move on is to be accountable. Let's not blame it on others but be accountable to ourselves.”
Fellow Cebuano June Mar Fajardo, who didn't take part in the scuffle and, in fact, was one of three Gilas players left after the ejections, also apologized.
“Sorry sa nangyari. Hindi natin ineexpect na mangyayari yun,” he said. (I'm sorry for what happened. We didn't expect that to happen.)
Campaigning for the Dutch election kicks off on Wednesday with anti-Islam leader Geert Wilders frontrunner in a vote that will test the anti-establishment sentiment that swept Britain out of the European Union and Donald Trump into the U.S. presidency.
Wilders, a eurosceptic, anti-immigration fan of Trump has dubbed the March 15 parliamentary election the start of a "Patriotic Spring" in Europe, where French and German voters go to the polls in May and September.
Unlike Trump's win and the Brexit vote, it will not be a shock if Wilders and his Party for Freedom win, he has led in opinion polls for most of the past two years and the fragmented political landscape means a coalition government of four or more parties is all but inevitable.
His main rival, Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the conservative VVD Party, is banking on a strengthening economic recovery to restore popularity lost during the austerity years of 2012-2014.
Wilders' party is expected to get 20 percent of the popular vote, compared to Rutte's 16 percent. A simple majority of just over half is generally sought to govern, but all but one party have ruled out sharing power with Wilders, whose policies are seen by many as offensive and sometimes unconstitutional.
There are 31 parties competing for votes, with 14 likely to win at least one seat in the 150-member Dutch parliament. The next three largest parties command no more than 10 or 11 percent of the vote.
"The overwhelming majority of Dutchmen basically do not vote for (Wilders)," said Kristof Jacobs, a teacher at Radbout University in Nijmegen.
NO "NEXIT"
So a victory for Wilders is unlikely to lead to the Netherlands leaving the European Union, closing the border to Muslim immigrants or reinstating the Dutch currency, policies only his party endorses.
In December, Wilders was convicted of inciting discrimination against Moroccans for leading a chant of "Fewer! Fewer! Fewer!" at an election rally in 2014.
If Wilders' PVV party finishes first but is unable to form a government, Rutte will be left trying to forge a centrist coalition with several parties that share little more than opposition to Wilders.
In that case "we will stay put and manage the country until there is a new coalition," Finance Minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem said on Tuesday. "That could even last for up to four years."
The Netherlands, a country of 17 million that relies heavily on foreign trade, in 2005 rejected the European constitution and last year voted down a treaty for closer EU ties with Ukraine.
A poll by Motivaction on Tuesday showed more than 61 percent of respondents see Dutch politicians as "elitist, unreliable and dishonest."
Around 37 percent of likely voters said they were undecided about who to vote for.
"I find it difficult to make a decision," said Renee Keijzer, from the town of Volendam. "So much has happened in the world that it is hard to position yourself properly."
What We're Following ~ Stories of interest from around the Web
Search for: Archives Select Month August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006
Maryland guard Kevin Huerter declared for the NBA draft thinking that it was going to be an exploratory mission, one that might prepare him to go pro next season.
Editor's Picks NBA mock draft: Every likely pick in both rounds We break down new landing spots for some of the top prospects and the latest risers in the first round.
NBA draft rankings: Top 100 prospects Who are the best prospects in the 2018 NBA draft? You can find our updated top 100 rankings here throughout the season. 1 Related
Turns out, he is ready now.
Huerter said Wednesday that he is forgoing his final two seasons of college eligibility and staying in the draft after a strong showing at the pre-draft combine in Chicago earlier this month and subsequent workouts and interviews with NBA clubs. Wednesday was the deadline day for underclassmen to say whether they are staying in the draft or going back to school.
In the end, Huerter decided to not risk losing this opportunity.
"This year is guaranteed," Huerter said from his parents' home in Clifton Park, New York. "Next year is not."
It's widely believed he will be a first-round pick. The No. 20-ranked NBA prospect by ESPN's Jonathan Givony is projected as the No. 19 pick by the Atlanta Hawks in ESPN's most recent mock draft.
The 6-foot-7 wing impressed scouts at the combine not just with his ability to shoot the ball but also his passing and athleticism. He was near the top of the charts in several testing categories.
He averaged 14.8 points per game on 50 percent shooting for the Terrapins last season, shooting 42 percent from 3-point range.
"This was pretty tough," said Huerter, who wavered several times on the decision in the past couple of days. "Everything happened pretty fast. When I declared, I didn't really expect to be leaving. This was a pretty tough decision, and when things started happening, there came a time when I actually had to start really thinking about things."
This has been a rapid ascent for Huerter. In 2015, he led Shenendehowa High to a New York state basketball championship. A year later, he led Shenendehowa to a state title in baseball.
And now he is going pro.
"I never expected to be here," Huerter said.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
SICHUAN: A 16-storey Buddhist pagoda in southwestern China was destroyed by a massive fire on Sunday (Dec 10) afternoon.
The wooden pagoda - reportedly the tallest in Asia - along with a prayer hall were seen engulfed in flames on videos circulating around social media.
Citing the local government's statement on Weibo, South China Morning Post (SCMP) reported that the fire at Lingguan Tower in Sichuan province started at 12.40pm.
The structure was known as Asia's tallest wooden pagoda. (Screengrab: CCTV via Reuters)
According to local news outlet People's Daily Online, the fire started from the main hall of the Nine Dragons Monastery.
Because of high winds, the blaze was then quickly pushed towards the pagoda as well as the Hall of Arhan.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The buildings affected by the fire occupied an area of more than 800 sq m, reported People's Daily Online.
The fire was eventually put out four hours later at around 4.30pm. (Screengrab: CCTV via Reuters)
The fire was put out four hours later at around 4.30pm.
The pagoda had been undergoing renovations since 2010, after the original structure dating back to the 16th century was destroyed during a major earthquake in May 2008, CCTV reported.
There were no casualties and local police are investigating the cause, according to CCTV.
Cape Coral man dies in pressroom accident at Pennsylvania newspaper
A contractor working at a Pennsylvania newspaper who was pinned underneath a piece of machinery that was being removed from the pressroom has died.
The Lehigh County coroner says the man became trapped at The Morning Call in Allentown on Tuesday afternoon. Crews have been dismantling the printing press after the paper's printing operations moved to Jersey City, New Jersey.
The coroner says the victim is a 32-year-old man from Cape Coral, Florida. His name wasn't immediately released.
The Morning Call reports that newsroom workers heard a loud boom shortly after 5 p.m. The cause of the accident is under investigation.
Publisher and editor Robert York expressed “heartfelt sympathy” to the man's family and says the company is cooperating with authorities. The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration has been notified of the contractor's death.
Author: Associated Press
Aaron Carter broke down in tears discussing bullying, his bisexuality, his breakup and his estranged relationship with older brother Nick on Monday.
A weeping Carter, 29, told “Elvis Duran and the Morning Show” he felt “misunderstood” and “misinterpreted” in his relationship with Madison Parker, who he revealed he met on Instagram.
“I came out about my history and that I'm attracted to men and women equally … and the last five relationships, I've been with girls,” he explained. “But I just can't live a lie.”
The “Fool's Gold” singer, who recently asked Chloë Grace Moretz out over Twitter, also touched on his relationship with his Backstreet Boy big brother, which he admitted has been strained since their 2006 reality show, “House of Carters,” premiered.
“I remember watching when I did the ‘House of Carters' show with my family — I remember watching the first episode and within 20 minutes, I saw my brother and his best friend making fun of me and my beats,” he said. “They're laughing at me, and I'm sitting with all my friends watching this and I'm really embarrassed,” he recalled.
Their issues continued into adulthood, as he claims Nick never reached out to him directly in light of his recent DUI arrest, despite reports that his family members were concerned about his well-being.
“There was this whole thing that happened with the DUI and stuff, and my brother had my number, and he's like [on Twitter], ‘If you need help,' like, dude, what are you talking about?” he vented. “You don't even know me, Nick. You don't even talk to me. We see each other once or twice a year. That's what it is … [but] I love my brother, I always love my brother.”
After the show aired, Carter apologized for sounding and appearing distraught.
“I'm sorry I got emotional at my performance @ElvisDuranShow,” he tweeted. “[The] negative comments really hurt, my music is about my relationships & my father that I just recently lost.”
About an hour later, Carter vowed to take a break from social media as a whole in response to cruel comments, including allegations that he has HIV, an accusation he'd told Duran was particularly hurtful.
“Be safe my loves,” he wrote. “I'm sorry but I can't do this twitter social media stuff right now. I'll check in with you in a few months.”
However, an hour later, he tweeted a long missive about his exit.
“I'm praying for the people who truly do have terminal illnesses & I'm praying even more for the people who make cruel jokes about me having terminal illnesses, it's not only unfair to me but more importantly to the people who are truly suffering,” he wrote. “It's truly tragic that people would make comments about me dying from these diseases when there are millions of people out there who really are suffering and dying from terminal illness every day … the people who make jokes about me having chronic diseases are really the people who need help.”
Carter previously revealed that he suffers from a hiatal hernia, which he claimed caused his extreme weight loss. The singer told Duran that he recently taped an episode of “The Doctors” in which he promised “a big reveal” about his health, but wouldn't divulge any further details.
Related Video 1:45 Aaron Carter tests out pick-up lines
NEW YORK (AP)  Fox News said Friday that the network's legal counsel, who is named in lawsuits relating to the late former CEO Roger Ailes' regime, is taking a "voluntary leave."
Fox offered no additional details Friday on the departure of Dianne Brandi, including whether she is being paid or if she will return. She was a powerful leader at Fox under Ailes, who was forced out last year because of harassment charges.
Brandi has been named in pending lawsuits by former and current employees who alleged she did not act on complaints of harassment or discrimination against them by executives, and even retaliated against people who made charges. Brandi has denied the accusations.
She was named in cases filed by former on-air contributors Julie Roginsky and Andrea Tantaros, who both had complained about harassment by Ailes. She was also a part of a racial discrimination case involving several employees and a since-fired financial executive at Fox.
Advertisement
Douglas Wigdor, a lawyer for several of the people with cases against Fox, called the announcement of Brandi's leave "long overdue." He said the real question is whether Fox will apologize to the people he represents.
Former Fox co-president, Bill Shine, left the network in May after also being named in lawsuits for failing to correct behavior at the network. Popular personality Bill O'Reilly was ousted this spring when it was revealed Fox had paid five women a total of $13 million to keep quiet about harassment allegations.
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
The Alberta Winter Games will be in Wood Buffalo this year. Two members of the Zone 6 archery team discuss the event.
PITTSBURGH — The weather keeps wreaking havoc on the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Detroit Tigers.
Steady rain at PNC Park on Tuesday forced the clubs to postpone a game for the third time in the first month of the season.
The game was the 28th postponement in the majors this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping those records in 1986. Baltimore and Tampa Bay were also rained out on Tuesday.
Detroit and Pittsburgh will make up the game with a straight doubleheader on Wednesday starting at 4:05 p.m.
This is the second time the teams will play a doubleheader this season and the third time they've had to reschedule due to weather. Wintry conditions pushed back opening day at Comerica Park on March 29 and their game on March 31 was also postponed. Pittsburgh swept a doubleheader from the Tigers on April 1. Detroit also had two games against the New York Yankees wiped out earlier this month.
Pittsburgh will send out Jameson Taillon (2-1, 2.86) in Game 1 against Detroit's Jordan Zimmermann (1-0, 7.71). Chad Kuhl (2-1, 4.57), who had been scheduled to start on Tuesday and was originally slated to take the hill for the opener of the doubleheader, will face Matthew Boyd (0-1, 1.40) in the nightcap.
The Pirates have dropped six of seven following a hot start, while the Tigers have won five of seven.
Pittsburgh's offence has cooled off during its current slide and manager Clint Hurdle believes his team's struggles are part of a somewhat larger trend, one the weather is impacting. There could be more strikeouts than hits across the majors in a month for the first time, and Hurdle pointed to frigid temperatures as an issue.
"This has been the most challenging weather I've ever been a part of, and I'm not playing," said Hurdle, who spent a decade in the majors as a player from 1977-87 before going into coaching. "It's hard to hit when it's cold."
Pittsburgh had more strikeouts than hits in each game while dropping a four-game set with Philadelphia last week. Hurdle pointed to his own experiences as a player as proof that when conditions aren't ideal, hitting can become painful.
MORE products and exhibitors are expected to join this year's Sandugo Trade Expo, an event organized by the Department of Trade and Industry in Central Visayas (DTI-7).
At least 150 exhibitors coming from 10 different regions in the country will converge at the Island City Mall in Tagbilaran City, Bohol for the expo dubbed as “Best of the Islands” from July 25 to 29.
“Our initial sales target was P22 million but we just decided to increase it to P25 million based on the increase in the number of exhibitors. Our (initial) target exhibitors this year was only 140,” said DTI-7 Regional Director Asteria Caberte in a press conference yesterday.
Products on display will include those identified under DTI's One Town One Product (OTOP) Program, which supports micro, small, medium enterprises (MSMEs) to manufacture and market distinctive products or services through the use of indigenous raw materials and local skills and talents.
“We will also highlight other emerging sectors like the coffee industry and cacao or chocolate. We will have a cafeteria at the expo where we will showcase local coffee entrepreneurs as well as chocolate and tablea,” she said.
They will also put up a display of souvenir items, wearables, furniture, furnishings, fashion accessories, processed food, gifts, and decors.
Among the fast-selling products in the past year's expos are antique-looking furniture, food products like chicharon, peanuts, banana chips and processed food.
Caberte said the majority of the exhibitors will come from Cebu while the rest will come from other parts of Central Visayas. There will also those who will come from Caraga, the Cordillera Administrative Region, Western Visayas, Eastern Visayas, the Zamboanga Peninsula, Calabarzon, Northern Mindanao and the Davao Region.
MSMEs that were also part of the Kapatid Mentor Micro Enterprises (KMME) Program of DTI-7 will also be putting up their display of products during the expo. Among the mentees from Cebu are Hannah's Handicraft, JJW Fashion Center, and Jestrera's Bakeshop.
Caberte said national and international buyers, including exporters, buying agents, wholesalers, retailers, manufacturers, and subcontractors are expected to visit the display areas.
DTI-7, she said, is looking forward to accommodating more visitors and buyers in this year's expo as the Tigum Bol-Anon Tibuok Kalibutan (TBTK) event, which gathers Boholanos who now live in other parts of the world, to the province during the Sandugo month, will also be happening during the same dates.
A total of 123 exhibitors joined the 2017 expo and they were able to generate P18 million in sales, according to the DTI-7. In 2016, they were able to generate P20 million in revenues.
The Illinois Department of Transportation on Wednesday announced a change in the lane closures on Interstate 55 from mile marker 24 to mile markers 26 north of Illinois 143 starting Thursday.
I-55 will continue to be restricted to one lane in each direction, but traffic will be switched over to the southbound bridge, allowing work to begin on the northbound structure. The new configuration will be used throughout the remainder of the project. The work is expected to be complete by the end of September.
Motorists are urged to use caution, obey all warning signs and allow extra time when traveling through the work zone.
For more information, visit IDOT District 8's Twitter page or click here.
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said on Wednesday he would step down as the leader of his Social Democrat party but remain the head of the government, a move to shore up his party's prospects before an October parliamentary election.
PRAGUE: Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said on Wednesday he would step down as the leader of his Social Democrat party but remain the head of the government, a move to shore up his party's prospects before an October parliamentary election.
The changes in the party come as the Social Democrats slip further in polls behind the junior ruling party ANO, led by the billionaire former finance minister Andrej Babis.
(Reporting by Robert Muller; Writing by Jason Hovet; Editing by Larry King)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dongxu Optoelectronic Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER PLANS TO BUY COMPANY SHARES BY 500 MILLION YUAN TO 1.5 BILLION YUAN ($238.21 million) WITHIN SIX MONTHS Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2BLCCwZ Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2969 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Feb. 3, 2018 is officially John Lewis Day in the city of Troy.
Lewis is a Georgia congressman and a native of Pike County. He was known by Dr. Martin Luther King as the “boy from Troy.”
“Before Dr. King passed, and when I would see him, he would always say to me, 'How is the boy from Troy doing?' And it brought a smile to me,” said Lewis.
Lewis organized sit-down demonstrations, and participated in the Freedom Rides. By doing so he suffered brutal beatings. He recalled his more than 40 arrests, attacks and injuries in the 60's during the Civil Rights Movement.
Lewis said that while there are still some things that still need to be changed, the “world is a much better world” than it was a few decades ago.
“The state of Alabama is a much better state. Troy is a much better city and Pike County is a much better county,” Lewis said.
At Saturday's ceremony, Lewis was honored by the city of Troy with a historic marker, a key to the city and a portrait.
"I never dreamed there would be a marker for me in Troy, Alabama. So, when I saw it I teared up and I couldn't go on speaking because I think about everything, you know, growing up on a farm about eight miles from here and working on the field picking cotton and gathering peanuts,” he said.
Mayor of Troy Jason Reeves said he couldn't think of anyone more deserving of a day than John Lewis.
“To have someone from our community that is just, you know, on the front line that led the fight for civil rights and continues to do so much for so many we just couldn't be any prouder,” said Reeves. “We're just honored that he's allowed us to honor him.”
Lewis spoke Friday night at the 17th annual Leadership Conference in Troy.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
Investors will be cautious due to Gujarat state elections, the first phase of which was completed on 9 December. Photo: AFP
Mumbai: As the year is drawing to a close, few crucial events like Gujarat polls and Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting outcome will be decisive factors for markets ahead. Investors will be cautious due to Gujarat state elections, the first phase of which was completed on 9 December.
According to the Election Commission, there was a 4.6 percentage point drop in voter turnout in the first round of Gujarat elections this year compared to 2012. The remaining will vote on 14 December and the results will be declared on 18 December.
“The markets are slowly factoring in the muted outcome if any from the Gujarat elections, therefore any positive surprises later will lift the market into new bull orbit, but at the same time any negative surprises can equally whack the markets into panic. Such eventuality, if it happens, would be another opportunity after demonetization to invest aggressively in the market,” said Jimeet Modi, founder and chief executive officer, SAMCO Securities.
According to Nagaraj Shetti, technical research analyst, HDFC Securities, sharp upside bounce in the Nifty last week could be a cheering factor for bulls to make a comeback and this upside momentum is likely to continue this week. “The overall chart pattern is indicating a possibility of further upside potential up to 10350-75 levels by next week and there is a possibility of near-term downward correction from the highs,” he added.
Meanwhile, the US Federal Reserve is widely expected to increase benchmark interest rates after its two-day meet that ends on 13 December. The central bank has already hiked rates twice this year. Economists will particularly focus on Fed's forecast in chairperson Janet Yellen's last press conference.
“Global markets will keenly await US Fed's commentary on interest and inflation outlook. Although it is now certain that interest rate will be raised by 0.25 basis points this time, any hawkish outlook on the inflation front can cause a worldwide selloff in equities and commodities alike,” added Modi.
Back home, the winter session of Parliament is scheduled to be held from 15 December to 5 January, with 14 sittings of both Houses during the 21-day session. Last year, the month-long winter session began on 16 November and ended on 16 December, with 22 sittings of both Houses.
In the primary markets, Astron Paper and Board Mill's initial public (IPO) will open for subscription this week. The Rs70-crore IPO has set a price band of Rs45 and Rs50 per equity share. Shalby Ltd, Ahmedabad-based multi-specialty hospital chain will make its stock market debut this week. The issue which was subscribed 2.8 times in the share sale which closed on Thursday aimed to raise Rs504 crore.
On the macro front, the government will issue consumer price index (CPI) and index of industrial production (IIP) data on Tuesday. According to a Bloomberg survey, CPI will be at 4.26% in November against 3.58% in October. IIP probably rose 2.8% year-on-year in October versus 3.8% gain in September, the survey said.
The government will also issue wholesale price index (WPI) data on Thursday. The Bloomberg survey shows that WPI will be at 3.8% in November compared to 3.59% in October.
Magic Touch in Cerritos is the second bullet train sushi restaurant in the United States. Sarah Bennett
Magic Touch Bullet Train Sushi in Cerritos does not look like an ordinary sushi restaurant. There is no visible sushi bar, no traditional waitstaff, and in the place of tables spread across an open floor plan, there are several long rows of booths and counter seats, all arranged with access to a small rail-like system that winds out of a hole in the kitchen wall and through the dining area.
After you're seated (via a tablet-managed waitlist) and punch your order into a tableside iPad (maximum four dishes at a time), the bizarre double-decker beltway is how Magic Touch delivers its affordable sushi rolls, fried appetizers, mochi balls and more to customers – direct from the chef to your seat via “high-speed” miniature bullet trains.
The technology for loading digitally ordered dishes onto model bullet trains was first developed by the Japanese chain Genki Sushi, an industry leader in those popular revolving (conveyor-belt) sushi restaurants. Last year, Genki converted its conveyor-belt-equipped location in Santa Ana – where slow foot traffic meant pre-fab rolls swirled around the room untouched for hours — into the country's first Genki Bullet Express.
Magic Touch Bullet Train Sushi opened in March as the second of its kind in the country and the first in L.A. County. But because the restaurant is not in the Genki family, it was able to re-think the server-free concept and make some tweaks for American audiences.
Sarah Bennett
The most immediately noticeable upgrade is the elimination of Genki's campiness, which started at its angry-emoji logo and continued with bright booths, wild interior design and a custom ordering program that remains designed with Japanese users in mind.
Magic Touch, by contrast, is all-around sleeker, with a subtle color scheme, DIY (from a spout at your table) hot green tea and much simpler tablet menu (which automatically sends the train back after you take your food off – no need to press a button!), all of which makes the bullet train delivery seem less like a gimmick and more like a crucial part of the entire future-of-sushi experience.
It also makes for fewer distractions from the food itself, which runs an extensive gamut from creatively topped variations on California rolls (average price for four pieces: $2.50) to tempura-stocked udon noodle bowls ($5.25) to delicately prepped slices of fish (raw, seared or topped) that are higher quality than anything else you can find in L.A. for the same price (most nigiri or sashimi here cost $2.75).
Fried oyster sushi "taco" Sarah Bennett
Not without local flair, the menu also includes three sushi “tacos” – a Magic Touch invention that drops a fried oyster, a snow crab chirashi or a spicy shrimp tempura onto a big nori square. For dessert, there are fruit jellies, cut fruit, cheesecake and mochi ice cream.
Seared salmon combo Sarah Bennett
All this comes whizzing directly to your table within minutes of you pressing “send” on the iPad, an immediacy familiar to anyone who's used Postmates or UberEats. And with bins of ginger, packets of wasabi, napkins, cups, soy sauce and chopsticks already stocked on each table, the employees simply walk the aisles, bussing empty plates and refilling (non-tea) drinks.
The only time you absolutely have to interact with a staffer is at the end of your meal. When you've had your fill of small plates, review your bill, then hit the “call attendant” button on the tablet and someone will bring the check to your table for payment. Bullet train technology might be the future of sushi delivery, but you still need a human touch once in a while.
11900 South St. Ste 105, Cerritos. (562) 402-5177.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Japan's defence chief and foreign minister will meet their U.S. counterparts on Thursday to reaffirm Washington's commitment to defending Japan, including the use of its nuclear deterrent, as threats from North Korea intensify.
TOKYO: Japan's defence chief and foreign minister will meet their U.S. counterparts on Thursday to reaffirm Washington's commitment to defending Japan, including the use of its nuclear deterrent, as threats from North Korea intensify.
Japan's Minister of Defence, Itsunori Onodera, and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Taro Kono, travel to the U.S. capital this week for "two-plus-two" meetings with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the Japanese government announced on Tuesday.
The meetings come with tensions high in East Asia with North Korea threatening to fire missiles into the waters close to the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam. The missiles would have to fly over Japan to reach their target worrying Tokyo that warheads or missile debris could fall on its territory.
U.S. President Donald Trump has warned of "fire and fury" if North Korea threatens the United States, and said the U.S. military is "locked and loaded".
"The strategic environment is becoming harsher and we need to discuss how we will respond to that," a Japanese foreign ministry official said in a briefing in Tokyo. "We will look for the U.S. to reaffirm it defence commitment, including the nuclear deterrent," he added.
Under Japan's alliance treaty with the United States, Washington has pledged to defend Japan. It has put Japan under its nuclear umbrella, meaning it could respond to any attack on Japan with atomic weapons.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A renewed commitment by Washington to that promise would reassure Tokyo as it looks to bolster its defences against possible North Korean military action.
(Reporting by Tim Kelly; Editing by Michael Perry)
A Jharkhand minister has courted controversy by organising a bizarre event at the state's Dumaria village on Sunday. Simon Marandi of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) had organised a "kissing competition", wherein tribal couples were asked to lock lips in the village, which falls in his Littipara constituency.
According to a report on India Today, Marandi said the event was being organised to "strengthen the bond" among married couples, and to reduce the divorce rate among the state's tribal community. Another MLA from the JMM, Stephen Marandi, was also present at the event, the report said.
Jharkhand: Kissing contest organized for married couples at a Mela in Dumaria village of Pakur on 10th December. Jharkhand Mukti Morcha legislator Simon Marandi was also present at the event. pic.twitter.com/sCS8PeMoDw — ANI (@ANI) December 12, 2017
Three couples were awarded prizes as part of the competition.
Speaking to reporters on Monday, Simon Marandi said, "The kissing competition was organised to promote love and modernity. Tribal people are hesitant. The hesitation of tribal couples will end by kissing openly in the competition."
He also said it would help in promoting understanding between couples and prevent divorces. The programme was attended by hundreds of people.
However, the BJP has reacted sharply to the news, and has demanded Marandi's ouster from the party.
"JMM MLAs Simon Marandi and Stephen Marandi have insulted the culture of Santhal Pargana in the by organising a 'kissing competition'. We demand their suspension from the House and not allowing them to attend the Winter Session starting from Tuesday," BJP's Hemlal Murmu was quoted as saying in the India Today report.
Apple Inc on Monday confirmed it had reached a deal to acquire Shazam Entertainment Ltd, the U.K.-based app that lets users identify songs by pointing a smart phone at the audio source.
SAN FRANSICO: Apple Inc on Monday confirmed it had reached a deal to acquire Shazam Entertainment Ltd, the U.K.-based app that lets users identify songs by pointing a smart phone at the audio source.
Apple did not give a price for the acquisition. Technology news website TechCrunch reported the deal on Friday with a price of as much as US$400 million, far short of the most recent US$1 billion valuation for privately held Shazam.
Apple said Shazam would be a “natural fit” with its Apple Music streaming service and it would help users discover new songs. Apple Music has 27 million users and competes against Spotify Ltd, which has 60 million users. Apple said Shazam's team would be joining the Cupertino company.
In a statement, Apple spokesman Tom Neumayr said Shazam “is used by hundreds of millions of people around the world, across multiple platforms. ... We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement.”
Apple did not elaborate on its plans, but the company will not be able to make any major changes to Shazam until it secures regulatory approval.
Shazam is also available on Android-based devices, but Apple did not say whether it would keep the Android version available. Shazam ended support for a version of its software that runs on Microsoft Corp's Windows PCs earlier this year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Jenson Button will return to racing next season but not in Formula One after spending one year too many in the sport, the Briton said on Friday.
SUZUKA, Japan: Jenson Button will return to racing next season but not in Formula One after spending one year too many in the sport, the Briton said on Friday.
The 2009 world champion raced in the 'Suzuka 1000km' endurance race earlier this year as a one off, on the same circuit as this weekend's Japanese Grand Prix.
Despite his desire to resume racing since giving up his seat at McLaren-Honda at the end of the 2016 season, the 37-year-old said that he had no qualms about leaving his Formula One career in the past.
"Do I miss F1? No, I don't," Button told reporters on Friday.
"I miss racing. I'd sort of fallen out of love a little bit with motorsport. I think that maybe I left it a year too long, racing in Formula One."
Button, who won his only world title with Brawn, raced in Formula One for 17 seasons.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He remains the last driver to have won a race for McLaren, nearly five years ago at the 2012 season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix, and has stayed on as the team's ambassador and reserve driver.
The 15-times grand prix winner made a cameo at this year's Monaco event, standing in for former teammate Fernando Alonso, who chose to skip the sport's blue riband race to compete in the Indy 500 instead.
But Button has otherwise spent a majority of his time in the United States training for triathlons.
"It's nice to have some free time and sort of look back on the last 17 years because while you're racing in F1 you don't do that," he said.
"It's been very emotional actually. It's been lovely and it's been necessary as well."
However, Button added that his Suzuka appearance earlier in the year had rekindled his love for racing, just not enough to consider competing against the likes of Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel again.
"It's been a while since I've had that feeling so I've been itching to drive anything to be fair," said Button, who also ruled out racing in the American IndyCar single-seater series and Formula E.
"So next year I'll be racing something. I don't know what yet, whether it'll be in America or in Europe or in Japan. But there are few options and I want to do a full season and take it properly seriously."
(Reporting by Abhishek Takle; Editing by Christian Radnedge)
TeamBC took home a record 146 medals at the Canada Summer Games in Winnipeg. That got the province second place to Ontario's 212 medals at the national sporting event which saw thousands of athletes from all over the country compete for gold.
It was the last medal of the Summer Games that broke the previous record of 145, a gold won by the women's softball team on Sunday.
WATCH: Highlights form the games:
The list of gold medal winners is:
Jerome Blake, Kelowna – men's 200-m race
Malcolm Jovahny Borsoi – men's 200-m Special Olympics race
Jesse Hooton, Surrey – men's 5000-m race
Jackson Cheung, Vancouver – men's 110-m hurdles
Megan Champoux, Aldergrove – women's 400-m hurdles
Jake Hanna, Surrey – men's 400-m hurdles
Grace Fetherstonhaugh, New Westminster – women's 3000-m steeplechase
TeamBC – women's 100-m relay, men's 100-m relay
David Thomas Boyd, Victoria – men's pole vault
Dakoda Darling, Grand Forks – men's para pole shot put
Kaila Butler, Port Coquitlam – women's hammer
Sam Willett, Victoria – men's hammer
Cassidy MacPherson, Maple Ridge – women's canoe/kayak 5000-m
Gillian Ellsay, Courtenay – women's individual cycling time trial, cycling criterium
Rhys Harley Verner, Squamish – men's mountain bike sprint
TeamBC – men's mountain bike relay
TeamBC – women's rowing lightweight double sculls, women's rowing pair, women's rowing four, women's rowing eight with coxswain
TeamBC – women's softball
Tyler Wall, Penticton – men's 100-m freestyle, men's 50-m freestyle
Jesse Shade, Campbell River – men's special olympics 100-m freestyle, men's Special Olympics 100-m freestyle, men's Special Olympics 50-m breaststroke, men's Special Olympics 100-m backstroke
Raben Dommann, North Vancouver, men's 400-m freestyle, 800-m freestyle, 1,500-m freestyle, men's 5000-m open water
TeamBC – men's 200-m freestyle relay, women's 200-m freestyle relay
Genny Verge, Sechelt – women's Special Olympics 100-m backstroke
Acacia Kathryn Benn, Penticton – women's 200-m backstroke
Bailey Paula Herbert, Surrey – 200-m medley, 400-m medley
Desirae Ridenour, Cowichan Bay – women's triathlon
TeamBC – men's triathlon relay, women's triathlon relay, mixed triathlon relay
TeamBC – men's beach volleyball
TeamBC – women's wrestling team
Emilee Lai, Coquitlam – women's wrestling 38-40 kg
Alexia Seal, Mission – women's wrestling up to 44 kg
Jacqueline Lew, Coquitlam – women's wrestling up to 52 kg
Victoria Seal, B.C. – women's wrestling up to 56 kg
Jade Trolland, Abbotsford – women's wrestling up to 60 kg
Sara Brinkac, Burnaby – women's wrestling up to 64 kg
Ana Paula Godinez, B.C. – women's wrestling up to 69 g
For the other winners, visit the Canada Summer Games site here.
Beijing
The Chinese economy is performing well and reforms in several key sectors are making good progress, a senior IMF official said here Wednesday. “China's financial sector de-risking accelerated with a wide range of decisive measures adopted; credit growth slowed; overcapacity reduction progressed; anti-pollution efforts intensified; and opening up continued,” according to a statement issued by James Daniel, assistant director of the Asia and Pacific Department of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), after the IMF annual Article IV review of the Chinese economy.
An IMF team, led by James Daniel, visited Beijing and Shenzhen from May 17 to 30, to hold discussions on the annual review, and projected China's economic growth of 6.6 percent for 2018, which will moderate gradually to 5.5 percent by 2023. According to Daniel, the IMF welcomed China's strategy of decisively shifting from high-speed to high-quality growth.—Xinhua
JALALABAD, Afghanistan: Pressed by Afghan and U.S. forces, Islamic State militants have seized a new stronghold in Tora Bora, a mountainous area dotted with caves along Afghanistan's border with Pakistan, officials said on Thursday.
The remote region in Nangarhar province was most famously used by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in late 2001, in a bid to hold out against the U.S. troops and Afghan allies who toppled the Taliban regime.
Now Afghan officials say Islamic State militants have seized cave complexes in Tora Bora, after days of fighting against Taliban who had been based there.
"Those areas around Tora Bora were a Taliban stronghold, but now Daesh militants captured them during fighting," the police commander in the area, Shah Wali, told Reuters, using an Arabic term for Islamic State.
Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid acknowledged that Islamic State forces had managed to capture several villages, but he denied that they had seized Tora Bora.
Advertisement
Advertisement
General John Nicholson, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, has vowed to defeat Islamic State there this year, and in April used one of the largest conventional bombs ever dropped in combat to target a cave complex used by Islamic State in the nearby district of Achin.
"After Achin, Daesh was looking for a second stronghold and now they have it," Wali said.
Abu Omar Khorasani, an Islamic State commander in Afghanistan, told Reuters that his fighters had seized Tora Bora and were also battling government troops, who are backed by U.S. ground troops and aircraft.
"We are in Tora Bora but this is not the end," Khorasani said. "The plan is to take more territory from the government and the Taliban."
The fighting has sent hundreds of families fleeing, said Malek Tor, a tribal elder who put the number of Islamic State fighters in the area in the hundreds.
Government forces have launched new operations targeting Islamic State, but more fighters are being recruited or crossing the border from Pakistan, said Attahullah Khogyani, spokesman for the Nangarhar governor's office.
"You kill one Daesh fighter and 10 more come from the border or are recruited here," he said.
(Writing by Josh Smith; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Clifford was announced Wednesday as the new coach of the Magic, a team that has missed the playoffs in each of the last six years. Clifford — who spent the last five seasons as coach of the Charlotte Hornets — was an assistant coach on Stan Van Gundy's Magic staff for five years, including during the team's most recent playoff run in 2012.
SEOUL: South Korean President Moon Jae-In hopes to "normalise" ties with giant neighbour China on his first state visit to the country this week, his office said on Monday (Dec 11), after Beijing was infuriated by a US missile system deployment.
Seoul and Washington decided to install the powerful US THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense) system in the South earlier this year to guard against threats from the nuclear-armed North.
Beijing saw it as a threat to its own security and reacted furiously, slapping a string of measures against South Korean businesses and banning group tours to the South, in moves seen as economic retaliation.
China is the South's top trading partner and the diplomatic row took a major toll on many South Korean firms, most notably retail giant Lotte Group, which provided the land to host the powerful US missile system.
Angry boycott campaigns and regulatory crackdowns by Chinese authorities decimated its business in the world's second-largest economy, and it was forced to put its supermarket unit in China up for sale.
But last month the two countries issued identically-worded statements on their mutual desire to improve relations.
Advertisement
Advertisement
It did not state any specifics, but Beijing has demanded that Seoul formally promise not to deploy any more THAAD launchers and not to join any regional US missile defence system.
Nam Gwan-Pyo, a deputy director of the presidential national security office, did not give reporters details of any concrete steps that could be expected from Moon's four-day trip - his first to China since taking power in May.
But he said it would be a turning point in relations towards a "more mature" relationship, he said, "by recovering bilateral trust and strengthening friendship between the leaders of the two nations".
Ties recently showed some - albeit limited - signs of thaw as China's state tourism board approved last month Seoul-bound group tours from some parts of China.
Moon heads to Beijing on Wednesday and will hold a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping the following day to discuss issues including how to curb the North's nuclear weapons drive, Nam added.
China - the North's sole diplomatic ally and economic lifeline - has stepped up sanctions on the North amid pressure from the US and the international community to play a bigger role in taming its regime.
Beijing has backed recent UN sanctions imposed on the North over its nuclear and missile tests, including a ban on coal imports, although it repeatedly pushed for talks to defuse the tensions.
It has urged a "double freeze" on both North Korean weapons tests and joint military exercises by Seoul and Washington - an idea consistently rejected by the US and South Korea.
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (WIVB) — A man who admitted to planning a terror attack at a Rochester bar on New Year's Eve, two years ago, now wants to “take back” his plea.
Earlier this year, Emanuel Lutchman pleaded guilty to conspiracy to provide material support to ISIS.
He was sentenced to 20 years in prison.
In court papers that were recently filed, Lutchman claims he was “duped” into the plea deal by a Jewish attorney.
Lutchman was represented in federal court by an assistant federal public defender who is not Jewish.
OUAGADOUGOU: At least 18 people including foreigners were killed and a dozen others wounded in a "terrorist attack" by suspected militants on a Turkish restaurant in the Burkina Faso capital, the government said on Monday (Aug 14).
Two assailants were also killed by security forces who launched a counter-assault following Sunday night's attack on the restaurant popular with foreigners, Communications Minister Remis Dandjinou said. It was not clear how many gunmen were involved.
The security operation "has ended" but searches are continuing in buildings in the Ouagadougou neighbourhood around the restaurant, Dandjinou told a press briefing early Monday carried on social media.
The Istanbul restaurant is just 200 metres from a hotel and cafe targeted in an assault in January 2016 that left 30 people dead and 71 wounded, many of them foreigners. That attack was claimed by the Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) group.
A government statement described the latest deadly shooting as a "terrorist attack", while President Roch Marc Christian Kabore condemned it as "a despicable attack that has Ouagadougou in mourning."
"The fight against terrorism is a long-term struggle," he said in a Twitter message.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A police officer who spoke to AFP on condition of anonymity cited witnesses as saying at least two assailants arrived on a motorcycle around 9:00 pm (2100 GMT) on Sunday armed with Kalashnikovs, and opened fire on the Istanbul restaurant.
A waiter also said he saw "three men arrive on a 4X4 vehicle around 9:30 pm, get off the vehicle and open fire on customers seated on the terrace".
Dandjinou had earlier said that "some people were held" by the assailants and that "some were released", but gave no further details. He said the 18 victims were of different nationalities, both Burkinabes and foreigners.
Turkey said one of its citizens was among the dead, while Paris prosecutors said at least one French national died in the shooting, which French President Emmanuel Macron condemned as a "terrorist attack."
Security forces launched a counter-assault at around 10.15pm against the assailants who were hiding in the building, the police officer said.
The shooting was intense at first and then sporadic, an AFP journalist at the scene reported.
Video footage posted on Twitter showed people fleeing, as shouting and gunshots are heard. Armed officers in uniform are then seen walking towards the attack site.
The gunfire ended around 5am on Monday, according to an AFP journalist who was near the restaurant.
'OVERWHELMED'
The wounded were taken to Yalgado Ouedraogo hospital.
"We are overwhelmed," one surgeon told AFP on condition of anonymity. "We have received about a dozen wounded, including three who have died. The condition of the other wounded is critical. Three of them are currently being operated on."
Burkina Faso, a poor landlocked nation bordering Mali and Niger, has seen a string of attacks claimed by militant groups in recent years.
In December 2016, a dozen soldiers were killed in an assault on their base in the north of the country. And in October that year there was an attack that killed four troops and two civilians.
In the January 2016 assault, AQIM gunmen attacked the Splendid hotel and the Cappuccino restaurant opposite, both popular with Westerners.
AQIM named the three gunmen responsible and published photos of them, dressed in military fatigues and wielding weapons.
The hotel and cafe attack came weeks after militants claimed an assault on a top hotel in Bamako, capital of neighbouring Mali, that killed 20 people.
There have also been kidnappings - of Burkinabes as well as foreigners. An Australian and a Romanian, abducted in 2015, are still being held hostage by extremist groups affiliated with Al-Qaeda.
A Vernon orchard has a unique way of keeping the birds away from its bumper cherry crop. (Submitted Photo)
VERNON, B.C. — You usually see them on the side of the road, wiggly arms and tube body bouncing around trying to attract people to a sale.
But a B.C. farmer has found a great use for the air dancers (or air rangers), which have protected his crop from pesky birds.
Peter's U-Pick Orchard has rescued a bumper crop in large part thanks to the fun inflatables he used to protect his cherries.
“They are working great compared to previous years where we would have flocks of birds on the early cherries now we just barely see a Jay or two in there compared to flocks of 20-40 at a time,” said owner Peter Sidorczuk.
“I got the idea from our neighbour, the Krugers, they tried one last year in their grapes and she said it is working. So I did a bit of research online and bought three of them to try this year and am impressed.
“It is a great idea.”
See related: Cherry grower hopes to avoid helicopter use
The BX orchard, which opened for the season Saturday, also used a device called bird guard to protect the early cherries. Designed in Australia, the bird guard randomly emits bird distress calls.
Combined with the air dancers, there are plenty of cherries available at the farm this year. Plus the devices have helped keep pesky birds from the Peter's peaches and apricots.
Peter's U-Pick, on Rimer Road, is open seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
@VernonNews
jennifer@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk said the electric carmaker has rescheduled the unveiling of its semi-truck to Nov. 16 as it diverts resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks and increase battery production for Puerto Rico and other affected areas.
REUTERS: Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk said the electric carmaker has rescheduled the unveiling of its semi-truck to Nov. 16 as it diverts resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks and increase battery production for Puerto Rico and other affected areas.
Tesla has delayed the unveiling of the truck, called Tesla Semi, for the second time this year.
Earlier in the day, Musk said the company will send more battery installers to Puerto Rico to help restore power after Hurricane Maria knocked out power on the island over two weeks ago.
(Reporting by Munsif Vengattil in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
A Golden Globe nominee in previous years for her work in “Brooklyn” and “Atonement,” Saoirse Ronan was recognized by the Hollywood Foreign Press Assn. on Monday morning for her portrayal of the title character in “Lady Bird.” A vivid account of a mother-daughter relationship, the film is also a contender for best picture in the musical or comedy category.
Below, Ronan shares her secrets to having fun at awards shows as well as “Lady Bird” and its writer-director, Greta Gerwig.
Where are you?
I'm back in Ireland now -- just outside of Dublin. It's 20 past four. I'm having a glass of Prosecco and my dog is laying next to me. We think she's a west Highland terrier and golden retriever. She's asleep, so she doesn't seem too excited. My mam is lighting candles to set the mood.
Will she come to the Globes with you?
Yeah. [To her] Mam, you'll come to the Golden Globes? She says 'maybe.' She might have to look after the dog.
Did you finally see "Lady Bird" with her?
Yes, and it was amazing. I said to her before we went in -- "OK, mom, let's go to a regular screening and see it with a normal audience -- not film people. Every screening has been pretty packed, so forgive me if I have to keep my head down when we go into the cinema." I'm preparing to go into the theater in disguise, and there were like six people in the whole cinema.
But she absolutely loved it, and the thing that stayed with her the most was Laurie's performance and how well she captured what it was to be a mother.
But you've said you guys didn't butt heads quite as much as Lady Bird and her mom, right?
No. I wish I was as ballsy as Lady Bird — but I'm sure mam wouldn't have appreciated me throwing myself out of the car.
You're a veteran of award shows at this point -- do you still get excited by nominations?
It definitely doesn't lose its sparkle. If it's a film you really loved, it's even more exciting. Over the last month or so, Greta and I have gotten to share in all this.
Greta didn't get nominated for directing, nor did any female filmmakers. How do you feel about that?
I think Greta should win all the awards and she's deserving of them all. Not only because it's her first film and it's so impressive, but this is the first time she's officially done it on her own. I mean this without being biased, really — she's made a film that even technically speaking is spot-on.
I think it's really important we got the best picture nomination. That is essentially hers, so she has been represented in that way. But I guess it's an onward journey to make sure that female filmmakers are being represented. I think the people who have been nominated -- even like myself and Emma Stone -- we can all go out there with our heads held high, because the talk of the town right now are the great female filmmakers.
What's your trick to having fun at award shows?
You have to bring someone that you know you're going to have fun with. So I would usually bring my mam or one of my best mates, and whenever I've brought them with me I end up having so much fun. It's great if you win, but it's also totally fine if you don't because you're going to have a few drinks and see people you like. And you can go off afterwards and have a laugh.
I've gone to McDonald's or In-N-Out after award shows and that's been the best part of the night.
How was your experience hosting "Saturday Night Live" recently?
It was weird, because "SNL" is sort of a combination of being on a film set and being in the theater. Once you get through the monologue, you're fine. With the clothing changes, you're basically just thrown from one place to the next, and you have to stand there as they pull things off you and bring you over to the set. You get such a rush from it, you're literally just sprinting from set to set.
EXPAND The Icarus Line in 2013, with Alvin DeGuzman, right, on bass Steve Gullick
If you've been following local music at all since the late 1990s, you're probably aware of The Icarus Line. Known as the pissed-off quintet who hated everyone and everything, the guys who'd trash their gear onstage and take all your drugs, the group had an aura surrounding them that far too often overshadowed the music. As someone who has known The Icarus Line since they were a high school ska-punk band called Kanker Sores, I often wondered how guitarist and bassist Alvin DeGuzman felt about this hard-partying, confrontational reputation.
I met Kanker Sores around 1996. Although I had seen the band once, it wasn't until my friend Aaron North befriended the South Pasadena group that I got to know singer-guitarist Joe Cardamone, bassist Keith Whitworth, drummer Tim Childs and DeGuzman (and, later, bassist Lance Arnao). Once Aaron joined Kanker Sores, I'd regularly make the trips from the South Bay to Cardamone's home, where the band practiced. I was at every show and, eventually, when Kanker Sores had a lull in their set, the members would play an improvised hip-hop song and Cardamone would hand me the microphone so I could rhyme. This teenage emceeing, along with the fact that I'd taken it upon myself to sing backups into Alvin's microphone without anyone's permission, means that, for a moment, I guess I became the unofficial sixth member of the band.
No one in Kanker Sores seemed to mind that I sang backups without asking, but definitely not Alvin. Just as George Harrison was the quiet Beatle, Alvin — who died Wednesday after a nearly three-year battle with bone cancer — was the nicest, quietest member of The Icarus Line. In fact, after I visited him a few weeks ago at San Gabriel Valley Medical Center (where he was in the intensive care unit) with former Icarus Line guitarist Aaron North and our friend Steve DeLuca, I realized I had seen Alvin angry only once, which is quite a statement considering I've known him for more than half my life.
It was during a Kanker Sores show at the Showcase Theatre where, for reasons I don't remember, I decided to get Alvin's attention by tapping his guitar during a break in their set. This, as any Kanker Sores member will tell you, was a dumb move, because in those days, Alvin often had problems with his gear. And of course, by tapping his guitar, I had caused his input jack to stop receiving a signal from his cord. Alvin looked down and gave me a menacing look, and at that moment I thought I had just ended the show. (I hadn't.) Afterward, he was all smiles, as if my snafu hadn't happened.
To say Alvin was vital to The Icarus Line would be an understatement. Facebook
Twitter
More shares recommend reddit email
Alvin's reserved and calm demeanor was easily overlooked in the cacophony that became The Icarus Line. Whenever his bandmates were jumping across the stage, throwing guitars and kicking over drum sets, there was always one person who stood stoically, playing through the chaos because, hey, someone had to. That person was Alvin.
To say Alvin was vital to The Icarus Line would be an understatement. Besides being one of only two original members left (along with Cardamone) when the group recently disbanded, at different points in the band's existence he played guitar, bass and keyboards. Whether it was a psychedelic slide guitar on “Up Against the Wall Motherfuckers” or a fuzzed-out bassline on “FSHN FVR,” Alvin's influence was always heard, Cardamone wrote in a Facebook post announcing his friend and bandmate's death.
“For years he taught the band to play my music,” Cardamone wrote. “It's completely impossible to overstate what kind of sacrifice that is. There was no money involved, there was very little in the way of recognition, it was just what he did with his life. ... It was his music too and he understood that. I have spent my entire life writing about those close to me and he knew that we were telling the stories of our friends. He knew exactly why it was important and never questioned its nobility.”
Perhaps Alvin's tenure in The Icarus Line is what taught him how to remain stable in moments of instability. Or maybe that's just who he was. During his battle with cancer, Alvin never asked for sympathy, didn't say much about his situation on social media, and wasn't about to let something like the ICU keep him from enjoying his life. Of course, being hospitalized and hooked to tubes is no one's idea of a good time, but even in such a dire situation, Alvin remained Alvin. He didn't know we were visiting him that Sunday afternoon, so when I approached his room, Alvin saw me through the glass wall, threw his arms into the air and screamed “Whhhoooaaa!” as loudly as he could. He did the exact same thing once he saw Steve and Aaron behind me.
EXPAND Alvin DeGuzman Steve Gullick
Alvin stood from his bed, a move he probably shouldn't have made, but he didn't care because he was going to hug each of us. His hair had turned silver, and as I wrapped my arms around him, I could feel how frail he had become. It was then that I realized I was visiting my friend not just to say hello but also to say goodbye.
It's not my place to get into the conflicts between former Icarus Line members, but if Alvin had any issues with Aaron, he definitely didn't have this day. Alvin's loudest “whoa” and longest, strongest hug was for Aaron. Seeing my two friends embrace on this level choked me up. Even though I had been texting Icarus Line singer Joe Cardamone for weeks regarding Alvin's health — often using the phrase “this sucks” because I didn't know what else to say — for the first time, I was truly aware of just how bad Alvin's condition had gotten.
Although I have countless memories of my friend, the one that personifies Alvin best to me happened during this recent visit. A nurse entered the room and asked him an array of questions, such as “Where are you?” and “What day is it?” Eventually she asked him to identify everyone in the room. My friend was in good spirits, but he was also heavily medicated, and the fact that he was in a bad place was more than evident. I wouldn't have been upset if maybe Alvin had recognized me visually but couldn't remember who I was. But without hesitation, he looked at me and said, “That's Ryan Ritchie.” He did the same for Steve and Aaron. My friend — a man who had every right not to remember anything, a guy who was weeks from his death — fought the meds, the pain and the knowledge that he was dying to make a connection and leave me with a memory of him I'll never forget.
At the time of that visit, Cardamone told me that Alvin had been given 30 days to live. I thought of him as dying, but I was wrong. Alvin was living. And even though that afternoon with him was a weird mix of overwhelming positivity and unbearable sadness, I choose to remember Alvin DeGuzman for what he was — a lively, funny, kind, caring person who just happened to be one of the best, most natural musicians I've ever known. And more important, he was my friend.
I'm going to miss him.
STAYNER, Ont. — Paramedics say eight people have been seriously or critically injured in a collision between a bus carrying school children and a passenger van that took place in a community about 125 kilometres northwest of Toronto.
Simcoe County paramedic services deputy chief J.C. Gilbert says all of the injured were in the passenger van, and they were being assessed at a local hospital.
Gilbert says paramedics have requested urgent assistance from the province's air ambulance service to move some of the victims to trauma centres.
Clearwater fire officials say there were 41 teens, three adult chaperones and a driver on the coach bus, and Gilbert says none of them were injured.
Ontario Provincial Police Sgt. Peter Leon says the vehicles collided head-on around 2 p.m. Friday on Highway 26 just north of Stayner, Ont., and there are reports it was snowing at the time.
Leon says the bus passengers have been taken to a community centre in Stayner, and another bus was being brought in to pick them up.
METRO MANILA: ‘Michael' (not his real name), a hired killer in the employ of a drug syndicate, has been doing brisk business amid President Rodrigo Duterte's crackdown on drug crime.
It's perhaps ironic that the "war on drugs" has served their interests, allowing him and his bosses to get away with murder - allegedly with the complicity of police accomplices.
Michael had killed four people in the space of five months, and was recently ordered to kill seven more, he told the investigative programme Get Rea! in an exclusive interview that airs on Jan 3.
“The bosses want to get rid of the small-time drug dealers. If we don't get rid of them, they will end up revealing information about our organisation,” said Michael.
But his hit list also includes people uninvolved in the drug trade. According to Michael, business and personal rivals are now easily targeted. “It's all so simple. I'll just throw a pack of meth or a gun. Then there is nothing to investigate, because the body has been tagged as a pusher,” he said.
Since coming to power in June 2016, President Duterte's public incitements for civilians to take violent action against drug pushers has led to a rash of vigilante-style killings.
As of December 15, there had been 4,049 victims of such killings – of which 3,717 remained unexplained, according to the Philippine National Police (PNP). Only in about 500 cases have any suspects been arrested.
WATCH: A chat with ‘Michael' the hitman
Michael first got into the killing business when he was in prison and a police officer struck a deal with him for an early release. In exchange, Michael was to work for the drug syndicate that the officer was protecting.
“Drug dealers and police officers are not enemies. They are partners and friends,” said Michael.
When contacted, PNP spokesman Senior Superintendent Diosnado Carlos said: “We will admit that we have identified protectors who have been working with drug syndicates in certain areas. We are going after these members of the PNP that do not have the right to wear our uniform.”
Michael remains unafraid of being caught. “No one will run after us. I have never been found out,” he said.
Returning series Get Rea! goes on the trail of unexplained murders and crime investigators in the season debut episode, Philippines' Killing Fields, which premieres on Jan 3 at 8pm SG/HK.
The word chakra is often misused and misunderstood. Some people think of it as yogic mumbo-jumbo, others think of them as actual wheels inside the body, and then there's another section who feel that only a spiritual healer can help balance these energy centres. Our body is made up of energy chakras, which are centre points in our body responsible for balancing it physically and emotionally, and to make sure that energy flows through it uninterrupted; for the body to be at its healthiest. They are located a few inches outside our bodies and there are about 114 chakras connected by 72,000 nadis or energy channels. In fact, we even have chakras under our feet. However, in meditation, we focus on the seven major chakras that begin at the base and go right up till our crown. The amazing thing about these main chakras is that they're naturally located over our glands. For instance, the crown chakra is located on the pituitary gland, the third eye on the pineal, and the root chakra is on our adrenal cortex glands.
When these energy wheels are functioning well, they deflect disease and bring about a sense of balance. When they are under-active then (depending on the chakra that is blocked) you could feel anything from fear, insecurity, instability, paranoia, or an inability to love. And while a reliable healer can certainly help find the blockages, you are capable of completely healing them on your own.
Starting this week, we'll deep dive into the world of tantra yoga, one chakra at a time. We encourage you to take a week to activate one chakra by practicing the below meditations daily. And then together, we move one level up to the next chakra. Eventually, you can combine all the learnings and meditations and do a complete chakra activation (always from the bottom up), without the help of a healer.
The Root Chakra
Also known as the muladhara, this is the first chakra that symbolises the foundation of your life. Dr Madhu Kotiya Shezaim, a spiritual healer and founder, MShezaim Institute of Tarot and Divination, who has a PhD in clinical hypnotherapy, reveals the significance of this first chakra. “It's located in the bottom of your spine and acts as the base of your life force.” She explains that when it's balanced, you get a feeling of strength, stability, and financial security. One who has an active root chakra has a feeling of safety and security, is emotionally grounded, assertive, down to earth, and feels supported in the material world.
When your root chakra is under-active, you are unstable, under-confident, nervous, fearful, have a feeling of not fitting in, timid, over-cautious, and prone to abusive relationships. On the contrary, an overactive root chakra leads to over-confidence, impatience, materialism, anger, aggression, addictions to worldly pleasures (food, money), violence and excessive energy. On a physical level, an unbalanced root chakra gives you issues in elimination (constipation, diarrhoea, flatulence), skeletal (or bone) problems, and even reproductive ailments.
How to balance the root chakra
The colour: Bright red
The symbol: A four-petalled lotus with a downward-pointing triangle in between the petals, symbolising our connection with the earth
The affirmation: ‘I have'
The sound: Lam (pronounced to rhyme with sum)
The mudra: The tips of the little finger and thumb touching
Step 1: There are two main reasons behind an imbalanced root chakra. Dr Shezaim says that firstly, people who are not physically active usually have a weak muladhara. Secondly, if you have had feelings of abandonment or material issues in childhood, then it affects this first chakra. Therefore the first thing to do is become active—go for a walk, do yoga, go for a hike—anything that you enjoy doing. She also suggests doing 25 semi-squats everyday.
Step 2: Apply a mulabandha on your entire pelvic floor—its the same move as Kegel exercises. Lightly squeeze the entire space between your legs (labia, perineum and anus), hold for a few seconds and then let go. Repeat a few times everyday.
Step 3: While driving or walking or doing any activity where you're not using your mind, repeat the affirmation ‘I have everything I need' or ‘I am safe and secure'.
Step 4: To meditate on your root, sit cross-legged or on a chair with your spine straight. Do not cross your legs if you're on a chair. Also, if you're on a chair, try to remove your shoes and keep bare feet on the floor. Keep your fingers in the root chakra mudra, which is touching the tips of the little finger and thumb. Then breathe up from the ground to the space between your legs or the base of your spine imagining it becoming a light red colour. Breathe in this beautiful scarlet shade and imagine that you're breathing out the blockages that are like sediments in the base of your spine.
Step 5: If you want, then along with this meditation, you can mentally chant ‘lam', all the while feeling the red colour spread across your root and feeling the chakra becoming lighter and more open.
Step 6: If you want to take it a step further, you can imagine a four-petalled lotus becoming bigger with every breath and every chant. Focus on balancing your root for a week, or longer if you identify with the issues mentioned above.
This story is part of our 3-part Chakra Balancing series. Keep an eye out every Monday for the next part.
Vasudha Rai is a certified yoga teacher and has been writing on beauty, health and wellness for 15 years. Find her at Vbeauty.co
Uma Thurman reveals chilling details of Harvey Weinstein sexual assault, fallout with Quentin Tarantino
New York: Actress Uma Thurman, in long-awaited remarks, accused disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself on her sexually years ago in a London hotel room. Weinstein, through his attorney, acknowledged making an “awkward pass” but strongly denied any physical assault and suggested the possibility of legal action over her comments.
In a separate allegation in the same New York Times article on Saturday, Thurman also said Kill Bill director Quentin Tarantino during filming coerced her into driving a car that she believed to be faulty, resulting in injuries including a permanently damaged neck, a concussion and damage to her knees. A representative for Tarantino did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Thurman's allegations against Weinstein, who has been accused of rape, assault or other sexual misconduct by scores of women, had been widely anticipated since she hinted late last year that she had a story to tell but wanted to wait until she was less angry. Her story came in an interview with Times columnist Maureen Dowd.
“I used the word ‘anger,' but I was more worried about crying, to tell you the truth,” Thurman was quoted as saying. “I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true. So what you really saw was a person buying time.”
Thurman said that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with him suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading her to a steam room but that she did not feel threatened. She said that the first “attack” — the word appears in quotes — happened later in London.
“He pushed me down,” she said. “He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things. But he didn't actually put his back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard.”
Later, she alleged, she arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him: “If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you.”
The Times article says Thurman's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there, but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator disheveled and shaking.
“Her eyes were crazy, and she was totally out of control,” said the friend, Ilona Herman.
When Thurman was able to talk again, Herman said, she revealed that Weinstein, who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood, had threatened to derail her career.
Though the article doesn't make clear how the London hotel room encounter ended, Thurman said: “Harvey assaulted me, but that didn't kill me.”
A representative for Thurman, Leslie Sloane, responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only: “The article speaks for itself.”
Meanwhile, Ben Brafman, Weinstein's attorney, said the producer was “stunned and saddened” by false accusations from Thurman. He emphasised Weinstein and Thurman had worked together for more than two decades.
The lawyer, in a statement, said Weinstein acknowledged making “an awkward pass at Ms. Thurman 25 years ago which he regrets and immediately apologized for.” He said it was a mystery why Thurman would wait so long to come forward or “embellish what really happened to include false accusations of attempted physical assault.”
He said Thurman's statements to the Times were being “examined and investigated” before Weinstein decides whether any legal action against her would be appropriate.
Thurman, one of the stars of Tarantino's Pulp Fiction, also said that just before shooting began on the director's Kill Bill: Vol. 1, which came out in 2003, she told him about Weinstein and he confronted the mogul, leading him to apologize.
But she also described a harrowing onset episode on location in Mexico in which Tarantino ignored her expressed fears of driving a car that she had been warned might be faulty.
Tarantino persuaded her to do it, she said, quoting him as saying, “Hit 40 miles per hour or your hair won't blow the right way and I'll make you do it again.”
Video accompanying the article online — which Thurman says took her 15 years to procure — shows Thurman struggling to control the car, crashing into a tree and then being carried from the car.
“That was a deathbox that I was in,” Thurman was quoted as saying.
Published Date: Feb 04, 2018 11:07 AM | Updated Date: Feb 04, 2018 11:07 AM
Some Civil society organisations (CSOs) have asked the Chief Secretary to Government Lloyd Muhara to resign following allegation of abuse of office.
The CSOs said this in a press briefing in Lilongwe over the weekend.
Led by the Centre for Human Rights and Rehabilitation (CHRR) and Centre for Development of People (Cedep), the CSOs said there is need for an immediate decisive action as the allegation reflects negatively on the Presidency, as it is happening under the President's nose.
Muhura's office is said to have requested for a ‘no objection' from the office of Director of Public Procurement to buy furniture worth K64 million.
This is according to a leaked report from the Office of President and Cabinet to the Office of the Director of Public Procurement requests for a ‘no objection' using single sourcing, something that has not amused CSOs.
Rights activist Billy Mayaya said the procurement of furniture issue puts to question the President's credibility in providing oversight functions in his own office.
“We are demanding transparency and accountability in terms of his actions. If this is true, how [does] he ensures that his office is transparent and accountable?” asked Mayaya.
CHRR executive director Timothy Mtambo said: “We expect the President to act on the matter with speed because in the past we have seen the high office shielding culprits who have abused public funds”.
Efforts to talk to Muhara proved futile, but government spokesperson Nicholas Dausi said the refurbishment of Muhara's office is long overdue and necessary, because it has not been rehabilitated since 1975.
“This is an important office where sensitive government information/documents are kept and we think its only proper to rehabilitate it,” said Dausi.
GUARULHOS, Brazil: In a bunker-like room in a gritty suburb of São Paulo, retired police colonel Antonio Marin and a dozen employees track the location of hundreds of cargo trucks on a bank of monitors.
During his 34 years in São Paulo state's military police, Marin took a gunshot to the thigh and spent two years guarding the governor. But his latest job at a private trucking firm may be his biggest challenge yet: protecting clothing, cosmetics and other merchandise amid a crime wave in Brazil that is reshaping the country's nascent e-commerce industry.
Advertisement
Last year, 22,000 cargo robberies were reported in two states alone - São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro - home to the country's two largest cities. That is about 60 heists a day, a record figure that has almost doubled since 2012. Authorities blame criminal gangs preying on shipments. Losses are estimated at hundreds of millions of dollars annually.
"You are always running a risk," said Marin, head of security for Braspress, one of the country's largest trucking and logistics firms. "It starts the moment you put cargo in the truck and travel across Brazil."
All manner of businesses are targets, but authorities say bandits favor consumer goods that are easy to fence. That is posing a particular challenge to Brazil's fast-growing e-commerce trade. Security costs are squeezing profit margins and forcing retailers and logistics firms to adjust their strategies to succeed in Latin America's largest economy.
Electronics retailer Via Varejo SA , for example, has developed a satellite-tracking system to keep tabs on its trucks. And it dispatches armed guards to accompany many shipments, logistics chief Marcelo Lopes told Reuters.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We don't scrimp on security," he said. "We invest heavily to protect goods and to protect people."
A major e-commerce player, the company has also bet big on a "click-and-collect" operation that allows customers to pick up online orders at Via Varejo stores. The program is popular with working-class shoppers who like the security, and it means fewer delivery trucks plying dangerous neighborhoods, Lopes said.
Brazilian retailer Magazine Luiza SA has employed a similar model to grow its online sales. Still, it is avoiding expansion in Rio state, in part due to worries about cargo theft, Chairwoman Luiza Trajano said last year.
Lousy infrastructure, hefty taxes and tangled bureaucracy have long made shipping expensive in this continent-sized country. Rampant cargo theft has only added to the burden.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The tricky terrain will be a test for Amazon.com Inc . The world's largest online retailer is gearing up for a major expansion in Brazil after about six years of peddling mostly e-books and digital movies here.
Amazon declined to discuss its strategy. But retail veterans said the Seattle company had better buckle up.
Brazil presents "a very different reality for the companies that prosper elsewhere," Magazine Luiza's CEO, Frederico Trajano, said at a public event in April.
OUTMANNED, OUTGUNNED
At around 2 a.m. on a weeknight in March, the call came into Braspress' security center. Bandits had trapped a truck carrying clothing on a busy thoroughfare in northern Rio de Janeiro. A Braspress guard radioed for help from the scene.
"They blocked the truck!" the guard shouted in a call that Braspress recorded and shared with Reuters. "We've been held up by two cars here. They're heavily armed!"
Marin's team cut the truck's ignition remotely and the robbers fled. The driver and two guards were unharmed.
But the battle never stops, said Marin, a stout 55-year-old who got his start patrolling rough neighborhoods in São Paulo. In the midst of an interview with Reuters at the Braspress command recently, he got word that yet another company truck was under attack in Rio.
Cargo theft in Brazil is on pace for a new record in 2018, police reports show. Roads in southeast Brazil now rank the eighth most dangerous in the world for these heists, worse than in war-torn Iraq, according to a report released this month by the Joint Cargo Committee, an organization of insurers.
A dozen logistics and retail executives consulted by Reuters blamed organized crime for the surge. The problem is particularly acute in Rio, where a military intervention to crack down on drug gangs has done little to stop lawlessness.
Groups such as Rio's feared Red Command have cultivated crooked cops as well as moles inside private companies to tip them off about shipments. That has added a level of sophistication to cargo piracy that was once the domain of common street criminals, logistics experts say.
"Cargo robbery is just as profitable as trafficking drugs," said Marco Aurelio Prometti, head of logistics for Prezunic, a Rio-based grocery chain owned by Chile's Cencosud SA . He said attacks on the company's trucks jumped four-fold between 2015 and 2016.
An exact measure of losses due to theft is hard to come by. NTC & Logistica, a national cargo trade group, estimated 1.36 billion reais (US$365 million) in 2016, the most recent year available. But the true cost is probably much higher.
Members of São Paulo state's cargo transport guild reported spending an average of 10 percent to 14 percent of revenue on security, up from 4 percent to 6 percent just a few years ago, said Tayguara Helou, the group's president. In violent Rio state, it is 15 percent to 20 percent. Grocery chain Prezunic, for example, now has armed guards escorting many shipments, logistics chief Prometti said, adding costs to a low-margin business.
Insurance premiums are rising too. For shipments in Rio, insurers are charging an "emergency rate" of up to 1 percent of the cargo's value, said Eduardo Ferreira Rebuzzi, president of the state's transport guild.
To stem losses, retailers Magazine Luiza and Via Varejo have outsourced some deliveries in rough neighborhoods to local firms that best know the terrain, executives from both companies said.
Logistics firm Tegma Gestao Logistica SA sold its e-commerce delivery business to major online retailer B2W Cia Digital SA in 2014, in part because of the unit's security problems, Tegma CEO Gennaro Oddone told Reuters.
For a look at rising cargo theft in Brazil, see: https://tmsnrt.rs/2KO0g15
DITCHING THE HIGHWAYS
In the Braspress bunker where Marin operates, red dots on a computer monitor show the few places where drivers are allowed to stop for a bathroom break on a 370-mile (595 kilometer) trip between São Paulo and Belo Horizonte in neighboring Minas Gerais state.
"Heat maps" showing the likelihood of a hijacking attempt dictate drivers' routes. Red patches represent serious danger zones; the screen is loaded with them. Workers also scan social media for news of trouble near roadways.
Fed up with watching their trucks picked off, some companies are taking to the air.
Brazilian airline Azul SA has seen its cargo business increase dramatically in recent years, especially for pricey but lightweight consumer goods such as cell phones, said Leandro Pires, head of cargo sales at Azul. He said demand was increasing even for short-haul routes, such as the 220-mile (354 kilometer) hop from Rio to São Paulo.
Still, even air travel is not foolproof.
In early March, thieves disguised as security personnel infiltrated an airport near São Paulo and made off with US$5 million in cash set to be flown out on German airline Lufthansa , a crime reminiscent of the famed 1978 Lufthansa heist at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York.
The São Paulo crime remains unsolved.
"Criminals are evolving as time passes," said Marin of Braspress. "We're learning and adapting along the way."
(For graphic on dangerous highways in Brazil, clic: https://tmsnrt.rs/2JgXUdL
(Reporting by Gram Slattery; additional reporting by Gabriela Mello, Flavia Bohone, Jeffrey Dastin and Alberto Alerigi Jr.; Editing by Marla Dickerson)
Paul Rodgers
After five years of playing music together, and being a fixture the first Thursday of every month at The Heidout, The littlejazz Orchestra are hard at work recording their debut album at the Key City Theatre.
“We've been meaning to do this for a lot of years,” said founding member, songwriter and trumpet player Dave Ward in between takes. “Finally everyone's on the same page and we can have a lot of time together, it just all worked out this year.”
As anyone who has played in a band before will know, it can be quite tricky to coordinate time to practice regularly, let alone to take a few days off in a row to record a full-length album with a group of full-time working adults.
“We play once a month,” Ward said, “we don't really do a whole pile of other gigs — it's not like we're touring and hammering these tunes out so it's a longer process.”
As well as Ward, the band is comprised of Janice Nicli on the bass, Sven Heyde on drums, Graham Barnes on guitar and Evan Bueckert on the keys. In two days of work at the Theatre, they hope to record a full-length LP with eight to ten songs on it, all original material written by Ward.
“They're jazz tunes, so they're long tunes, so we'll see what fits on the album and pick the best ones and I mean there's lots of material, we can do this again,” he said. “It's exciting to have a record of all these tunes and it's ones we've been working on and we've been playing off and on for three years now.”
Ward comes from a musical family, his father played trombone and he has been playing since he was very young. In college is when he really got into composing and writing music, trying to “get down what I hear in my head.”
The cohesion of the band is crystal clear when watching them record their music; the five musicians bring a wealth of experience into the studio setting and have a great, easygoing dynamic in between cuts. The final product will be a testament to the group's talent and Ward's vision.
China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of US$5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
HONG KONG: China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of US$5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
The aircraft lessor's unit had agreed to buy the Boeing aircraft, in a deal to be settled from internal resources and loans and other borrowings, the company said in a filing to the Hong Kong bourse on Thursday.
China Aircraft, which now owns and manages 87 aircraft, said the actual purchase price would be lower than the list price as Boeing would grant price concessions as per industry practice.
The Boeing aircraft will be delivered in stages up to 2023.
In April, China Aircraft Leasing had agreed to buy aircraft from Airbus in a bid to match customer demand under dynamic market conditions.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Stephen Coates)
By Richard Foss, Culture & Cuisine Writer
“Hi, I'm Don, and I'll be your Navy veteran server.”
That's not a greeting you're likely to get at local restaurants, except for one: Long Beach's Fourth & Olive. Owner Dan Tapia is also a veteran, he strives to hire veterans at his restaurant. He's even helping to start a garden program so he can use vegetables grown by vets with post-traumatic stress disorder.
There's only one sign of this dedication in the restaurant itself: a shrine-like table in a corner that is always set but never occupied, in honor of those who are missing in action. Otherwise, Fourth & Olive is just like any other Greater Los Angeles restaurant that specializes in the cuisine of Alsace, which is to say that Fourth & Olive is unlike any other Los Angeles restaurant; it alone serves the recipes of that French region on the borders of Switzerland and Germany.
Alsatian cuisine is hearty and unfussy, rich in varieties of sausage, smoked meats and pickles. The region also makes superb Riesling wines and malty lager beers. Not many Alsatians moved to the West Coast, so this cuisine is undeservedly obscure.
On my first visit it was a happy hour and I zeroed in on two specials: housemade duck liver mousse and a bacon and leek tarte flambé, the Alsatian equivalent of pizza. Tarte flambés originated as a way of testing a woodfired oven to see if it was ready; bakers would slide in a sheet of very thin dough to see how quickly it turned brown. And as long as they were cooking dough, why not put something on top of it? In Alsace, where most people are bilingual, it is also called a flammkuchen, which means “flame cake.” But the crusts are nothing like a cake. Some are made with a flaky pastry, and others are a thin, crisp biscuit, like those found here. Either way, they're a treat, and the ones here benefit from housemade apple-smoked bacon that has a slightly sweet character. Whatever else you try here, you should get a tarte flambé — among the ones available is one made with stinging nettle leaves, which is less weird than it sounds because the nettles taste a lot like spinach.
The duck mousse paired nicely with the tarte, as the richness of the meat spread was balanced by housemade pickled onions and cucumbers on a toasted whole grain baguette. Get these two at happy hour and you've spent about 18 bucks for a very good dinner. Of course, you might feel inclined to have some wine or beer; I enjoyed a very good pinot blanc and a glass of riesling and still left without spending much.
I went back for brunch a few days later with friends and tried a German pancake as a starter, followed by venison hash, house-pickled and smoked salmon and a spring bean cassoulet topped with a fried egg. The German pancake isn't like any American variant; it is a cross between an omelet and a custard baked in a skillet. The pancakes have a crust at the edge with a fluffy, soft center and are a mildly sweet, decadent delight. Though it's a bit light as a meal, one of these and a side of housemade sausage would be a great breakfast.
My companion ordered the venison hash after ascertaining that it was just what it claimed to be, since some places that list an exotic meat use pork or beef as filler. This was indeed a hash of deer, potatoes, onions and mild seasonings. The venison was not overshadowed by the other ingredients, which my companion appreciated. The lean meat can be tough unless cooked slow and moist, but it came out surprisingly well in this pan-fried preparation.
I ordered the vegan cassoulet with deep suspicion, since this slow-cooked bean dish is usually laden with pork sausage and trimmings. The meat was replaced with mushroom, eggplant and a rich vegetable-onion and bean liquor stock. While it was not an exact substitute for a traditional cassoulet, it was enjoyable on its own merits.
Those seeking a slightly lighter meal might prefer the salmon, which was smoked and pickled like Scandinavian gravlax and served on a baguette with housemade soft cheese and a topping of dill, sorrel and arugula leaves. This puts all the focus on the craftsmanship of this kitchen — how many other local places attempt anything approaching this? The skill is consummate, showing that the veteran in the kitchen deserves the title in more ways than one.
The restaurant was short-handed that morning but our server, Don, kept everything moving despite being almost alone on the floor. We didn't get a chance to talk to him before we left and wanted to respond to his initial greeting, so here goes:
Hi from Richard and Janice, both offsprings of World War II Navy vets. Thank you for your service to the country and the good service you provided to us that morning. Both are deeply appreciated. Keep up the good work.
Fourth & Olive is at 743 E. Fourth Street in Long Beach. Beer and wine are served. Reservations are accepted.
Details: (562) 269-0731; 4thandolive.com
Washington — The Trump administration is now estimating the Republican tax bill will generate about $1.8 trillion in new tax revenue over 10 years by boosting economic growth.
But that's a lot more than nonpartisan congressional analysts have projected. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that growth stimulated by the anticipated tax cuts will generate some $409 billion in additional tax revenue over 10 years.
President Donald Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. The $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with modest reductions for individuals.
The new Treasury Department analysis out Monday says about half the expected increase in economic growth likely will result from tax benefits for corporations.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iRaAcw
Tune in to the Evening Program on Monday, 9PM for a discussion with film composer Justin Hurwitz about his Oscar-nominated score for La La Land .
KUSC Staff
Once a small student-run station broadcasting
from the University of Southern California
campus, KUSC is now the largest and most
listened to public radio and non-profit classical
music station in the United States.
With Arellano University formally clinching the NCAA Season 92 women's volleyball tournament crown over a powerful San Sebastian College squad, some quarters are now inquiring about the availability of the Lady Chiefs to compete in the Philippine Superliga (PSL).
A prominent source said a sponsor is willing to field the entire team in the PSL Invitational Conference, which starts on March 4 at the FilOil Flying V Arena in San Juan.
The offer is not yet cast in stone, but the source said the sponsor is looking to secure a meeting with Peter Cayco, whose family owns the school and serves as acting president of Larong Volleyball sa Pilipinas, Inc. (LVPI).
Another source said Foton head coach Moro Branislav had reached out to Cayco, inquiring the availability of four players from the victorious Arellano squad.
The source, however, didn't reveal the identity of the players as they were still in the thick of the finals when the noted Serbian mentor was scouting the Lady Chiefs.
Leadership
Head coach Obet Javier also made heads turn.
The source said some PSL teams also expressed interest in Javier, whose last coaching stint in the commercial league was as an assistant to Nestor Pamilar at Laoag in the V-League.
“Everybody loves a winner. Only three from that Arellano team played in the V-League while nobody played in the PSL last year. Now, everybody is looking to acquire them.”
Cayco confirmed the sources' claim, but said that if he will have it his way, he wants the entire team to compete as a solid unit, similar to what La Salle did when it donned the colors of Meralco in the PSL Grand Prix that paved the way to win the UAAP Season 78 title.
“While the possibility of sending players to club leagues sounds exciting, as much as possible, it would be ideal if they will play as one team. In that way, we'll further develop chemistry that we could use in defending our title next year.”
Not expected
Nobody expected the Lady Chiefs to win the crown – not even Cayco.
Cayco said he tempered his expectation due to the team's sluggish start. But when the Lady Chiefs caught fire in the crucial stretch of the tournament, he realized that winning their second crown in five years is quite achievable.
In the finals, Cayco's faith on the squad was further reinforced as the Lady Chiefs allowed tournament Most Valuable Player (MVP) Gretchel Soltones to do the damage, but kept everybody in check to overcome the Lady Stags' seemingly insurmountable thrice-to-beat advantage.
“The girls never gave up. They refused to get intimidated.”
Cayco said the script of last year appears to have been rewritten but with different set of characters.
“Last year, we were defeated by (College of) Saint Benilde in the semis. Now, it's our turn to defeat them.” “Last year, we were defeated by (College of) Saint Benilde in the semis. Now, it's our turn to defeat them.” “Then also last year, Saint Benilde defeated San Sebastian, which has a thrice-to-beat advantage. Now the tables have turned. It was our turn to defeat them.” “The girls played not for their name at the back of their jersies, but for the team they represent. We may have no star players, but we still got the job done. It's a total team effort.”
He added that he's no longer surprised to hear that some quarters are eyeing the Lady Chiefs to be part of their team in the PSL. But before entertaining any offer, Cayco wants them to savor the sweetness of their victory.
“Gusto daw mag-Boracay eh. So mag-enjoy na muna sila.”
Coachella 2019
We're just a little month removed from Coachella 2018, but already it's time to start planning for 2019.
As announced today, Coachella 2019 will go down April 12th-14th and April 19th-21st at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California. More importantly, an advance ticket sale will take place Friday, June 1st at 11:00 a.m. PST. Beyond affording fans the first opportunity to secure a highly sought-after ticket to the festival, this will be the only time passes can be purchased using the payment plan.
Head to Coachella's website for more information about festival passes, onsite camping options, prices, payment plan, shipping, rules and more.
Revisit our coverage of Coachella 2018 here.
NEW YORK: Online fund-raising sites are turning their backs on activists looking to offer financial support for James Fields, the man accused of driving his car into counter-protesters at a white-nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
GoFundMe, Kickstarter and other mainstream crowdfunding firms have policies that prohibit hate speech or abuse, the latest example of technology firms making it harder for far-right groups to organize online.
Fields is accused of killing one woman and injuring 19 others on Saturday after the rally in Charlottesville turned violent. Supporters of Fields, who was denied bail at a court hearing in Virginia on Monday, have turned to the internet to raise money for his legal defense.
GoFundMe, one of the two leading crowdfunding firms, said on Monday it has removed multiple fundraising campaigns for Fields, because the company prohibits the promotion of hate speech and violence.
"Those campaigns did not raise any money and they were immediately removed," said Bobby Whithorne, director of strategic communications at GoFundMe, adding that fewer than 10 campaigns have so far been posted. GoFundMe will continue to delete similar campaigns if more are created, he said.
Most mainstream crowdfunding sites, which let people fund projects or ventures by raising money online, have policies that prohibit campaigns that promote hate speech or violence.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Kickstarter, which vies with GoFundMe as the largest crowdfunding platform, said it also has a policy prohibiting hate speech or encouraging violence. It said its service focuses on creative projects and has not seen any campaigns related to Fields or the Charlottesville protest.
Indiegogo, a smaller rival, said it has a similar policy prohibiting campaigns that promote threatening or abusive behavior. It said it is monitoring campaigns but has yet to see any funds supporting Fields.
The block on mainstream crowdfunding is just the latest blow to far-right activists operating online. In the last 24 hours, neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer had its domain registration revoked twice, by GoDaddy Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google, for violating terms of service.
FORCED OUT OF MAINSTREAM
The rejection by mainstream crowdfunding sites means white nationalists have been forced to use other platforms that champion freedom of speech.
Jason Kessler, who organized the far-right rally in Charlottesville, has raised US$2,659 as of Monday afternoon on RootBocks, a crowdfunding site that is "free from political or social censorship," according to its website.
He started a campaign called the "Unite the Right Legal Defense Fund" on Sunday night and aims to raise US$50,000 to sue the city of Charlottesville for failing to protect the speakers and protesters at the rally.
Another campaign on RootBocks opened on Saturday has raised more than US$8,000 of its US$50,000 goal to support a lawsuit against Charlottesville by Nathan Damigo, founder of white-nationalist group Identity Evropa. On Saturday, Damigo said on Twitter he was wrongly arrested at the protest, in violation of his civil rights.
CrowdJustice, a site that focuses on raising money for legal cases, has not seen any funds connected to Fields or others who were in Charlottesville, said Chief Executive Julia Salasky.
The firm verifies that defendants or plaintiffs have an attorney or nonprofit who is taking their case before they can start a fund on the website, Salasky said.
"That filters out people who are promoting hatred and without a legal basis," she said.
(Reporting by Sheila Dang; editing by Anna Driver and Bill Rigby)
On this day in 2015, Stevie Ray Vaughan was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame by whom?
John Mayer
What else happened on this day in rock n' roll history? Here's the Rock N' Roll Diary for April 18th, from the College of Classic Rock Knowledge – 100.7 WZLX!
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Runners approach the finish line of the Steamtown Marathon in 2016. Security at the race was already increased following the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013.
Additional security measures and personnel will be in place to ensure the public's safety at Sunday's Steamtown Marathon in light of last week's mass shooting in Las Vegas, race organizers and police officials said.
Jim Cummings, the marathon's assistant director, said security forces will follow enhanced plans that were developed following the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing.
“We are building on the already stringent security plans based on what happened at Boston,” Cummings said. “We've gone to great lengths to significantly increase security more than it was years ago.”
Some of those security enhancements, which include barring runners from bringing duffle bags to the start line, targeted stationary items that could pose a threat. The Vegas shooting, in which a gunman sprayed a hail of bullets into a crowd from the 32nd floor of a hotel, highlights the threat of other types of violence.
Cummings said police asked race officials, for security purposes, not to disclose specifics regarding how they plan to address that type of threat.
“They are certainly aware of what happened in Vegas and how it happened and are taking measures to make sure it doesn't happen here,” he said.
The 26.2-mile race starts at Forest City Regional High School and winds its way through the Midvalley before ending at Courthouse Square in Scranton. This year, nearly 1,800 people registered to take part in the race, which also draws thousands of spectators.
Scranton police Chief Carl Graziano also said he could not provide specific details of security plans, other than to confirm additional personnel will be deployed.
“We have pre-race, special operations in place to try to identify threats and minimize the potential for any catastrophic events,” he said.
Cummings and Graziano reminded spectators and participants to be extra vigilant of their surroundings. Organizers prefer spectators not bring any bags, but if they do, do not leave them unattended. They also should not hold a bag for anyone they don't know, he said.
“If they see something that seems amiss, speak to one of the police officers,” Cummings said.
Contact the writer:
tbesecker@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9137
The India-China War of 1962 forms the backdrop against which Kabir Khan's latest film — Tubelight — plays out.
Salman Khan stars as a simple-minded man in what is being seen as a possible reprisal of his Bajrangi Bhaijan.
It also stars Sohail Khan and Chinese actress Zhu Zhu.
In a previous interview with Firstpost, Salman said of his role in Tubelight:
"I am not smart at all; I am a tubelight. When you are growing up, you are naive, innocent, but at the age of 51-52, when you have seen the world, then it's difficult to play something like this. I was wondering where should I get that innocence from, but this character allowed me to do everything. I had to dig deep into my childhood. Sohail and I started remembering all our school friends, our batch mates. Luckily, there are many kids in our family, and I learnt many things from them, but I had to be careful to not overdo things because it is an emotional film, and not a comedy. It couldn't have looked like a caricature or a joke. It is a film on two brothers, where one goes to war and the other stays behind."
Now, in a new conversation with Vikram Thapa for Firstpost, Salman dwelt on one of the more difficult aspects of Tubelight — those intense war sequences. Salman talked about how war was a futile exercise, that true peace could only be reached at a discussion table, and that jawans were the ones who suffered most when wars were fought.
Here's what Salman had to say:
The full interview will be out on Firstpost soon. Stay tuned.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
On the occasion of Mirza Ghalib's 220th birth anniversary, the Firstpost Staff paid tribute to this great Urdu writer by reciting and discussing the shaayari he wrote.
BEIJING: Heavy smog that blanketed parts of China at the weekend cleared somewhat on Monday, with flights in Beijing back to normal, but it was likely only to be a brief respite with more choking smog expected to return to the wintry north within 24 hours.
Weather forecasts on Monday showed the smog would return to Beijing and nearby Tianjin city from Tuesday. It was expected to persist until Thursday in Hebei, the heavily industrialised province that surrounds the capital, and Henan and Shandong provinces as the region battles freezing temperatures.
Authorities have been issuing smog alerts across the north since mid-December, prompting orders for hundreds of factories to scale back production or close outright and for restrictions on motorists to cut emissions.
Pollution alerts are common in northern China, especially during winter when energy demand, much of it met by coal, soars.
A pollution index that measures the average concentration of small breathable particles, known as PM2.5, dropped to just over 100 micrograms per cubic metre in Beijing early on Monday from more than 500 on Sunday night.
The safe recommended level of PM2.5 is 10 micrograms per cubic metre, according to the World Health Organization.
A customer service staff member at the Beijing Capital International Airport said flights were returning to normal. Smog on Sunday caused hundreds of flights to be cancelled and highways to shut, disrupting the first day of the New Year holiday.
On Monday, the Beijing government maintained its orange alert for heavy pollution and a ban on heavy-duty construction trucks from using the roads.
An orange alert is the second-highest level in a four-tier pollution warning system adopted by Beijing when China, worried that its heavy industrial past was tarnishing its global reputation and holding back development, declared a "war on pollution" in 2014.
Despite that declaration, public anger is mounting about pollution and what many Chinese sees as government talk, but little action, to end it. That anger has occasionally spilled over into protests.
Late on Sunday, the Ministry of Environmental Protection said 62 northern cities had issued yellow, orange or red alerts.
Some highways to Beijing and Tianjin were re-opened as motorists headed home at the end of the long weekend, state television reported later on Monday.
But 20 highways remained closed in Shandon province, as heavy smog persisted.
State television also reported that some factories in Hebei province's heavy industry hub of Tangshan, including a coal-fired power plant of Datang Power International, and several steel mills, were found to be violating the curb on operations.
The latest bout of air pollution began on Friday. China has struggled to tackle the problem effectively after decades of breakneck economic growth, much of it based on heavy industry and the coal-fired power sector.
(Reporting by Cheng Fang and Chen Aizhu; Editing by Paul Tait, Robert Birsel)
Girlfriends – the word usually calls to mind a group of girls/women in their teens to early twenties, despite the fact that it does, in fact, encompass all ages.
Girlfriends: Series One (now available on Acorn DVD) follows three women ‘of a certain age' as their lives seem to be collapsing around them.
Linda (Phyliss Logan, Lovejoy, Downton Abbey), Gail (Zoë Wanamaker, Gormenghast, Agatha Christie's Poirot) and Sue (Miranda Richardson, Harry Potter and the Goblet of fire) have been friends since their teens, though they haven't always kept in touch as much as they'd like.
They come together for mutual support after a series of events put them in untenable situations.
While on a cruise celebrating ‘a big anniversary,' Linda's husband, Micky (Steve Evets, Rev., Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides) falls overboard after returning to their cabin to get his reading glasses (they were dining at the Captain's table and he couldn't read the menu).
With Micky gone under mysterious circumstances (was he pushed? Did he slip and fall? Was it suicide?), Linda's situation is perilous – it might take forever to get the insurance (or to find out she's not getting it) and she needs the money to cover their mortgage. Also, one of the possibilities could lead to her being considered a murder suspect.
None of these possibilities hep her adult children, Ruby (Daisy Head), a dancer in one of the ship's revues, or Ryan (Chris Fountain, Coronation Street, Hollyoaks), the head of entertainment on the ship.
Sue has just lost her job at Adorable – a bridal magazine owned by her lover, John (Anthony Head, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Merlin) – despite having helped build the magazine from the ground up. In place of her job, she was offered a consultancy (a couple hours a week!).
Then there's the situation with Sue's son, Andrew (Philip Cumbus, Macbeth, The Importance of Being Earnest) – about which I will say no more.
Gail returns home after her part-time job as a crossing guard, to find her son Tom (Matthew Lewis, the Harry Potter films – he was Neville Longbottom) has been released from prison for good behavior but has a curfew.
She has also been looking after Tom's son, Ben (Kobe Jerome) and trying to help look after mother, Edna (Valerie Lilley, Shameless: Original Recipe), who has been losing bits of herself as dementia sets in.
Girlfriends: Series 1 introduces all its mostly blue-collar characters in their most trying hours and then proceeds to put them through further hells.
They might not have been in touch as often as they'd have liked, but they are there to support each other now through trials like Linda being accosted by a wild-eyed wackadoo (Paula Wilcox) claiming that Mickey was going to leave Linda for her; Edna perhaps not being fit to cook up a bit of brekkie for Gail; Gail being divorced by Dave (Adrian Rawlins, Hard Sun, The White Princess) – despite still being in love with him, and the contentious relationship between Dave and Tom.
Creator/writer/director Kay Mellor (Playing the Field, Love, Lies and Records) sets up kind of backwards – we meet our characters in moments of crisis and then learn more about them – as people, as friends – as they encounter more and more problems.
This works – despite the seemingly endless trials they're put through (if the Roadrunner was a soap opera that would be this) – because the deeper they fall, the more human and grounded they become.
The contrast between the S#!+storms they have to go through and their very grounded personalities and lives works because the writing is amazing, and Logan, Richardson and Wannamaker are just so damned good in the roles.
Also, Mellor – who directed three of the six episodes) and Dominic Leclerc (Shameless, Love, Lies and Records), who directed the other three, maintain a pace that just a bit quicker than deliberate – and exercise exquisite timing for the most dramatic (and humorous) bits.
They make the absolute most of each new, surprising moment.
Between the wonderful cast, terrific writing and exacting directions, Girlfriends: Series 1 is a very, very good drama about girlfriends of a certain age – that will entertain a discerning audience.
The DVD set is light on features with just a half-hour behind-the-scenes featurette and an eighteen-minute interview with three cast members.
Grade: Features – C+
Grade: Girlfriends: Series 1 – A
Final Grade: B+
Like this: Like Loading...
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
4 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Fleet-footed France will have to find a way past the tournament's joint-meanest defenders Uruguay in the first of two inter-continental World Cup quarter-finals on Friday.
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia: Fleet-footed France will have to find a way past the tournament's joint-meanest defenders Uruguay in the first of two inter-continental World Cup quarter-finals on Friday.
The South Americans kept Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo at bay in their 2-1 last-16 win, and that goal conceded was the only one against them so far in Russia - a defensive feat only matched by Brazil, who play Belgium later on Friday.
Advertisement
But France banged in four goals in their last 16 game against Argentina, and will be hoping their formidable attacking trio of Antoine Griezmann, Olivier Giroud and Kylian Mbappe can turn it on again at the Nizhny Novgorod stadium.
Nineteen-year-old Mbappe scored two goals in the Argentina game, becoming the first teenager since Brazilian great Pele in the 1958 final to score two goals in one World Cup match.
But it was his amazing 70-metre sprint earlier in the match, to win France a penalty, that stunned viewers worldwide.
"I was wondering whether he was riding a scooter," joked France midfielder Florian Thauvin of the teenager whom Uruguay's defenders must be having nightmares about.
Advertisement
Advertisement
On the surface, though, Uruguay look relaxed and their experienced central defenders Jose Gimenez and Diego Godin are relishing the chance to foil both Mbappe and their friend and Atletico Madrid teammate Griezmann.
"We want to deny them space, stop them playing, make their strikers uncomfortable - that's our weapon," said midfielder Diego Laxalt at the Uruguay camp in a hotel outside Nizhny Novgorod which, oddly, is painted in the colours of Brazil.
With an impressive strike partnership of their own in Luis Suarez and Edinson Cavani, the Uruguayans believe they can surpass their most recent best of a semi-final in 2010 - though Cavani is sweating on a calf injury that may keep him out.
'Les Bleus' will be inspired by the two-decade anniversary of their only World Cup win in 1998, while double winners Uruguay's modern generation are desperate to recreate the black-and-white-era glories of their 1930 and 1950 trophies.
The winners will play Brazil or Belgium, who meet in their quarter-final in Kazan on Friday evening, for a place in the July 15 final.
(Reporting by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Starting the season with a win, the Joel Barlow High girls golf team defeated Weston 227-238 at Aspetuck Valley Country Cub on Monday, April 17.
Molly Healey led Barlow with a round of 49 for nine holes and was the medalist for the match. Jessica Huminski shot a 57, a stroke ahead of Madison Amente.
Elena Boask shot a 63. Also playing in the match, Shannon Gilbert had a 74.
Halley Melito led Weston with a 54.
SEOUL: South Korea's President Moon Jae-in said on Tuesday (Aug 15) there will be no military action upon the Korean peninsula without Seoul's consent and that the government would prevent war by all means.
"Military action on the Korean peninsula can only be decided by South Korea and no one else can decide to take military action without the consent of South Korea," said Moon in televised comments.
The president was making an annual speech to commemorate the 72nd anniversary of the nation's liberation from Japanese military rule that began in 1910 and ended in 1945.
"The government, putting everything on the line, will block war by all means," Moon said.
Previous presidents before Moon, who took office in May, have traditionally made North Korea the core of their speeches, mainly focusing on policy to engage Pyongyang.
Moon also urged the North to come to the dialogue table, saying sanctions against Pyongyang aim only draw it out to talks.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I call upon the North Korean government: without international cooperation and co-existence economic development is impossible," said Moon. "If you continue on this path there will only be international isolation and a dark future."
Tension on the Korean peninsula has increased in recent months over concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon.
North Korea and the United States exchanged threats of military action last week, with Pyongyang saying it will develop a plan to fire missiles to land in waters near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
Earlier on Tuesday, North Korea said it would keep fire-ready regarding its Guam plans while watching the actions of the United States for a while longer.
BAGHDAD: Gunmen wearing suicide vests attacked two police stations in the central Iraqi city of Samarra on Monday, killing at least seven policemen, security sources said.
The sources said clashes were ongoing at both police stations.
(Reporting by Ghazwan Hassan; Writing by Isabel Coles; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
Moscow: Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital Wednesday less than 24 hours after police reported he had been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment building. The country's security services said Babchenko's death was faked to foil a plot to take his life.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by his wife. Authorities said they suspected he was killed because of his work.
Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, announced at a news conference Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying. He then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for him and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," he said.
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats. He spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against him and his family.. He said his home address was published online and the threats he received were made by phone, email and social media.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Wednesday that Babchenko continued being threatened after he settled last fall in Kiev, where he worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station. Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, according to Ponomarev.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
HSBC drew a line under its punishment for lapses in anti-money laundering controls on Monday, saying the U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) would end its deferred prosecution agreement, lifting the threat of further penalties.
LONDON: HSBC drew a line under its punishment for lapses in anti-money laundering controls on Monday, saying the U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) would end its deferred prosecution agreement, lifting the threat of further penalties.
Europe's biggest bank paid a US$1.9 billion fine and entered into the five-year deal in 2012 for failing to prevent Mexican drug cartels from laundering hundreds of millions of dollars.
Under the deal, HSBC pledged to strengthen its sanctions and anti-money laundering controls. It had successfully done this and the DoJ will therefore file a motion to dismiss the charges that had been deferred by the agreement, HSBC said.
"While we still have improvements to make and work to do, this shows the DPA has worked in the way intended which was to lead to a transformation in the way HSBC manages financial crime risk," Stuart Levey, Chief Legal Officer at HSBC, said.
In a deferred prosecution agreement a prosecutor grants an amnesty in exchange for the defendant agreeing to fulfil certain requirements, often including the payment of a fine and a pledge to avoid further bad behaviour.
U.S. prosecutors in 2012 said that in February 2008, Mexican authorities told the CEO of HSBC's Mexico unit that a local drug lord referred to the bank as the "place to launder money".
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lax money laundering controls at HSBC allowed two cartels - one each in Mexico and Colombia - to move US$881 million in drug proceeds through the bank over the second half of the last decade, according to documents in the case.
Following its signing of the DPA in 2012, HSBC embarked on a worldwide programme of upgrading its compliance systems to U.S. standards, raising its spending to more than US$1 billion a year.
As part of the agreements with the U.S. prosecutors and Britain's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), HSBC also installed an independent monitor charged with producing annual reports on the progress of its reforms on fighting financial crime.
The bank said on Monday that the monitor, former U.S. district attorney and financial crime expert Michael Cherkasky, would continue in his FCA capacity for an unspecified time.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
HSBC shares rose 2.5 percent, the most among major European banks, as the STOXX European index of 600 lenders rose by 0.28 percent.
(Reporting by Lawrence White; editing by Jason Neely and Alexander Smith)
Distilled in the 1940s, encased in a Lalique crystal decanter, and yours for S$80,000.
Follow our new CNA LIFESTYLE page on Facebook for more dining stories and videos
SINGAPORE: Some things get better with age. Case in point: The 72-year-old single malt whisky from Macallan – the oldest bottling from the Scotch whisky label yet.
Advertisement
Only 600 bottles of The Macallan 72 Years Old In Lalique – The Genesis Decanter will be available at selected locations worldwide from August. Each bottle is individually numbered. The Macallan 72 Years Old In Lalique will be available in Singapore in a very limited quantity.
The Lalique crystal decanter. (Photo: www.themacallan.com)
The limited-edition whisky is encased in a Lalique crystal decanter. A wooden case, inspired by the curved wooden roof of Macallan's new state-of-the-art distillery, is designed by Burgess Studio and handcrafted by cabinetmaker NEJ Stevenson.
The price tag? A giddy US$60,000 (S$80,289) a pop.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Photo: www.themacallan.com)
"For its 72 years of maturation, the deceptively light colour hints that this is not an ordinary single malt," said Nick Savage, The Macallan master distiller. The flavour, according to Savage, is "an exquisite balance of strong, sweet oak with the peaty spirit shaping its refined character".
(Photo: www.themacallan.com)
"The whisky delivers surprise after surprise as aromas of fruit follow distinctive hints of peat, all the way through to the back of the mouth, where it is finished off with a lingering hint of rich fruit and oak," he said.
"Rich" indeed.
ISLAMABAD: National Commission on Human Rights' (NCHR) attention was drawn towards an attempted honour killing case in the federal capital by The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP) on Wednesday.
The victim who happens to be in her teen years is in a coma at the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (Pims) and doctors seemed pessimistic about her chances. Meanwhile, the alleged attacker is yet to be arrested and the NCHR has ordered the inspector general of the police (IGP) to submit a report on the case.
A letter sent by the HRCP to the NCHR states that on June 9 the girl, aged between 16 and 17, was suspected of being shot thrice by her cousin in the Nilore village.
Seven months ago, the father of the girl, who belongs to Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and resides in the Nilore village, decided to marry her off to a man much older in age to her. On the other hand, the girl fled her home with a boy belonging to a local community.
Four days later, the couple was found at Khanna Pul and dragged back home. The girl was beaten behind closed door, locked up and isolated inside the home. The letter says, while the girl was reading the Quran at home, her cousin shot her and left the scene on 9th June.
National Commission on Human Rights is seeking reports from IGP on arrest of suspect who allegedly tried to commit the act of honor killing.
“Her father filed an FIR with the Nilore police the same day and is not ready to reach any compromise with his nephew however the family's pressure might force him to do so.”
Shahla Rafi, a social worker and a resident of the same locality, told a local newspaper that she reported the case to the HRCP as most of the honor killings cases were never reported or not sought after by families.
“Though the father had formerly beaten his daughter, I believe that he did not intend to kill her. The cousin of the girl, who was allegedly drunk, shot her three times and escaped.”
The girl wanted to marry a local person but her family was against it, Ms Shahla added.
Human Rights Commissioner for Islamabad Chaudhry Mohammad Shafique told the same local newspaper that the HRCP reached him on Wednesday.
“I instantly contacted the IGP and ordered him to submit a report about the incident and the progress on the arrest of the suspect,” he said.
“On the same note, as such victims don't get proper care at hospitals I have also sought a report from Pims regarding treatment being provided to the girl and her condition.”
Mr Shafique said that despite the fact that the father of the girl had lodged an FIR against the suspect, in multitudes of cases cousins or brothers killed women, in the end the fathers forgave them in the courts.
“So it will be of paramount importance to record the statement of the girl and in case she does not survive the statement of her mother will be vital,” he said.
A political figure of the area, requesting anonymity, said efforts were underway to hush up the case. NCHR Chairman retired Justice Ali Nawaz Chohan told the newspaper that normally the commission does not meddle in the investigation of the police but when it is found out that the investigation has been stopped or slowed down the rights watchdog seeks a report from the police.
“We will absolutely look into the issue so that the girl gets justice. We did the same in the Tayyaba Bibi torture case and questioned the police,” he stated.
MADRID: Cristiano Ronaldo was hit with a five-match ban by the Spanish football federation (RFEF) on Monday (Aug 14) for pushing the referee after being sent-off in Real Madrid's 3-1 Spanish Super Cup, first leg win over Barcelona.
The World Player of the Year received an automatic one-match ban for his dismissal on Sunday and an extra four games for his reaction towards referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea.
Ronaldo was also fined €3,805 (US$4,500) and has 10 days to appeal the ban.
Should any appeal fail, Ronaldo will miss Wednesday's Super Cup, second leg and Madrid's first four La Liga games of the season against Deportivo la Coruna, Valencia, Levante and Real Sociedad.
Madrid had already signalled their intent to appeal Ronaldo's second yellow card shown for diving eight minutes from time when he went down inside the area under pressure from Samuel Umtiti.
"Ronaldo's sending-off annoys me because even if it is not a penalty, the card is harsh," said Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane after the game. "We will see if we can do something so that he is available on Wednesday."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ronaldo was only on the field for 24 minutes as he was introduced as a second-half substitute and fired into the top corner 10 minutes from time to give Madrid a 2-1 lead.
He received his first yellow card for removing his shirt in celebration before being shown the 10th red card of his career two minutes later.
"Once shown the red card, said player (Ronaldo) pushed me lightly as a sign of his disapproval," de Burgos Bengoetxea wrote in his referee's report.
According to the RFEF's rules, such offences are met with a suspension of anything between four and 12 games, but previous cases also resulted in four-game bans.
Police say a Chevrolet Silverado (not the one pictured) hit a cab driver in Falmouth, Massachusetts. DAVID ZALUBOWSKI AP
SAN FRANCISCO: US securities regulators on Tuesday (Apr 24) announced that Altaba will pay a US$35 million penalty for not telling them hackers had stolen Yahoo's "crown jewels."
The 2014 breach blamed on Russian hackers affected hundreds of millions of Yahoo accounts, with stolen 'crown jewel' data including usernames, email addresses, phone numbers, birthdates, encrypted passwords, and security questions, according to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
While Yahoo discovered the data breach quickly, it remained mum about it until more than two years later when it was being acquired by telecom giant Verizon Communications, the SEC case maintained.
"Yahoo?s failure to have controls and procedures in place to assess its cyber-disclosure obligations ended up leaving its investors totally in the dark about a massive data breach," SEC San Francisco regional office director Jina Choi said in a release.
"Public companies should have controls and procedures in place to properly evaluate cyber incidents and disclose material information to investors."
Although Yahoo is no longer an independent company - its financial holdings are in a separate company now called Altaba - Verizon has continued to operate the Yahoo brand, including its email service and a variety of news and entertainment websites.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Oath includes the Yahoo internet operations along with those of another former internet star, AOL.
In addition to the 2014 breach, a hack the previous year affected all three billion Yahoo user accounts, according to findings disclosed by Verizon after the acquisition.
The US Justice Department charged two Russian intelligence operatives and a pair of hackers over one of the attacks, which had apparent twin goals of espionage and financial gain.
Yahoo, which was once one of the leading internet firms, sold its main online operations to Verizon last year in a deal valued at US$4.48 billion.
The purchase price was cut following revelations of the two major data breaches at Yahoo.
A 74-year-old North Charleston man was arrested on Friday for trafficking drugs and other charges.
A judge set a surety bond of $90,000, Saturday morning, for three counts of trafficking drugs and possession of a stolen firearm.
A North Charleston Police Narcotics Unit executed a search warrant against William Hay, Jr., at a residence on Navajo Street.
An affidavit states Hay was the only person found in the residence.
After searching the home, officers found a Glock 17C 9mm handgun with an extended magazine. A check found the handgun was reported stolen with the North Charleston Police Department.
Officers also found a bag containing 15.6 grams of cocaine powder, another with an off-white rock containing 10.86 grams of a substance that tested positive for cocaine and three other bags containing 53.03 grams of heroin.
Copyright 2018 WCSC. All rights reserved.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anthony Martial has been voted Manchester United's player of the month.
The Frenchman has been in excellent form for the Red Devils, scoring in wins over Everton, CSKA Moscow and Burton Albion.
And as a result of his impressive displays, Martial has picked up the September prize, as voted for by United fans.
He was up against Romelu Lukaku, Marouane Fellaini and Marcus Rashford, who have all been in excellent form.
But Martial took top spot with 41 percent of the vote, ahead of goal machine Lukaku.
(Image: Man Utd via Getty Images)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
He found the net as a late substitute in the 4-0 thrashing of Everton before notching a goal and an assist against Burton in the Carabao Cup.
Martial was at it again in Moscow, scoring one and making another two before also registering an assist in the win over Palace.
It is the third time he has won the prize during his time at Old Trafford.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Last month, Jose Mourinho said: "I see a great improvement in the person.
“I see it in his mood, his face, his body language. If you want one word: happiness. I am very pleased with his attitude overall, which means it's easier for him to play well.
"He's a happy guy, he's working extremely well."
British Airways cabin crew are due to stage a four-day strike from next week.
The union says they earn less than the other cabin crew staff and some of them have to take on second jobs.
INTERNATIONAL NEWS - British Airways cabin crew are due to stage a four-day strike from next week.It's the latest in a series of stoppages this year in a dispute over pay.However this does not include British Airways flights operated by Comair.Unite, the union representing the cabin crew, say they intend to pile on the pressure by staging another four-day walk-out from next Wednesday.That comes on top of four days of strike action already in place for this Friday.The dispute centres around pay for the next crew who do both short and long haul flights.
CAIRO: Islamic State claimed responsibility for a gun attack on an Istanbul nightclub which killed 39 people on Sunday, the group said in a statement on Monday (Jan 2).
"In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross, Turkey, a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday," the statement said.
(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein; Editing by Giles Elgood)
The decision of the three-man panel of prosecutors to uphold the legality of the arrest of Bohol Provincial Board Member Niño Rey Boniel was cheered and jeered by opposing camps.
Chief Supt. Noli Taliño, director of the Police Regional Office in Central Visayas (PRO-7), said he was elated with the finding of the panel.
“I am very happy that we were able to file the case, and that the arrest we made was considered valid by the prosecutors,” he said in an interview on Wednesday.
ADVERTISEMENT
A three-man panel of state prosecutors in Lapu-Lapu City on Tuesday deemed as “valid” the warrantless arrest made on Niño for the crime of parricide.
The validity of the arrest was a major concern raised by Niño's lawyers during the inquest proceedings — a mandatory procedure following the arrest of a person.
Lawyer Handel Lagunay, one of Niño's legal counsels, said they were disappointed by the findings of the prosecutor.
“It is but normal to be dismayed when we heard about it,” he told CDN over the phone on Wednesday.
“Well, that will become a legal issue as the case progresses,” he added.
During the inquest proceedings in Lapu-Lapu City last Tuesday, Niño's legal team questioned the two warrantless arrests made on the board member.
Niño was earlier placed under arrest by the Bohol police upon the instructions of Senior Supt. Jonathan Cabal, head of the Regional Intelligence Division, around 10 p.m. on Wednesday, about 18 hours since Gisela was reportedly killed.
He was particularly arrested for allegedly holding captive Gisela's best friend Angela Leyson and the latter's 17-year-old son inside the resort in Bien Unido.
Around 4 p.m. last Friday, the police filed two counts of kidnapping and serious illegal detention complaints against Niño at the Bohol Provincial Prosecutor's Office in relation to Leyson's allegations.
But Judge Marivic Trabajo-Daray of the Regional Trial Court Branch 52 of Talibon town, on the same day, ordered the immediate release of Niño and his driver Randel Lupas because the police failed to file criminal complaints against the two suspects within the reglementary period of 36 hours.
The order stemmed from the petition of habeas corpus that Niño's lawyers filed against the Bohol police, questioning the legality of the arrest of his client.
The police, however, refused to obey the court order, saying they filed the first batch of criminal case against Niño on time.
Granting that the period for the filing of kidnapping and illegal detention complaints had lapsed, Taliño said Niño could not be released since the board member was re-arrested on June 9, this time for killing Gisela.
Lagunay said he already informed Judge Daray about the police's refusal to release Niño. “It's up to the judge what to do about it,” he said.
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson believes winger Wilfried Zaha is not a cheat, insisting that the Ivorian did not dive to win two penalties during Saturday's 2-2 Premier League draw with Bournemouth.
REUTERS: Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson believes winger Wilfried Zaha is not a cheat, insisting that the Ivorian did not dive to win two penalties during Saturday's 2-2 Premier League draw with Bournemouth.
After Bournemouth took the lead, midfielder Luka Milivojevic equalised for Palace from the spot before halftime, while striker Christian Benteke failed to convert a potentially match-winning penalty in the 93rd minute.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe questioned both awards after the game but his Palace counterpart maintains that the referee made the right calls, saying Zaha was fouled on each occasion.
"He doesn't dive, that's the simple fact of the matter," Hodgson told reporters.
"Apart from the two penalties awarded there were at least half a dozen other occasions where if you look at it with a fine-toothed comb, like everyone seems to want to do, there could have been more penalties.
"And if you really want to talk about refereeing decisions I suggest you look at the first Jermain Defoe goal, where their player has two arms around our defender, stopping him moving."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The draw left Palace at the bottom of the table, two points behind 17th-placed West Bromwich Albion, as they prepare to host ninth-placed Watford on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
COPENHAGEN: Danish authorities are waiting for an extradition request from South Korea for Chung Yoo-ra, the daughter of a woman at the centre of an influence-peddling scandal, they said on Monday.
Three other adults and a child were with Chung Yoo-ra when she was arrested in the Danish city of Aalborg on Sunday after a tip-off from a South Korean journalist.
(Reporting by Jacob Gronholt-Pedersen; Editing by Louise Ireland)
DUBAI: The ambassador of the United Arab Emirates to Afghanistan died on Wednesday of wounds sustained in a bomb attack in Kandahar last month that also killed five Emirati aid workers, the UAE's foreign ministry announced.
"With great sadness and sorrow, we mourn the martyr of the nation and his duty, the righteous son Juma Mohammed Abdullah al-Kaabi, who gave his pure soul for the sake of humanity," the ministry said in a statement quoted by official news agency WAM.
(Reporting By Alex Cornwell and Noah Browning)
BRASILIA: At least 50 people have been killed in a bloody prison riot in the Amazon jungle city of Manaus, a Brazilian security official told the Globo TV network on Monday.
Sergio Fontes, the head of security for Amazonas state, told Globo he fears that more dead will be found as authorities get a clearer idea of the extent of the rebellion that began late on Sunday, sparked by a fight between rival drug gangs.
International watchdog groups sharply criticise Brazil for its prison system, where overcrowding is the norm and deadly riots routinely break out.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
REUTERS: The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services proposed on Wednesday to reduce the period for the enrollment for individual Obamacare plans for 2018, as part of the agency's efforts to stabilize the individual insurance market.
The rule proposes to shorten the upcoming annual open enrollment period for the individual market to Nov. 1-Dec. 15, 2017. (http://go.cms.gov/2kJGOpw)
The change will align the marketplaces with the employer-sponsored insurance market and Medicare, and help lower prices by reducing adverse selection, said the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, a division of the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services.
The proposal also suggests changes to the special enrollment periods, guaranteed availability and network adequacy rules.
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
New Zealand's ruling National Party won 44.4 percent of the votes in the country's inconclusive Sept. 23 election, according to the final tally released on Saturday, while the opposition Labour Party took 36.9 percent.
WELLINGTON: New Zealand's ruling National Party won 44.4 percent of the votes in the country's inconclusive Sept. 23 election, according to the final tally released on Saturday, while the opposition Labour Party took 36.9 percent.
The nationalist New Zealand First Party won 7.2 percent of the votes, leaving it with the balance of power in the formation of the next government. The Green Party, which has a working agreement with Labour, took 6.3 percent of the ballot.
The results show that the National Party has 56 seats in the 120-seat parliament, Labour 46, New Zealand First nine and the Greens eight.
New Zealand First leader Winston Peters has said he will make a decision which party to back to form a coalition government by Oct. 12. Peters has in past elections formed coalition governments with both the National Party and Labour.
(Reporting by Ana Nicolaci da Costa and Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Michael Perry)
Chinese President Xi Jinping called for the "great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation" and for his country to take its "due place in the world," in a nationalistic speech on Tuesday at the closing of the annual parliamentary session.
"The Chinese people have been indomitable and persistent," Xi told the almost 3,000 delegates in the cavernous Great Hall of the People in Beijing. "We are resolved to fight the bloody battle against our enemies."
"We have the strong capability to take our due place in the world," he said.
Xi, 64, used the two-week session to consolidate his position, with the rubber-stamp legislature amending the constitution to remove presidential term limits, effectively paving the way for him to rule indefinitely.
He was also unanimously elected to his second term as president, installed his closest aide as vice president and stacked key cabinet positions with his loyalists.
Xi warned against separatist movements and said China, which is currently involved in territorial disputes with its neighbors in the South and East China Seas, would safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity.
"Not a single inch of our land will be and can be ceded," he said.
On the topic of self-ruling Taiwan, which Beijing sees as a breakaway province, Xi said that efforts to separate it from the Chinese nation were doomed to fail.
Meanwhile, Premier Li Keqiang said Tuesday that China doesn't want to see a "trade war" with the United States and hopes to reach a negotiated settlement of disputes.
Speaking at a nationally televised news conference, Li said rash action would hurt all sides. He made no mention of a possible Chinese response to any increase in U.S. import controls.
Beijing faces mounting pressure from the government of U.S. President Donald Trump over complaints it hampers access to its markets, pressures foreign companies to hand over technology and is flooding foreign markets with unfairly low-priced steel and other goods.
That has prompted concern possible U.S. import controls might set off a cycle of retaliation by Beijing and other governments.
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li. He said that would be contrary to trade rules based on negotiation and dialogue and would damage a mutually beneficial U.S.-Chinese trading relationship.
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," he said. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Chinese trade officials said earlier that Beijing was ready to respond, though they gave no details. Business groups have suggested they could target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage in a dispute, the premier said China's investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Also Tuesday, Li promised China "will open even wider" to imports and investment and will fully open manufacturing industries to foreign competitors.
Beijing plans to eliminate import tariffs on drugs and slash duties on consumer goods, said Li. He said the country will "fully open the manufacturing sector," with better protection for intellectual property.
Chinese leaders are moving to make their slowing, state-dominated economy more productive. They have promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition, but business groups complain they are moving too slowly.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," said Li. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
Beijing faces complaints it violates its market-opening commitments by requiring automakers and other foreign companies to hand over technology to potential Chinese competitors. Washington is investigating whether Beijing is acting improperly, a probe American officials have suggested might lead to trade penalties.
ISLAMABAD-The Afghanistan Ambassador to Pakistan Dr Omar Zakhilwal said the other day that collaboration between two countries in the sector of health will help in improving the relations of two neighbouring countries.
He was speaking at Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences where he met with Afghan medical professionals.
“Afghan government is thankful to Pakistan and PIMS which provided training opportunity to Afghan doctors here,” said Dr Omar.
The ambassador also appreciated the establishment of 1st kidney hospital at Afghanistan with cooperation of Pakistan.
Afghan ambassador held a short session of discussion with Afghan medical trainees at PIMS, organizers and faculty.
Vice Chancellor (VC) Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical University (SZABMU) Javed Akram stated that the training will contribute in promoting the cordial and brotherly relations between two countries.
“It is just the beginning and more steps would be taken to facilitate the medical professionals from neighbouring country,” he said.
Meanwhile, PIMS administrator held a briefing on the training of Afghan professionals at PIMS.
Around 68 Afghan health professionals including nurses and paramedic staff are being trained for three months in different departments of PIMS and will return back to their home country.
These Afghan medical professionals will serve in the three hospitals being built by Pakistan government in different cities of Afghanistan.
The program has been launched with the collaboration of Ministry of National Health and Services (NHS) to help Afghanistan in building the infrastructure of health department.
According to health ministry official, Pakistan is establishing three hospitals in Kabul, Jalalabad and Nangarhar where people of Afghanistan will get benefit from the facilities.
Program of training Afghan health professionals has been launched with the collaboration of NHS, ministry of Capital Administration and Development Division (CADD) and SZABMU.
Administrator PIMS, Dr Altaf Hussain in a conversation with The Nation said that 90 per cent of constructions works in hospitals in Afghanistan is completed while equipment is being purchased now.
He said total 115 medical professionals from Afghanistan will be trained in Pakistan where they will be given proper medical training and services.
“PIMS will train 88 persons while, rest of 27 will get training in Hayatabad Medical complex Peshawar,” he said.
PIMS administrator stated that these medical professionals will be given training in the department of nephrology, urology, radiology, neurology and pathology.
Later, a one year master trainers program will be also launched which will provide training to medical professionals in Afghanistan, said Dr Altaf.
These medical professionals will be given training in three steps which will include theory learning, observation of work and finally the work under the supervision of medical trainer.
TOKYO: Italy took the lead against Japan on Saturday (Feb 3) after the second day of their Davis Cup World Group clash as Simone Bolelli and won the doubles in style.
The Italian duo thrashed Yasutaka Uchiyama and New Zealand-born Ben McLachlan 7-5, 6-7 (4-7), 7-6 (7-3), 7-5 in the compact Morioka Takaya Arena.
The Japanese team barely won the second set after it went to a tie-breaker, but the 2015 Australian Open doubles champions secured the decisive third set following another tie-break.
The Italian pair overpowered their Japanese rivals in the fourth set to take the match, silencing local fans.
The victory gave Italy a 2-1 lead as the showdown heads into the final day.
On Sunday, world number 22 Fognini will take on Yuichi Sugita, ranked 41 in the world, who has led the Japanese squad after a wrist injury sidelined Kei Nishikori.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The final match on Sunday will pit Japan's Taro Daniel, ranked a lowly 100 in the world in singles, against veteran Andreas Seppi.
Japan are looking to reach the quarter-finals of the Davis Cup for only the second time after Nishikori helped them reach the last eight in 2014.
Italy were champions back in 1976 and have finished runners-up on six occasions.
Elite Farm Services workers seen throwing chickens at a Chilliwack farm in undercover video filmed by Mercy for Animals. (Submitted)
The Vancouver Humane Society (VHS) is not happy it's been nearly a year since the release of video showing violent abuse of chickens on a Chilliwack farm and yet no one has been charged.
“There would no doubt be considerable public outrage if the alleged perpetrators of these extreme acts of cruelty were not brought to justice,” VHS executive director Debra Probert said in a May 28 letter to B.C. Attorney General David Eby.
The video in question shot at an Elite Farm Services operation in Chilliwack and showed chickens being kicked, stomped on, sexually abused and having their limbs torn off.
In the wake of the undercover footage filmed by an employee working for Mercy for Animals, five employees and one supervisor of the local farm labour company involved were fired, according to the company's president.
“We are sickened with the footage and want to ensure all our suppliers and producers that this is not reflective of who we are, our fundamental beliefs or behaviour we accept from our employees,” said Dwayne Dueck of Elite Farm Services in a statement issued in June 2017.
The BC Chicken Marketing Board, too, expressed disgust at the practices seen in the video.
“This is beyond anything that any normal person would conceive of to be normal behaviour,” executive director Bill Vanderspek told Black Press in an interview nearly a year ago. “I was just disgusted.”
• READ MORE: B.C. chicken farmers respond to videos of violent abuse of birds at Chilliwack farms
Given the long delay, the VHS is calling on Eby to ensure those responsible for the animal cruelty are brought to justice.
The B.C. SPCA has produced a report for Crown Counsel recommending animal cruelty charges, but no charges have been laid, according to the VHS.
“We are concerned at this undue delay and any potential impact it might have on a successful prosecution proceeding,” Probert said in her letter to Eby. “
The letter calls on the Attorney General to “take whatever action is necessary to expedite Crown Counsel's work on this case.”
• READ MORE: Chicken catchers to wear body cameras following abuse video
@PeeJayAitch
paul.henderson@theprogress.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
NAIROBI: Burundi plans to raise money for an election in 2020 by deducting part of civil servants' salaries and taking contributions directly from citizens, a government minister said on Monday, as it seeks to replace dwindling external funding.
Until 2015, Burundi used external aid to pay for elections, but donors have suspended their assistance since a political crisis erupted when President Pierre Nkurunziza sought and won a third term.
Pascal Barandagiye, the minister for interior, said the government will also be seek contributions from every household, which will pay up to 2000 francs (US$1.14) a year. Gross national income per capita stood at US$280 in 2016, and close to 65 percent of the population live below the poverty line, according to World Bank data.
"The total amount of the election cost is not yet known ... But as soon as the needed fund is got the fundraising campaign will be halted," Barandagiye told a news conference. "That contribution should be given voluntarily, it shouldn't be seen as a head tax."
Students of voting age will contribute 1000 francs annually. Civil servants will contribute at least a tenth of their monthly salaries, Barandagiye said. Foreign help would also be accepted, he said.
Burundi has been gripped by a political crisis since April 2015, when Nkurunziza announced he would stand for a third term, which the opposition said violated the constitution as well as a 2005 peace deal that ended a 12-year civil war.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He won a vote largely boycotted by the opposition, but protests sparked a government crackdown. More than 700 people have been killed and 400,000 displaced to neighbouring countries. The economy has stagnated.
The aid-dependent nation now has to rely on domestic tax collection and modest revenue from coffee and tea exports. Key donors, such as the European Union, cut direct financial support to the government over accusations of human rights violations and the crackdown on opponents, which Burundi rejects.
At the end of October, Burundi's cabinet adopted draft legislation seeking to change the current constitution to allow Nkurunziza to run for a fourth term in the 2020 election.
The proposed amendments, which are likely to go to a referendum by next year, seek to abolish the two-term limit and lengthen the presidential terms to seven years.
(Editing by George Obulutsa, Larry King)
The World Cup quarter-finals kick off in Russia with two games Friday, and two more Saturday.
Friday's action features the tougher side of the draw, with Uruguay facing France in the early game, followed by Brazil against Belgium. The two winners face each other in next Tuesday's semifinal.
None of the four teams playing Friday would look out of place in the World Cup final, in contrast with the other side of the draw which is clearly weaker, with England, Croatia, Russia and Sweden.
The key story for Uruguay is the fitness of striker Edinson Cavani. He was superb against Portugal, but pulled a hamstring and is unlikely to be ready in time.
His understudy is veteran target man Cristhian Stuani, who is a big drop in quality. Stuani has never been much of a goal scorer for Uruguay although he is coming off a good season in Spain with Girona. He will primarily look to create space for Luis Suarez.
The key player for France is Kylian Mbappe, who is a teammate of Cavani's at Paris Saint-Germain. The 20-year-old was sensational against Argentina. Can he do it again?
Uruguay's defence has been strong, led by Diego Godin and Jose Giminez. A key matchup could be Godin battling in the air with French striker Olivier Giroud. Uruguay will also need big games defensively from its young midfield, particularly Lucas Torreira and Matias Vecino. France's midfield will be without the suspended Blaise Matuidi.
The second game offers a bit of a twist. Usually I talk about Brazil's attacking flair against European disciplined defending. This time though it's Brazil with the strong defence and Belgium that brings the flair.
Thiago Silva and Miranda have been outstanding on a Brazil defence that has allowed only one goal in the tournament and just five shots on goal. They face a potent Belgium attack led by Eden Hazard, Romelu Lukaku and Kevin De Bruyne.
Brazil has plenty of attacking options of its own. Philippe Coutinho has been consistently good, while Willian on the right is looking better and better. Young Gabriel Jesus has been disappointing, so we might see a start for Roberto Firmino. And then there's Neymar.
Obviously Neymar is a special player who can work magic with the ball, but his flopping and rolling about is so unnecessary. People who understand the game can see past it, but I worry about the typical North American sports fan checking out the World Cup, and seeing Neymar's disgraceful antics.
This is where I'd like to see FIFA crack down with post-game video review. Hand out suspensions for the ridiculous play acting, and players will get the message.
As for Belgium, Thibaut Courtois is a fine goalkeeper, but the defence led by Vincent Kompany and Jan Vertonghen has looked vulnerable. Belgium has the talent to outscore most teams, but Brazil isn't like most teams. This Belgium squad seems top heavy and that imbalance could be exposed in this game.
Bob Lenarduzzi is president of Vancouver Whitecaps FC. For tickets visit: whitecapsfc.com/tickets.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
Better safe than sorry.
Fearing that they might be penalized for their actions, officials of Barangay Ermita on Friday afternoon decided to temporarily stop attaching tarpaulins on houses that they identified as “drug-free.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“Moundang usa mi aron safe. Basin unya og ikiha ug masuspenso na pud mi ani (We have to stop for now to be safe. Complaints might be filed against us, and we are afraid that we will be suspended again),” said Ermita Barangay Captain Felicisimo “Imok” Rupinta.
The village chief was referring to the six-month suspension meted against him and all the seven councilors of the barangay by the Office of the Ombudsman starting last February for their failure to cooperate with the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) during a drug raid in November 2016.
The village chief said they decided to suspend the posting of the “This is a drug-free home” labels on houses in his barangay when informed about the recent appeal of the Commission on Human Rights in Central Visayas (CHR-7) for them to stop posting drug-free tarpaulins in houses, as it was a move that could be considered as discriminatory by human rights advocates.
Rupinta said he would talk to CHR-7 Director Arvin Odron today to clarify some issues regarding the village's anti-drug campaign.
Since the campaign started last Thursday, at least 156 houses in Barangay Ermita had received tarpaulins printed in bold letters with words that read, “This house is a drug-free home.”
Rupinta said they intend to mark about 2,000 in the village with the signage.
‘Stop it'
In a text message sent to Cebu Daily News on Friday, Odron, however, appealed to Rupinta and other village officials to cease from implementing anti-drug schemes that tend to violate human rights.
He said residents of a house with no drug-free tarpaulins may be tagged as drug pushers or users — a violation of the person's right “to be heard before he or she is condemned.”
“We appeal to them (Ermita elected officials) to stop the practice of positive discrimination as it has impacts and implications on the enjoyment of all persons of their human rights and the right to dignity and to be presumed innocent until their guilt is proven by the proper judicial authorities,” Odron said.
The CHR-7 chief was hoping that Ermita officials would heed the CHR-7's call so that it would not have to end in filing cases against them.
“We are monitoring government compliance on human rights standards. We remind them of their obligation to respect and protect human rights in due and most appropriate time,” he said.
“As of this time, we don't entertain the idea of initiating a legal case (against Barangay Ermita officials). That is our last option as much as possible. For now, we are gathering vital information with a request to stop the campaign as it appears to be discriminatory,” he added.
Odron said the CHR remains firm in its stand to ensure that any policy of the government does not violate the Constitution and human rights standards.
“After all, human rights are protected by laws, and it is the duty of the government to enforce these laws. Human rights should be enjoyed by all without discrimination,” he said.
No violations
Rupinta, however, stressed that they have not violated human rights in posting drug-free tarpaulins in houses in Barangay Ermita.
“Sa among paminaw, wala man g'yud mi gidaot ani. Ang amo lang gitinguha mao ang kaayohan sa tanan ug aron pagsugpo sa ilegal nga drogas (We are not destroying reputations of people here. We only want what's good for everyone and to address the problem on illegal drugs),” he explained.
As they implemented the campaign last Thursday, he said two suspected drug pushers in the village approached him to express their intent to surrender.
“They wanted to have those drug-free tarpaulins. I did not immediately believe their claims, so I endorsed them to the police for proper documentation and processing,” Rupinta said.
He said illegal drugs have become a serious problem not just in Barangay Ermita, which was tagged by PDEA-7 as one of the drug hotspots in the city, but also in other places.
“Grabe nga nakadaot sa komonidad ang drogas. Tungod kay nadaot naman ang utok, pataka na lang og pamusil (Illegal drugs have destroyed the community. Because their brains have been affected, persons hooked on illegal drugs shoot anyone without any just cause),” he said.
The village's Barangay Anti-Drug Abuse Council (Badac), barangay officials, tanods, community leaders and organizations, including members of the Catholic lay group Daughters of Mary Immaculate, validated the list which was used as basis in posting the drug-free tarpaulins, according to Rupinta.
Police support
While the CHR frowned on the program, two top police officials expressed support for Barangay Ermita's anti-drug scheme.
Chief Supt. Jose Mario Espino, director of the Police Regional Office in Central Visayas, said there was nothing discriminatory in posting drug-free tarpaulins on houses.
“It will even encourage people to get rid of illegal drugs so that their homes would receive those tarpaulins,” he told reporters.
“That is a very good move, a positive approach so to speak. We welcome that. It only shows that they (Barangay Ermita officials) share the responsibility in fighting illegal drugs,” he added.
Senior Supt. Joel Doria, Cebu City Police Office director, shared the same sentiments.
“That is a good program. It would warn people to really stay away from illegal drugs,” he said in a separate interview.
However, Doria reminded residents that drug-free tarpaulins would not save them from arrests in case they are involved in illegal drugs.
“Having those tarpaulins does not necessarily mean that everything is all right. Our validation and monitoring continue,” he said.
Sincerity
Cebu City Mayor Tomas Osmeña, for his part, questioned the sincerity of Barangay Ermita officials in implementing a program to fight illegal drugs.
Although a “positive approach” in the war on drugs is good, Osmeña said Rupinta was not the right person to do it as there were reports that the village chief was an alleged illegal drug protector. Rupinta had been denying the allegation.
“Who is he fooling? He has to prove himself and that would take time. In the meantime, I question whether he is sincere,” Osmeña said in an interview.
Osmeña noted that the illegal drug business of suspected drug lord Rowen “Yawa” Secretaria, a resident of Barangay Ermita, has thrived in the barangay.
Secretaria was killed in a police operation on Banacon Island, Bohol, on May 28, 2016.
“Ermita is very notorious for drugs. He (Rupinta) was very supportive when Yawa died. He was suspended because he was deemed a protector. All of a sudden, he is against drugs?” he said.
Rupinta and seven barangay councilors served a six-month preventive suspension from February to July 2017 as ordered by the Ombudsman.
The issue stemmed from a complaint filed by PDEA-7 against the barangay officials for failing to carry out their task in the maintenance of public order and safety within their area of responsibility in the community.
Then PDEA-7 chief Yogi Filemon Ruiz filed the complaint after his agents waited for two hours during an operation on November 6, 2016, but no elected official from the village arrived to assist the anti-narcotics team that raided drug dens in Sitio Bato, Barangay Ermita.
US President Donald Trump's reelection campaign released its first television advertisement on Sunday, a 30-second spot that attacks Democrats and touts the accomplishments of his first seven months in office.The ad's release comes amid intense criticism of Trump's response to the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, where a planned rally by white supremacists led to violence that killed a counter-protester.Speaking on Saturday from his golf resort in Bedminster, New Jersey, Trump stopped short of calling the demonstrators "white supremacists" and instead criticized groups on "many sides." Even members of his own party said he had failed to adequately condemn those behind the violence.The new advertisement uses the same video clips, still images and font as one released earlier this year by America First Policies, a political group that is able to secretly raise and spend unlimited sums of money. Trump's campaign and America First Policies are prohibited by law from coordinating with each other.Trump filed for reelection the day he took office, an unusual move that has allowed him to begin campaigning long before the November 2020 election. Historically, incumbent presidents have waited two years, until after the midterm elections, to file formally.Trump's campaign did not respond to a request for comment about how much money it was spending on the ad, where it was running or why it decided to release it this weekend.The ad says Trump has created jobs and helped the stock market since taking office."The president's enemies don't want him to succeed, but Americans are saying, 'Let President Trump do his job,'" the advertisement states.Trump continues to struggle with low approval numbers, and the television ad could be an attempt to bolster his support. His campaign has raised more than $12 million since the beginning of the year."This new campaign ad speaks directly to the American people and sets the record straight, reminding them that President Donald Trump will not stop fighting for them and will not allow anyone to stand in his way to deliver success for them,” campaign manager Michael Glassner said in a statement announcing the ad.
LONDON-Britain on Friday outlined plans for a near-total ban on trade in antique ivory, bowing to pressure from campaigners who say that poachers are exploiting loopholes in the current regulations.
Announcing the plan, Environment Secretary Michael Gove said the decline in elephant populations fuelled by poaching for their tusks “shames our generation.” “Ivory should never be seen as a commodity for financial gain or a status symbol - so we want to ban its sale,” Gove said in a statement. “These plans will put the UK front and centre of global efforts to end the insidious trade in ivory.”
Britain currently bans sales of raw ivory but allows trade in carved items produced before 1947, and campaigners warn that this legal market has been used as a cover for trade in illegal ivory.
Under the new proposals, to be debated over the next three months before legislation is introduced, sales of older items would be banned, with some exemptions including musical instruments and items deemed to have “significant historic, artistic or cultural value.”
The US-based Wildlife Conservation Society said it was “a critical step in joining other nations to reverse the precipitous decline of African elephants.”
“The implementation of a strict ban without loopholes that traders can exploit is essential in the fight against the poaching of elephants and the trafficking in their ivory,” the group added.
But World Wildlife Fund (WWF) chief executive Tanya Steeler warned there was a long way to go and “no time to waste.”
“Whilst discussions roll on, 55 African elephants a day are killed. We need to be the generation that ends the illegal ivory trade once and for all.
“This is about a lot more than banning ivory sales in one country. It means working with global leaders and communities around the world, particularly in China and south-east Asia, to implement bans,” she said.
The United States - the world's second-largest consumer market for illegal ivory after China - has announced a near-total ban on the trade of African elephant ivory with the exception of antiques.
China has also said it will ban all ivory trade and processing by the end of the year in a move hailed by conservationists as a “game changer” for elephants.
African ivory is highly sought after in China, where it is seen as a status symbol, with prices for a kilo (2.2 pounds) reaching as high as $1,100 (940 euros).
The WWF says more than 20,000 African elephants die every year to feed the ivory trade in Hong Kong and Asia.
HANOVER TWP. — At dusk on Monday, grief-stricken family and friends of Jasmine Cardona huddled around a makeshift memorial dedicated to the teenager who was killed in a violent vehicle crash over the weekend.
This was their private time to mourn the loss of the 16-year-old cheerleader for Wyoming Valley West High School. They said they are planning a bigger vigil later in the week when Jasmine's heartbroken grandmother arrives from Puerto Rico.
Candles, flowers and other items in an open field along South Main Street mark the spot where the vehicle Jasmine was riding in came to rest after veering off the road and severing a utility pole around 11 p.m. Saturday.
Jasmine was pronounced dead shortly after arrival at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center in Plains Twp., Luzerne County Chief Deputy Coroner Dan Hughes said.
The Plymouth girl was one of four teenage girls who were in the vehicle, police said.
Jasmine was a passenger and died as a result of multiple traumatic injuries, according to the coroner's office.
Her manner of death, like the crash itself, remains under police investigation.
Police say the vehicle was traveling south from Wilkes-Barre and suddenly crossed over the northbound lanes upon entering Hanover Twp. The vehicle splintered a utility pole between Division Street and St. Peter's Lutheran Church and kept going until it stopped in an open field.
All of the occupants were taken by ambulance to hospitals, police said in a news release. Names of the driver and other occupants have not been released.
Hanover Twp. police Chief Albert Walker offered few details on the crash Monday morning, but did confirm that all four occupants of the vehicle were teenagers.
Jasmine, an honor roll student, was a junior at Wyoming Valley West High School, superintendent Irv DeReemer said.
He said school guidance counselors and members of a Children's Services Center crisis unit will be available today to offer support to Jasmine's friends, classmates and school faculty.
“We'll have our plan in place as students arrive for help and support,” DeReemer said. “We will be there for the family and support them in any way that we can.”
Jasmine and her family moved to the area from Plainfield, New Jersey, about a decade ago. She currently was working at Plymouth Hometown Market and was planning to go to college after graduation next year, family said.
Jasmine's mother, Eneida, is a volunteer and advocate for Luzerne County Head Start who once was flanked by Sen. Bob Casey during a rally against cuts the program's funding.
Eneida Cardona on Monday said she was too emotionally distraught to talk to a reporter.
Friends of Jasmine on Monday shared the girl's Facebook profile picture and other memories with messages of shock and heartbreak. Many offered condolences to Jasmine's family.
News of the crash made its way to the staff and campers at Camp Dost, a Ronald McDonald House sponsored camp for pediatric cancer patients. Counselor Val Mendoza said Jasmine spent five summers there as a sibling camper, supporting her younger brother, Jonathan, a cancer survivor.
“I'm in shock,” Mendoza, of New York City, said, echoing the emotions of many Camp Dost staff members and campers.
Mendoza last worked with Jasmine when she was a member of the camp's “teen group” last summer.
“She was always very enthusiastic,” Mendoza said. “She loved sneakers and she loved music ... she was really, really supportive of her brother and she was always supportive toward the other campers.”
Mendoza called Jasmine mature for her age and said she spoke often about the future and her desire to pursue higher education.
“We had some good talks, her and I,” Mendoza said. “We had great conversations about life and school ... she wanted to go to college.”
Anyone who witnessed Saturday's crash is asked to call Hanover Twp. police at 570-825-1254.
Contact the writers:
bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2055, @cvbobkal
sscinto@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2048, @sscintoCV
BEIJING: A human rights activist best known as "Super Vulgar Butcher" who rose to prominence by harnessing social media to mobilise public support admitted in a closed-door trial that his actions "violated the law", a Chinese court said on Monday.
Wu Gan, 44, was detained in May 2015 and charged with subverting the state.
Known for his distinctive bald pate and cutting humour, Wu combined cyber-activism with eye-catching street performance to draw attention to causes ranging from wrongful imprisonment to freedom of speech.
He worked in an investigative capacity for a law firm, helping it find and vet cases involving abuses of power.
In a brief statement published on its official Weibo account on Monday afternoon, the Tianjin No.2 Intermediate People's Court said it did not hold an open hearing because Wu's case impinged on "state secrets".
"The defendant Wu Gan recognised his behaviour violated criminal law and constituted a crime," the court said, adding that his lawyers were allowed to "fully express" their defence arguments.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The court said a verdict would be handed down at an unspecified later date.
Politically sensitive cases such as Wu's almost always result in a guilty verdict from China's Communist Party-controlled judiciary.
Repeated telephone calls to Wu's lawyers went unanswered.
In a pre-trial statement that Wu managed to slip to his lawyers during a recent meeting, Wu said he knew he would "receive a heavy sentence" because of his "refusal to accept a state-designated lawyer, plead guilty, and make a televised confession for their propaganda purposes."
"My crime of subverting the Communist regime is a great honour for me," he said in the statement, published online by his father on Aug. 9. "A guilty verdict issued by a dictatorial regime is a golden glittering trophy awarded to warriors for liberty and democracy."
Wu was detained at the start of what is now referred to as the "709 Crackdown", named after the date of the biggest sweep on July 9, 2015, when hundreds of lawyers and activists were targeted for arrest, detention or questioning.
Wu is one of the last remaining defendants to go on trial, more than two years on.
Most of the lawyers and activists have been released after serving short or suspended sentences, usually after recording televised "confessions", pleading guilty and expressing contrition in court.
Wu's supporters say his trial was delayed and only held behind closed doors because of his refusal to follow suit, while also scoffing at any suggestion he could have any state secrets in his possession.
"Wu Gan's trial is a cruel farce and it is inconceivable that he will receive a fair hearing in what is a politically motivated prosecution," said Patrick Poon, China researcher for Amnesty International.
"He is merely being punished for refusing to stop his innovative and legitimate campaigns for justice in China."
(Reporting by Philip Wen and Christian Shepherd; Editing by Nick Macfie)
BRASILIA: Shares in the Brazil aircraft manufacturer Embraer soared on Wednesday (Jul 4) on the back of speculation that a deal to create a new company with US plane-maker Boeing was in the offing.
Embraer stock was up 4.77 per cent at midday on Wednesday on the São Paulo stock exchange after peaking at a six per cent rise earlier in the day.
Advertisement
On Tuesday, shares in the flagship company of Brazilian industry had already closed up 5.1 per cent.
The daily Folha de S. Paulo said on Wednesday the government had agreed in principle on the proposed tie-up - which media reports say would leave Boeing as the majority partner in a new company - but had yet to make an official announcement.
It said an official deal would be announced in the coming days.
According to the economic daily Valor earlier this week, Embraer would keep sole control of its military activities under the agreement and would merge its civilian aircraft building with the US giant.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Embraer, the third largest aircraft manufacturer in the world, was founded as a state group in 1969 before being privatized in 1994, although the Brazilian government retained the right to make strategic decisions for the company.
Folha said the two manufacturers would create a third company, in which Boeing would have an 80 per cent controlling stake and Embraer 20 per cent.
Embraer, with a US$6 billion turnover and 16,000 employees, confirmed to AFP on Monday they were in "advanced negotiations" with Boeing.
Taking charge of Embraer's civilian airliner business would allow Boeing to compete more effectively in the medium-range aircraft market with Airbus, which last October formed a strategic partnership with Canadian manufacturer Bombardier.
The Cranbrook Elite junior ‘B' lacrosse team faced their arch-rivals over the weekend and picked up a win and a loss. On Saturday night, the Elite beat the West Kootenay Timberwolves 9-5 before suffering a 9-6 setback the following afternoon.
While the Elite found themselves down 7-3 to start the third period on Sunday, they closed the gap but ultimately couldn't avoid their second loss of the season. After seven games, the team is 5-2 in the Rocky Mountain Lacrosse League Tier III, which now only features the Elite and the Timberwolves.
The Elite went 3-1 over the now folded Calgary Axemen T3 squad earlier this year and are now 2-1 against the Timberwolves. Coming up this weekend, Cranbrook has a pair of games against the Sylvan Lake Yettis of the RMLL Tier II South West Division.
The team is set to play five games against higher tier competition in June, before finishing off their season with another pair of games against West Kootenay at the end of the month.
Both games this weekend are being hosted by the Elite at Western Financial Place, with Saturday's game kicking off at 7:30 p.m. and Sunday's rematch taking place at 9:30 a.m.
SINGAPORE: Certificate of Entitlement (COE) premiums for small cars plunged to the lowest in more than eight years as prices fell across the board in the latest bidding exercise on Wednesday (Jul 4).
For Category A cars, or those 1,600cc and below with horsepower not exceeding 130bhp, premiums closed at S$25,000, down from S$34,110 in the last exercise.
Advertisement
It was the lowest since since Mar 10, 2010, when premiums were S$20,802.
Prices for larger and more powerful cars in Category B fell to S$31,000 from S$33,900.
Open category COEs, which can be used for any vehicle type but end up being used mainly for large cars, fell to S$31,001 from S$34,400.
Motorcycle premiums closed at S$6,514, down from S$6,889 in the last exercise.
Advertisement
Advertisement
COEs for commercial vehicles, which include goods vehicles and buses, fell to S$31,092 from S$32,001 in the previous bidding exercise.
A total of 5,580 bids were received, with a quota of 4,239 COEs available.
Derek Carr is officially listed as questionable, which doesn't rule him out from playing this week.
It was presumed that the Oakland Raiders quarterback would miss Sunday's tilt versus the Baltimore Ravens when coach Jack Del Rio said his quarterback was dealing with a transverse process fracture in his back, an injury that generally comes with a two-to-six-week recovery period.
NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported on Up To The Minute Live on Friday there is a small chance Carr could convince the team he can play.
"At this point it is looking very good chance for him to be back next week," Rapoport said. "[It's been] described to me as a chance to play this week. I know he wants to play very badly."
[Insert 'so you're telling me there's a chance' joke here.]
Carr was listed as limited in practice Thursday and Friday.
It would be a surprise if Carr plays with the back injury this week. However, the quarterback is going to argue his case to see the field after the Raiders lost back-to-back games.
More than likely we'll see EJ Manuel under center against the Ravens, but we've seen players push their way into a game with injuries in the past.
Muhammad Zafar Khan Safdar
The nation today is celebrating 70th Independence Day with due reverence and paying its tribute to the memory of the country's founder Quaid-i-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Pakistan owes its creation to the leadership and vision of that singular man of thought and action. By “Unity, Faith and Discipline”, he converted Muslim nation into a dynamic force which swept the sub-continent and altered the destinies of a human race by lying the foundation of the second biggest Muslim state, an achievement without parallel in the annals of civilization.
Whatever little time he had after independence, the Quaid tried hard to run the affairs of Pakistan, to pass on this commitment as his legacy to the leadership and citizens of the new nation. Mr. Jinnah was something more than Quaid-i-Azam, supreme head of the state, to the people who followed him: he was more than even the architect of the Islamic nation he personally called into being. He commanded their imagination as well as their confidence. In the face of difficulties which might have overwhelmed him, it was given to him to fulfill the hope foreshadowed in the inspired vision of the great Iqbal by creating for the Muslims of India a homeland where the old glory of Islam could grow afresh into a modern state, worthy of its place in community of nations. Unfortunately, we have betrayed that legacy time and again.
With his unusual powers of persuasion, luminous exposition, searching arguments, and sound judgment, the Quaid was able to win the battle for Pakistan. His ability for counter-argument was on display even at the formal ceremony on August 14, 1947. When Lord Mountbatten made a speech to the Constituent Assembly in which he offered the example of Akbar the Great as the model of a tolerant Muslim ruler to Pakistan. The Quaid, however, was equal to the task. In his reply to the speech, he immediately presented an alternative model; that of the Holy Prophet (SAW). “The tolerance and goodwill that the great emperor Akbar showed to all the non-Muslims is not of recent origin. It dates back thirteen centuries ago…,” Quaid thundered back.
It is easy to forget the unsettled and confused circumstances in which Pakistan was born, and to cavil at some of the decisions made when the Quaid was governor-general. But his personal incorruptibility and his belief in the supremacy of the will of the people were never in doubt. Throughout his career as a politician and as a legislator, his dedication to the rule of law and constitutionalism was unswerving. In the short span of seven decades, we have made a mockery of these values.
The present PML-N government insists that there is a lot to cheer about — the economic turn-around, the CPEC, Law and order situation for instance. Without attempting to belittle the government's successes on the economic front, we would like to see the larger picture and unfortunately there are reasons to be gloomy. What has not changed is the bleakness of the life of the ordinary people and the monotony of the political landscape. International monetary institutions have applauded the government's economic programmes and key figures in it, has so far generally been free from the taint of corruption that seems to have become one of the privileges of office in Pakistan. The government has been very keen to project a soft image for Pakistan, and there is no doubt that this country gets bad press abroad, often because the good here does not make news, while terrorism, honour killings and gang rapes regularly hit world headlines. It is also unclear whether the promise of a liberating spring in the air is going to endure, or it too will lead only to a dreary autumn, with hopes being swept away, in clouds of dust, like the fallen leaves on the streets. Has there been a genuine change of heart and direction? Many, including those who back us and applaud us from abroad, believe that the government is sincere in its commitment to return the country on track. A fundamental point as to who decides what is best for Pakistan? The military has for too long arrogated to itself this right, which belongs to the people and the electorate. Politicians, even those who were elected, had grossly distorted the political process, but if there had been no military interventions, from 1958 onwards, we too might have had the kind of democracy that falters in many key areas across the border but also delivers in many others. The recent disqualification and ouster of the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif from the office through Supreme Court of Pakistan in Panama case has also been viewed by many national and international newspapers and media organizations as ‘weakening of the democratic process' and underlined that it would have negative effects on Pakistan's future and economy.
It is not as if there has been no progress and development. No country ever wholly stagnates: we have progressed in many fields. We have become a nuclear power. Our economy has expanded. The cities of the Quaid's days have grown beyond belief, and glittering new palaces have come up everywhere. It would have been impossible to stand still for almost seven decades but the benefits of development have been unevenly spread, and mostly have accrued to the privileged classes. Most of all, there is a sense of general disorientation: we do not know where we are heading and what we want to make of our country. For years together we have functioned without the benefit of constitutional governance. In a protracted struggle between politicians and the military, both have suffered a loss of popular trust. The people have seen the two wrangled as economic and social problems have piled up. There has to be a future for Pakistan beyond all the skullduggery of the past and the present. This can be possible only if the basic right of the people to govern themselves is unreservedly and unequivocally recognized. Democracy is often confusing business, but it appears even more so in our circumstances because the structures that support it — the constitution, parliament, the judiciary — have been systematically weakened. If the generals are guilty of repeatedly blocking the political process, the politicians too are guilty for treating their own electorates with contempt and of flagrant abuse of office. There is no doubt that the Quaid wanted to see the country move ahead and prosper in all fields of life. “The first duty of the government is to maintain law and order… The second thing that occurs to me is… Bribery and corruption. That really is a poison” he said in his speech on 11 Aug 1947. And today, the poison Quaid has referred to has spread like cancer. That is the greatest dis-service one can do to the Father of the nation, and we, as a nation, do it every single day. Indeed, we have so weakened the Quaid's ideals that some people question whether they are any longer relevant as a frame of reference. But it would be a grievous mistake if we fell into the error of seeking to compromise further on his faith in democracy as the only course for Pakistan to follow. With our repeated deviations from universally accepted principles, we are often spoken of as an anachronism in today's world moving towards political and social emancipation.
Today a national consensus is needed, based on the precepts of our founding fathers and the experience of the past 70 years, on the direction in which we want to travel. We need to even overhaul the constitution if needed to empower the people of Pakistan and its federating units. Regrettably, provincial autonomy has fallen victim to political rhetoric even after the 18th constitutional amendment. How else can one explain the absence of a serious debate on the issue? In fact, even those shouting the loudest about provincial autonomy have failed to come up with a clause by clause analysis of the Basic Law and present a realistic scheme of division of power. Pakistan can move towards stability and consolidation if the constituent units are given a strong stake in its strength and vitality. This means not only economic development in backward provinces and regions but also a proper devolution of powers from the centre downwards. For the people at large, democracy essentially means a proper sense of participation at all levels of government, federal, provincial and local. There is neither freedom from want for millions living in urban slums and the less developed regions nor would freedom for the creative urges of the people to find expression that lend dynamism to the country.
It is no pleasure, year after year, to repeat a litany of failure. We must squarely confront the challenge of discovering our political direction and identity if we want the times to come to be more purposeful and productive. Do we want to be a democratic, disciplined, accommodating and legitimate country or do we want to turn ourselves into a society with a garrison mentality — unable to give people the freedom to exercise their choice freely and without restriction? This question needs to be asked today by as many of us as have not lost all confidence in the future of Pakistan as a vibrant and developed country.
(The Writer is Ph.D in Political Science, Civil Servant based in Islamabad. He can be reached at zafarkhansafdar@yahoo.com)
× Expand KatarzynaBialasiewicz Getty Images/iStockphoto 526686149 Close-ups of hand knocking on the door
GODFREY — In recent days, there have been more than a dozen reports of “slamming” in the Godfrey area.
After getting the word out into the community, Mayor Mike McCormick says it looks like the “shady sales tactics” of these particular door-to-door salespeople have dwindled away, at least for now.
Slamming refers to an incident where someone is asked for their personal information, such as their name, date of birth and Social Security number. Without their permission in this recent scenario, scammers switch their electrical service provider.
To help avoid being scammed, McCormick urges residents to “always ask to see their village of Godfrey permit from any salespeople that knock on their home's doors.” McCormick said the village requires a permit in addition to the solicitation permit required by Madison County. Violators will be subject to a misdemeanor citation.
McCormick said Godfrey and Madison County permits apply under any door-to-door sales, whether it involves electric rate alternatives, magazine subscriptions or driveway paving. Not only is it important for residents to understand there are requirements to have a permit to sell door-to-door within the village, there also are two permits the salesperson must produce for you to view, McCormick said.
He also advised residents that, if they have doubts about why the person is at their door, they should feel free to contact Village Hall or local law enforcement and share any concerns.
One Godfrey resident, who asked to remain anonymous to protect herself and her mother, a victim of these scammers, explained what her elderly mother experienced despite being cautious when answering any knock at the door.
She said a man who looked like he was in his early 20s knocked on the door of her mother's home on Feb. 11. He made himself seem like he was a fellow neighborhood resident concerned about electrical rates. He told her he was out gathering support among neighbors for a change from Ameren to Constellation Energy. He said she would receive a call from Constellation Energy that would outline benefits of switching service.
Not long afterward, the elderly resident's phone rang. It was someone claiming to be from Constellation Energy on the other end. But the call didn't result in her switching service.
The young man soon returned, this time accompanied by a young woman. He said he brought her because he sensed the woman did not trust his story. The couple were cordial, professional and persuasive. They managed to put the woman at ease, and she opened her door to them both. The couple said they would stay with her and help her complete another call with Constellation Energy. They also coached her to respond affirmatively to every question during the call.
Because of the repertoire at this point with a sense of trust between the couple and the woman, they were able to obtain her Social Security number and date of birth to use in place of the need for her Ameren account number, and at the end of the call, a switch of her service from Ameren to Constellation Energy had been completed. The elderly woman, who her daughter described as a cautious person, had fallen for their charismatic presentation.
The elderly Godfrey resident, after calls made by her son and her daughter, eventually was able to restore her account with Ameren and cancel the one deceptively set up with Constellation Energy.
One other note the daughter made about this ordeal was that her mother has a “no solicitors” sign clearly visible at her home's entrance.
“These are predatory practices being carried out, taking advantage of vulnerable people like my mother, a senior,” the Godfrey woman said. “There's not enough consumer protection in place.”
“It's nobody else's job to prevent things at the door — that's our problem,” she said. “But not citing these people when they're stopped on the street is a problem, for the Sheriff's Department and city officials.”
She noted these people had been reported being out on the streets on Thursday and Friday before they visited her mother on Saturday, with verbal warnings issued to them that they needed a village permit but without any form of citation.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Time and again, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has proven her love for the colour black. Over the years, the superstar has been spotted wearing the classic colour in every silhouette. We've seen her play with a pleated ebony Ashi Studio creation at Cannes, party in Mumbai donning a black Shahab Durazi sari, and attend both 2017's Vogue Beauty Awards, and Vogue Women of the Year Awards in dramatic, dark evening gowns. But Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's loyalty to black ensembles extends beyond red carpets. The star keeps coming back to basic black separates when it comes to her off-duty looks as well.
Just days after giving black a break at Akash Ambani and Shloka Mehta's engagement celebration (did you miss that burnt gold Manish Malhotra sari from the star-studded evening?), Aishwarya Rai Bachchan flew out of Mumbai in an outfit that was equal parts comfortable and sharp. The actor entered Mumbai's departures terminal in a simple black midi dress, topped off with a matching travel jacket. Keeping with her monochrome look, Rai Bachchan opted for a handy black tote and ebony sneakers. The blow-dried ombre red locks added a pop of colour to her all-black look.
Joining Aishwarya Rai Bachchan at the airport was daughter Aaradhya Bachchan. Unlike her mother, little Aaradhya played with pop pink for her flight out of the city, layering her flamingo-print tee with a velvet pink hoodie, matching hairband and comfortable jeans. If you're planning to take a holiday with your kids, a classic look like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's is the ideal pick for you.
By Robyn Collins
Miley Cyrus brought out a very special guest for her performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last night (Oct. 5) It was none other than her dad, Billy Ray Cyrus.
Related: Miley Cyrus Impersonates Dolly Parton
The daughter-dad pair teamed up for a cover of Tom Petty's “Wildflowers.” The fiddle and family harmonies gave the folk-rock tune more of a country feel. Dressed in a light pink feminine strapless dress, Miley sang with passion and sensitivity, leaving a lump in the throats of Petty's fans, who lost the legendary rocker October 2 after he suffered a heart attack.
Watch the performance below.
The fans inside the Stade Velodrome, the home of Olympique Marseille, witnessed something unique on 24 September. A Marseille fan Kamel Zaroual walked onto the pitch ahead of the kick-off against Toulouse.
Kamel wasn't a pitch invader but a special fan who was invited to take part in the kick-off was because he had cycled across France to raise money for a children's charity. For that, he pedalled 2000 km to watch his beloved club play Amiens. Like a hardcore fanboy, he did it all in a Marseille jersey.
Taking to the hallowed turf, Kamel was instructed by referee Benoit Millot to simply pass the ball back to one of his heroes, Dimitri Payet. However, Kamel had something else in mind.
Kamel ran through the Toulouse half of the field and calmly slotted home past 18-year-old Toulouse goalkeeper Alban Lafont before he celebrated with unadulterated emotion. The emotion, and how much it meant to him was clear as tears ran down his face, and a warm embrace with Marseille manager Rudi Garcia followed.
And to make things better, Marseille went on to win the game 2-0.
Laureus World Sports Awards have been in existence for the last 17 years, with the first Laureus Awards held in 2000. Other than the Laureus Best Sporting Moment, Laureus announces its awards in eight different categories, some of them being: Laureus World Sportsman of the Year, Laureus World Sportswoman of the Year, Laureus World Team of the Year.
To vote for your favourite video, visit myLaureus.com.
Cape Coral, Fort Myers Beach bridges closes for Independence Day events
The Cape Coral Bridge will be closed for the Red, White and Boom celebration from 3 a.m. Wednesday, July 4, through 3 a.m. Thursday, July 5.
Also, Cape Coral Parkway from Del Prado Boulevard to the bridge will be closed at that time.
Drivers are encouraged to use the Midpoint Memorial Bridge or the U.S. 41 and Business 41 bridges as alternate routes.
The Freedom 5K Race starts at 7 a.m., and the city celebration begins at 5 p.m. with music at the foot of the Cape Coral Bridge, followed by fireworks at 9:30 p.m.
For race information, contact the Chamber of Commerce of Cape Coral at 239-549-6900 ext. 111. For information about Red, White and Boom, call Cape Coral Parks and Recreation at 239-573-3128.
For more information about DOT, visit leegov.com/dot.
FORT MYERS BEACH
The Matanzas Pass bridge will also be closed from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. for a Fourth of July parade.
The free annual fireworks display from the fishing pier on Fort Myers Beach starts at 8:45 p.m. The Matanzas Pass Bridge will also be closed from 9:30 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. to oncoming traffic. More information here.
SANIBEL ISLAND
The July 4th Parade on Sanibel will close the parade route from 9 a.m. to approximately 11 a.m.
Periwinkle Way between Casa Ybel Road and Tarpon Bay Road
Tarpon Bay Road between West Gulf Drive and Periwinkle Way
Portions of Dunlop Road and Palm Ridge Road
The detour will be routed on Periwinkle Way at Donax Road, to East Gulf Drive, Middle Gulf Drive, West Gulf Drive and Rabbit Road.
SAN CARLOS PARK
The San Carlos Park parade will be held on July 4th at 8:30 a.m. and leave from the Sunshine Ace Hardware Plaza traveling up Sanibel Blvd., San Carlos Blvd., and Three Oaks Parkway.
When chief executives take a leave of absence, it's typically because they have a serious problem on their hands. So when Uber co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick announced Tuesday that he was going on indefinite leave, people took notice.
Kalanick's announcement came at a tumultuous time for Uber. Former U.S. Atty. Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. had just wrapped up a months-long investigation into allegations of systemic sexual harassment, discrimination and bullying at the company. Holder's firm, Covington & Burling, had made 47 recommendations on how Uber could address its toxic culture.
Kalanick's move signaled a shift in the company's too big-, too hot- and too-innovative-to-fail attitude. It was an admission that as CEO he had to bear some of the responsibility for the mess in which Uber now found itself.
But his leave of absence means a lot more, business and management experts said.
What does it mean for a CEO to go on leave?
When CEOs go on leave, it means that they're taking a break from their day-to-day duties and that others will step in to perform their roles. It's different from taking a vacation because it signals that the executive, for whatever reason, is unable to effectively do his or her job at that point in time.
One of the more common reasons for executives taking a leave of absence is health issues, said David Mayer, a professor at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business.
Steve Jobs, for example, took multiple leaves of absence from Apple when he was receiving cancer treatment. Patrick Byrne, chief executive of Overstock.com, went on indefinite leave last year because of hepatitis C complications. He returned three months later.
“Another reason a CEO might go on leave is because there are performances or ethical issues,” Mayer said.
David Baazov, who was chief executive of online gambling company Amaya, took an indefinite leave of absence in March 2016 after he was accused of insider trading. He resigned from the company five months later.
Kalanick has not given a timeline for when he expects to be back.
Why would a board of directors puts an executive on leave instead of just firing him or her?
Putting an executive on leave doesn't necessarily mean that a board of directors has lost faith in that person, said Micah Alpern, an organizational and leadership expert at A.T. Kearney.
“It could be that there are things going on in their personal life, that they're distracted and are not able to manage right now,” Alpern said. “It doesn't signify that they don't think they're the right person to run the company in the long term.”
In Kalanick's case, he cited his mother's recent death in a boating accident as the reason for wanting to take time off.
One possible reason for putting Kalanick on ice instead of firing him is that Kalanick and his allies on the board — Garrett Camp, Uber's co-founder, and Ryan Graves, senior vice president of operations — reportedly have disproportionate voting rights that would make it difficult for other board members to oust him.
But even if the board could fire Kalanick, Silicon Valley has shown a reluctance to get rid of founders who are perceived to be the secret sauce to a company's success.
“Travis explained his vision to me of a future where no one owned a car, there was no need for parking lots, less congestion, fewer accidents, fewer DUIs,” said Bradley Tusk, founder of Tusk Strategies, who has worked with Kalanick and Uber in the past, but is not a member of the company's board. “That was back in 2011. It's just as cogent and accurate of a vision today as it was then. Not having him driving the vision would be a mistake.”
This Oct. 20, 2015, photo shows Uber co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick at the WSJD Live technology conference in Laguna Beach. (Glenn Chapman / AFP/Getty Images)
What are the benefits to putting the CEO on leave?
First, it's good symbolism, according to Alpern, who said it sends a strong message to employees and the public that the company is serious about changing.
But it's also an opportunity for the executive to reflect, to undergo leadership training and for the company to implement changes without the distraction of a beleaguered CEO.
“The CEO is typically the leader that the culture of an organization is anchored around,” said Gary Mangiofico of the Pepperdine Graziadio School of Business and Management. “So if they want to see a culture shift in the organization, they have to dislodge that anchor, if you will, in order for people to even believe there's a possibility things will change.”
Are there any downsides?
In Uber's case, not having a second in command step up to fill Kalanick's shoes while he is away could create uncertainty at the company, Mangiofico said.
The firm is currently without a chief operating officer, a chief marketing officer, a chief financial officer, a head of engineering or general counsel. Kalanick's duties will, instead, be spread among the 14 people who report directly to him.
“Without a central leadership figure, the vision of a company can start to become fuzzy,” Mangiofico said. “And if that happens, the strategy potentially begins to break down.”
The indefinite nature of Kalanick's leave of absence could also hurt morale, Alpern said.
“An employee is sitting there thinking, I can focus on my job, but they're also going to think about what's going to happen to our role or our policies? What will it be like to work here?”
So what happens when Kalanick comes back?
In Holder's report, the top recommendation was for the company to review and reallocate some of Kalanick's responsibilities. This could mean that he returns as a CEO who gets support from a newly hired COO. It could mean that he is moved into another role entirely.
Based on Kalanick's talk about taking time off to reflect and work on himself, the expectation of investors and other stakeholders is likely to be that if he returns, he will do so as a changed man.
“There's going to be a lot of skepticism around it,” Mayer said. “Employees and stakeholders will have their antennas up.”
The company and its board will have to figure out a way to measure that change and to hold Kalanick accountable. Otherwise the Holder report and Kalanick's leave of absence will just be lip service, business and management experts said.
“Culture matters a lot, and over time it has a significant impact not just on the people but on the bottom line,” said Jim Barnett, co-founder of human resources platform Glint. “Companies that fail to create inclusive environments where people feel a sense of belonging will struggle to succeed in the new work world.”
Support our journalism Please consider subscribing today to support stories like this one. Already a subscriber? Your support makes our work possible. Thank you. Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks.
tracey.lien@latimes.com
Twitter: @traceylien
CLOSE Here are mugshots received from Central Louisiana law enforcement agencies for the week of Nov. 27, 2017. A criminal charge is a formal accusation that someone has committed a crime. All those pictured are innocent until proven guilty. To view those held in Rapides Parish detention facilities, go to www.rpso.org/inmates/all. Wochit
Barbara Ann Edwards (Photo: Courtesy/Grant Parish Sheriff's Office)
An Alexandria woman dropped a bag in a Grant Parish business, and a sheriff's deputy was able to find her.
Unfortunately for the woman, it was a bag of meth, according to a release.
Deputy Jace Sauce responded to a call from the unidentified business that someone had dropped a "bag of drugs," according to the release.
When Sauce traced the alleged owner, 57-year-old Barbara Ann Edwards of the 4500 block of South MacArthur Drive, he arrested and charged her with possession of crystal meth.
Read or Share this story: http://www.thetowntalk.com/story/news/2017/12/11/alexandria-woman-charged-after-bag-meth-dropped/940559001/
The targeted shooting of Republican lawmakers at play yielded a kaleidoscope of emotions Wednesday — anger, revulsion, horror — but little in the way of surprise.
The attack almost seemed a natural, if sick, extension of the virulence that surrounds the country's increasingly tribal politics.
As if to prove it, events quickly settled into a familiar pattern: finger-pointing, blame-laying, partisan positioning. People today don't just disagree. They've grown to hate the other side, from President Trump on down.
Not necessarily over issues or ideology, which can be debated or leavened by compromise. But rather as an outgrowth of a deeper pathology, a contempt toward people for merely existing.
“It's hard to suggest it's an ideological conflict,” as if, say, the abortion issue has suddenly grown more heated, said Marc Hetherington, a political science professor at Vanderbilt University. “What it's all about is bad feelings.”
He cited studies showing Republicans say they hate Democrats more than they hate atheists, and Democrats hate Republicans more than they despise religious fundamentalists.
Both sides, he said, hate the other more than they hate “illegal immigrants,” the inflammatory phrase used to gauge respective animosities.
The overwhelming majority of people, of course, don't take up weapons to vent their anger as did gunman James T. Hodgkinson, a supporter of independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and a fierce Trump critic.
In the aftermath of Wednesday's brutality there were many instances of grace, not least from those most directly affected.
“We don't shed our humanity when we enter this chamber,” House Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin said in a moving oration on the House floor. “For all the noise and fury, we are one family.”
San Francisco's Nancy Pelosi, the leader of House Democrats, responded, “On days like today, there are no Democrats or Republicans, only Americans united in our hopes and prayers for the wounded.”
We don't shed our humanity when we enter this chamber. For all the noise and fury, we are one family. — House Speaker Paul D. Ryan
The coming-together recalled a similarly transcendent moment after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, when members of Congress, Democrat and Republican, ventured to the steps of the Capitol and side by side delivered a spontaneous rendering of “God Bless America.”
But that brief harmony proved a mere pause as the country descended into an even deeper slough of animosity and political loathing.
Similarly, the high-flown words of party leaders were quickly and loudly drowned out Wednesday by partisans grasping for tactical advantage.
Among them was the president's son, Donald Trump Jr., who used Twitter to link the shootings to a controversial New York production of “Julius Caesar,” in which a presidential doppelganger is murdered onstage.
“Events like today are EXACTLY why we took issue with NY elites glorifying the assassination of our President,” commentator Harlan Hill wrote in a Tweet the younger Trump amplified by sharing with 1.7 million Twitter followers.
“The Left in this country is ushering in a new #CultureofViolence where violent hate is the new normal,” tweeted Bill Mitchell, a pro-Trump radio host. “#DomesticTerrorists,” he added.
On the Democratic side, some more virulent partisans openly celebrated the critical wounding of Rep. Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House leadership, or summoned eye-for-an-eye memories of the hatred directed at President Obama and his supporters. (A number of Democratic lawmakers reported receiving death threats immediately after the attack.)
The junior Trump's tweet drew a string of angry rejoinders:
“Did you have a problem when [candidate Trump] said ‘I could shoot someone on Fifth Ave. and my approval would go up'?”
“Or when Trump advocated violence at rallies to show people a lesson? Lol”
“Trump is a major contributor [to] the type of violence that led to this in the first place.”
The president, for his part, responded with a call for national unity, a show of equanimity in notable contrast to his stance during the campaign, when he sometimes encouraged violence and, at one point, seemed to invite opponents to take up arms against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.
While many were quick to blame Trump for Wednesday's violence — just as they implicated him after a Republican congressional candidate body-slammed a reporter for asking about healthcare — it's not as though he overnight transformed a nation bathed in love and light.
“It's been building and building,” said Hetherington, who has written extensively on the country's polarization.
He cited the pugnacious Newt Gingrich, who in 1994 broke a 40-year Democratic stranglehold on the House by shattering the ordered rules of engagement and urging acolytes to tar their opponents with words like “corrupt,” “pathetic” and “traitor.” (On Thursday, the former House speaker tweeted a link to Ryan's speech and the quote “an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.”)
The contagion spread well behind the Capitol in the aftermath of the fiercely disputed 2000 presidential campaign, which ended in an effective tie broken by a partisan 5-4 Supreme Court decision. It deepened with the antagonism directed at President George W. Bush and, as though to outdo the hostility, the contempt aimed at his successor, President Obama.
David Axelrod, who helped steer Obama to the White House, said Trump must shoulder some blame for the country's growing chasm. Ultimately, though, he said it was the voters who must take responsibility.
This week you can set your imagination free with Disney's super-spectacular live-action adaptation of the animated classic Beauty and the Beast.
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS & VIDEO - This week you can set your imagination free with Disney's super-spectacular live-action adaptation of the animated classic Beauty and the Beast.
The live-action adaptation of Disney's animated classic is a stunning, cinematic event celebrating one of the most enduring and beloved tales ever told, and one that has touched readers for centuries.
Now, thanks to the artistry and imagination of director Bill Condon and a brilliant creative team, audiences of all ages are sure to be captivated by the story's adventure, passion and romance once again.
It is the fantastic journey of Belle, a bright, beautiful, and independent young woman who is taken prisoner by a beast in his castle. Despite her fears, she befriends the castle's enchanted staff and learns to look beyond the Beast's hideous exterior and realise the kind heart of the true prince within.
The film stars: Emma Watson as Belle; Dan Stevens as the Beast; Luke Evans as Gaston, the handsome, but shallow villager who woos Belle; Kevin Kline as Maurice, Belle's father; Josh Gad as LeFou, Gaston's long-suffering aide-de-camp; Ewan McGregor as Lumière, the candelabra; Stanley Tucci as Maestro Cadenza, the harpsichord; Audra McDonald as Madame de Garderobe, the wardrobe; Gugu Mbatha-Raw as Plumette, the feather duster; Hattie Morahan as the enchantress; and Nathan Mack as Chip, the teacup; with Ian McKellen as Cogsworth, the mantel clock; and Emma Thompson as the teapot, Mrs. Potts.
Alan Menken, who won two Academy Awards (Best Original Score and Best Song) for the animated film, provides the score, which includes new recordings of the original songs written by Menken and Howard Ashman, as well as three new songs written by Menken and Tim Rice.
According to Condon, “The delightful animated film from 1991 plays as classic animation, but if you want to go a level deeper into the story and into the songs and into the emotions, that's what this live-action film delivers: a greater depth of emotions.”
Watch the Beauty and the Beast trailer below:
Colon cancer signs can include persistent cramps and changes in bowel habits, along with bloody stools.
Photo: champja, Getty Images/iStockphoto
Most people should start screening tests for colon and rectal cancers at age 45, rather than waiting for age 50, as long recommended, the American Cancer Society said Wednesday.
The group said that the initial test does not have to be a colonoscopy, a procedure that typically requires a day off from work and an often-unpleasant bowel cleansing routine. Instead, it could be one of several other tests, including home stool tests available by prescription.
Other expert groups still recommend starting at age 50. That's the stance of the influential U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, which last reviewed the issue in 2016.
But the shift by the cancer society is based on new information about the rise in colon and rectal cancer among younger adults, said Andrew Wolf, an associate professor of medicine at the University of Virginia. He led the group writing the new recommendations.
Colon and rectal cancers have increased 51% among adults under age 50 since 1994, the cancer society said.
“We don't know why it's going on,” Wolf said, noting that suspects include obesity and poor diet. “But it's increasingly clear that it is happening.”
OBESITY: Linked to 12 types of cancer
DIET: Bacon, alcohol linked to colon and other cancers
Meanwhile, cases and deaths have fallen in older adults, at least partly due to screening, which can lead to the detection and removal of polyps before they become cancerous.
Most of the nation's 140,000 annual cases and 50,000 deaths from colon and rectal cancer still occur among people over age 55. But the share of cases involving younger adults has risen to 29% for rectal cancer and 17% for colon cancer, a recent study showed.
While few trials have looked at screening 45-year-olds, new statistical models reviewed by the cancer society showed that the younger group should benefit nearly as much as slightly older adults do, Wolf said. But because the evidence is not as strong, the society said its recommendation for screening at 45 was “qualified.”
That means that “we hope that doctors will look at this and at least start discussions of colorectal cancer screening with their 45-year-old patients,” Wolf said.
It could be a complicated discussion. Not only do major groups now differ on starting ages, they also differ on how strongly they recommend various tests.
A group representing three professional societies of gastroenterologists said in 2017 that African Americans should start screening at 45, because they are at increased risk, but that others should wait until age 50. It also said the best tests are colonoscopies every 10 years or a test called FIT (fecal immunochemical testing) to check for blood in the stool every year.
The group gave lower rankings to other screening strategies, including CT scans every five years or a stool test that checks for both blood and DNA changes every three years.
By contrast, the cancer society said the tests are equally acceptable – though worrisome results on any test other than a colonoscopy need to be followed up with a colonoscopy.
“We do know that a lot of folks have distinct preferences when offered a choice,” Wolf said. “The best colorectal screening test is the one that gets done.”
While the overall costs and benefits of earlier screening remain unclear, the message that screening is important and can come in many forms is crucial, said David Weinberg, chairman of medicine at Fox Chase Cancer Center, Philadelphia.
“The bottom line is that if you regularly participate in colon cancer screening, you have a reduced risk of getting and dying from colon cancer,” said Weinberg, who was not involved in the cancer society guidelines.
The qualified endorsement of screening at age 45 is reasonable and “will lead to a lot of discussion and investigation,” said Douglas Rex, a professor of medicine at Indiana University. He was lead author on the differing recommendations from the gastroenterology groups.
What happens now will be partly up to insurers. Some will not cover testing in younger patients right away, Wolf said. And some will cover stool testing, but refuse to cover follow-up colonoscopies for those with abnormal results, he said.
The out-of-pocket cost for a colonoscopy can range from a few hundred dollars to several thousand dollars. A DNA stool test can cost several hundred dollars, but a yearly stool test for blood alone can cost as little as $20, Rex said.
FDA: Plenvu approval could make colonoscopy prep easier
Colonoscopy also carries risks, including bowel perforation and complications from anesthesia. The risks rise with age. That's one reason the cancer society and preventive services task force recommend screening be considered on a case by case basis after age 75 and stopped after age 85.
The new recommendations apply to people at average risk for colon and rectal cancer. Those at higher risk, because of their personal or family history, may be urged to get screening earlier or more often.
PERSONAL: Rebuilding a life after colon cancer battle
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Allan Holdsworth, known as a guitarist's guitarist for his progressive rock and jazz fusion work with bands including Soft Machine, Gong, and U.K., died on Sunday, according to a Facebook post from his daughter Louise. He was 70.
Born in Bradford, England, Holdsworth had lived in Southern California for several decades. His complex guitar work was cited as an influence by musicians such as Eddie Van Halen and Robben Ford.
Holdsworth started out playing with rock and jazz fusion bands in the early '70s and then joined up with acts from the Canterbury progressive scene, including Soft Machine and Pierre Moerlen's Gong. He played with bassist Stanley Clarke, King Crimson drummer Bill Bruford's solo act, and with violinist Jean-Luc Ponty's band, and was then recruited to join progressive supergroup U.K. with Bruford, violinist Eddie Jobson, and bassist John Wetton. But he objected to the organized structures of a major touring band and left the group after its first self-titled album in 1978.
From the 1980s onward, Holdsworth released much jazz fusion solo albums with collaborators including Gordon Beck and Mark Varney, and continued to tour. “Road Games,” from 1983, received a Grammy nomination for best rock instrumental performance.
An early proponent of the guitar synthesizer, he endorsed instruments for the SynthAxe company in the 1980s. Reverb magazine described Holdworth's music as, “This was quantum jazz fusion with a Fripp-esque legato style and truly otherworldly tones.”
Musicians including Joe Satriani mourned Holdsworth on Twitter.
NEW YORK: A slide in technology stocks pulled down the Nasdaq Composite on Wednesday and the S&P 500 ended slightly lower, as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after weaker-than-expected inflation numbers and an interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve.
The Nasdaq cut its loss in more than half in a late rebound, having earlier fallen 1 percent, while financials buoyed the Dow industrials.
The U.S. central bank cited continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, proceeding with its first tightening cycle in more than a decade.
But some investors worried about the Fed's hawkish tone and that concerns about rate hikes were being reflected in the tech sector, which has led the S&P 500's nearly 9-percent rally this year.
The tech sector fell 0.5 percent, recovering from steeper losses in the session and coming on the heels of its biggest two-day swoon in nearly a year. Tech remains up 18 percent in 2017.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I think it's more of what we saw starting last week, where you have a very crowded trade ... If they are going to get more nervous about the stock market, that's where you are going to see the selling," said William Delwiche, Investment Strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Milwaukee.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 46.09 points, or 0.22 percent, to 21,374.56, the S&P 500 lost 2.43 points, or 0.10 percent, to 2,437.92 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 25.48 points, or 0.41 percent, to 6,194.89.
Earlier on Wednesday, data showed U.S. consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May and retail sales recorded their biggest drop in 16 months.
"The kiss of death for tech stocks is negative GDP or a slowdown in the software and equipment component," said Daniel Morgan, portfolio manager at Synovus Trust in Atlanta. "Hence, the tech sector is selling off on concerns that today's Fed hike will slow GDP, retarding future tech profit growth."
Financials, which have underperformed this year and tend to benefit in a rising rate environment, rallied late to close up 0.2 percent. The group had fallen as much as 1.3 percent during the session.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
The energy sector dropped 1.8 percent as oil prices weakened. U.S. data showed an unexpectedly large weekly build in U.S. gasoline inventories and International Energy Agency (IEA) data projected a big increase in non-OPEC output in 2018.
The Dow Jones Transport Average index, seen by some as a barometer of economic activity, ended down 0.7 percent.
The Fed clearly outlined a plan to reduce its US$4.2-trillion portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, most of which were purchased in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession.
"The market should take confidence in the fact that they're being very transparent in setting clear policy steps in terms of how they normalize the balance sheet," said Heidi Learner, chief economist for Savills Studley, a unit of Savills Plc, in New York. "Certainly more transparency is a good thing."
In corporate news, Alexion shares jumped 9.3 percent and were the biggest percentage gainers on the S&P 500 after the biotechnology company named Biogen's chief financial officer as its CFO. Biogen's stock fell 3.1 percent.
H & R Block rose 7.9 percent after the tax preparation service's quarterly revenue and profit beat analysts' expectations.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.13-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.41-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
About 7.1 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos and Herb Lash in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Jeffrey Benkoe)
Four years ago, Robert L'Hirondelle was at a pivotal point in his life when an iconic song struck a chord with him, turning his world around.
“I moved out when I was 16, but everything started to spiral out of control at the age of 20,” L'Hirondelle said.
He was sitting in a coffee shop downtown after breaking his probation for a third time. He was homeless and had been caught drinking in the Stanley Milner Library.
“I heard ‘Man in the Mirror' playing overhead on the radio and it was just right at that line when Michael's like, ‘Take a look at yourself and make a change.' That one line just clicked within me,” he said.
The change was nearly instantaneous.
“After I finished my coffee I went to the bathroom and physically took a look at the man in the mirror and I just did not like what I saw,” L'Hirondelle said. “It was a beaten down, rugged young man who should be exploring life's many wonders and opportunities, but here I am choosing this high risk lifestyle of drinking and living on the street and putting my own personal health at risk.”
He went to the Hope Mission and asked for help turning his life around. There, he found out his caseworker also liked Michael Jackson, and they bonded over his music.
Not long after, he saw a poster advertising a Christmas talent show for a program he was involved in. It was in two weeks, but that didn't deter L'Hirondelle.
Can you tell Robert L'Hirondelle likes @michaeljackson? Has his signature as a tattoo, and bedazzled that glove himself. #yeg pic.twitter.com/dFeQwOn7yu — Sarah Kraus (@SarahNKraus) December 11, 2017
“We go to Value Village and I buy a black dress shirt that looks like of like a blazer, and then we go to Dollarama and we buy all their black and white rhinestones.”
He dove in headfirst, bedazzling his own costume and memorizing Jackson's moves off YouTube videos in the confines of his small room at the Hope Mission. The practice paid off.
While getting help at @HopeMission L'Hirondelle saw a poster for a Christmas talent show, and signed up to perform as @michaeljackson – it changed his life. #yeg pic.twitter.com/AsEMGd8pxv — Sarah Kraus (@SarahNKraus) December 11, 2017
“It went off without a hitch,” he said. “I just got hooked right after.”
Since then, he hasn't stopped. He's performed more than 100 shows across the prairies. Being Metis, he takes pride in performing for First Nations groups.
“To get a chance to go visit other communities that may not be able to get the opportunity to see a Michael Jackson impersonator show means the world to them, and it still does. I still get messages saying, ‘Hey are you going to come back to Fox Lake?'”
L'Hirondelle said it's been humbling and rewarding work.
L'Hirondelle overcame Leukemia three times as a child and had two stem cell transplants. It severely damaged his lungs. And his health took a turn for the worse a few weeks ago.
He was scheduled to perform in front of 1,500 people at the PCL Christmas party at the Shaw Conference Centre, and he wasn't going to disappoint.
“You could feel the throbbing pain in your right lung from the collapse, and then having pneumonia in your left lung, but you're trying your hardest,” he said.
L'Hirondelle says the @michaeljackson lyric 'take a look at yourself and make a change' inspired him to turn his life around. He sought help at @HopeMission #yeg pic.twitter.com/aYRH3quWac — Sarah Kraus (@SarahNKraus) December 11, 2017
To him, it was like performing in Las Vegas.
“Just make it special for them and create memories for them and have them say, ‘Wow, I met a guy here in Edmonton that dances and sounds just like Michael Jackson, and it was the coolest thing ever!'”
As a child, L'Hirondelle was diagnosed with leukemia three times, at ages two, seven and 13.
In the end, he needed two stem cell transplants to beat the cancer, but it severely damaged his lungs.
Ten years after his cancer went into remission, he was forced to make a choice.
“To keep going, and be selfish, and put my body on the line, just for one more show, or do I start taking care of things that are important? Like my health.”
He chose his health, and hung up his costumes. He hopes to be healthy enough to perform again one day.
L'Hirondelle battled leukemia three times as a child, moved out at 16, started abusing alcohol and ended up living on the streets – until he heard 'Man in the Mirror' #yeg pic.twitter.com/9qtcEF64sW — Sarah Kraus (@SarahNKraus) December 11, 2017
“In a heartbeat, I'd be back.”
On Wednesday, he has a pivotal appointment with his lung doctor, to determine what his future will look like.
But at 24, he now likes the man he sees in the mirror, and credits Michael Jackson with giving him a fourth shot at life.
“He helped me learn how to be grateful for opportunities, be humble, to give back, to make the world a better place in any way you possibly can.”
Everyone talks about human evolution like it's no big deal but to see it unravel within you is a completely beautiful and different process altogether.
We sat down with Arushi Singhi, a Visual Communications student from ISDI Parsons, Mumbai and were riveted by the tales she told of how she conquered her fear of public speaking and landed a spectacular internship at Indian International Model United Nations.
For those of you unaware, IIMUN is the biggest educational organization in India and the world that equips students to deal with the current and past affairs in the most pragmatic way possible. IIMUN has conducted about 108 conferences around the globe with 3200 committees being stimulated there.
Our star for the evening, Arushi is not only interning here but was also blessed with the opportunity of being a Director General in a MUN conference held in Palace School, Jaipur in November recently.
What is the best and most challenging part of this internship?
The simple fact that I am doing this internship is the best part in itself. However, inviting celebrities to our conferences is a new and fun experience, too. Also, I look forward to the chance of interacting with various people during the three days of the conference. And after the conference has ended, the nostalgia that hits you is both precious and bittersweet.
The most challenging part is when we have to invite schools to attend our conferences. Since some schools have a strict rule of attending only 3 MUN's annually or they have prior commitments, it becomes extremely difficult to gather adequate delegations at times.
What makes you want to go to the office everyday?
The people around me make my internship what it is. They are so helpful and inspiring and are only a call away when I need any kind of guidance.
“I have always had the propensity to organize events. Any responsibility that I take, I make sure that I do justice to it and that it is executed perfectly and smoothly. “
So, what does the IIMUN office look like from the inside? Is it as vibrant and novel as ours?
(I provided a vivid description of the JWB office and believe me, Arushi was very excited to come visit)
Well, we have cubicles. But the cherry on the cake is that we have a gaming room as well. To top it off, we have placards on each person's table and these placards show an adjective that suits that person. For example, Mr. Bollywood. I, for that matter, do not have one yet since I am new and my cubicle is spotless and devoid of any playful title as of now.
“I am in college till 2:00 PM. And after that, I rush to the office and work until 6 or 7 in the evening. But it is my passion of organizing events that overrule the stress and exhaustion that both places induce. “
If you could relive one MUN experience, which one would it be and why?
IIMUN'16- Jaipur edition. It is very close to my heart since this is the first conference I organized on my own. Last year, I was aided by one of my talented seniors, Meher Salam. This one, however, is special because I regulated everything from the start to the end.
I was the Head of Journalism of International Press Committee in this very conference. Therefore, I conclude that a part of why it was Arushi's favorite conference is because of me. *chuckles*
Awesome! What were the challenges you faced in organizing this conference?
I had my exam right after the conference ended! And two days before the conference, I had two delegations backing out. That situation put me in a pickle. And, I strongly believe that even if you are a figure of authority and if you find yourself in a tricky situation, seek help. I did, too. I called Shubham Ramachandani, the Secretary General for this conference to take advice on many occasions. Although, most of the time, I did manage things on my own and that is what made it all the more special.
How did the idea of eliminating the Motion of Entertainment come about?
(Entertainment sessions are carefree breaks between the discussions in the committees that allow delegates and the Executive Board to relax, laugh and engage in various recreational activities. This lasts for a very short time, though)
We scrapped the idea of an Entertainment session because, at times, delegates get very offended by jokes made to only entertain. Plus, it's only two days of the conference since the first day is spent in commencing the event and having the opening ceremony. Hence, to save time and give priority to crafting a well-thought-out resolution, we had to let the Entertainment session go.
“We have target meetings every week. We are given a target by our seniors, and we have to complete it within the span of a week.”
If you could be one person for the rest of your life, who would it be and why?
Rishabh Shah, Founder and President of IIMUN! I really look up to him. It is because I know that at the end of the day, he will come up with a solution to a pressing problem. He also maintains an immaculate balance between being my strict senior and a helpful friend. Also, he is socializing and regulating IIMUN at the same time! He is everywhere, and I am in awe of how he does it all!
What is something that you feel passionately for and could hold lengthy discussions about?
Demonetization. Why is the public viewing it so negatively? At the end of the day, I have faith that something beneficial will come out of it. If there is another topic that I feel passionately for, it is women's rights. It has been discussed intensely in MUNs but not enough, I feel.
“I like labeling myself as a feminist sometimes. Not all the time because some people literally lunge for your throat when you call yourself one. “
Any tips for speaking confidently in public that come exclusively from your experience?
I have always been a shy kid. I was not very vocal and would possibly run for the hills if asked to say something in front of my whole class. But IIMUN rectified this fear for me. Rishabh and Hardik Jain (Deputy President of IIMUN) have always propelled me forward and motivated me to the point that I left my fear behind and spoke eloquently.
“I remember my first MUN. I was teary eyed. I had no clue of what people were saying. But I think that it is the same with almost everyone, right? MUNs are meant to challenge you, force you out of your comfort zone and help you succeed in some way or the other.”
Why should someone participate in a MUN conference?
For starters, it helps you improve your general knowledge. It is beneficial not only for your college application but also in making you a brave person and an informed speaker. You may be shy and reluctant at first, but please know that MUNs offer many opportunities for you to become more motivated and aware in life.
Scenario Time!- As a Director General, you walk in a committee and observe that delegates are overly competitive with each other, how would you down this vibe and remind them that MUNs are not just about winning awards?
I would tell them to calm down and give others a chance to speak and establish their country's stance as well. You thrive in competitive environments, I agree. But don't suppress others with your arrogance or abundance of knowledge. In fact, at IIMUN, we make sure that we only appoint the kind of intellectual and mature Executive Board that already knows that EVERYONE should be given a chance to speak.
What surprises is IIMUN bringing in 2017?
In 2016, we traversed the globe by hosting conferences in New York, Japan, and Sri Lanka. And, we are hosting a conference in Dubai in 2017! We have a lot in store. You must wait and find out!
“As the generation of tomorrow, we have to be bold and come out and say what we want to say. Earlier, I would also never speak my mind, but that has changed.”
What do you have to say about the International Press Committee in MUNs?
It's one of my favorite committees, and it helps to highlight what is happening in other committees as well. A newsletter is very instrumental to a MUN conference as the delegates have a chance of knowing what happens in places they cannot be physically present in!
Arushi is filled to the brim with her work and passion. At times, she may be overcome by the intensity of it all, but she manages to not be swayed by the waves and hold on! We wish her all the best and I can say with pride that she has been the best Director General I have had the chance to work with!
Photo Courtesy: Aparna Natha
SAN FRANCISCO: Netflix subscriber growth missed its mark in the first quarter of this year, unsettling investors despite strong earnings figures released on Monday (Apr 17).
The US-based on-demand television service reported a net increase of 4.95 million subscribers, most of those overseas where it has been investing in becoming a global entertainment network.
In comparison, Netflix gained 7.05 million subscribers in the prior quarter, raising expectations in the market.
"We have come to see these quarterly variances as mostly noise in the long-term growth trend and adoption of internet TV," Netflix said in a letter released along with the earnings figures.
The company expected it would add about 8.15 million subscribers overall during the first half of this year as compared with 8.42 million in the same period in 2016.
Netflix shares fluctuated in after-market trades that followed release of the quarterly earnings figures, remaining near the closing price of US$147.25 which showed a gain for the day.
Netflix reported profit of US$178 million on revenue of US$2.64 billion in the first three months of this year as compared with net income of US$28 million on revenue of US$1.96 billion in the same period a year earlier.
The company described the opportunity for its service as "gigantic" and said it planned to continue investing in films and shows tailored to win fans in countries around the world.
"With a growing member base spread across the world, we seek to please diverse tastes with a wide breadth of content," Netflix said.
Netflix planned to spend a billion dollars this year on marketing aimed at attracting members.
The Coachella music festival kicked off in Indio, California this week, with iconic pop star Lady Gaga delivering a headlining performance on Saturday night. The pop star will remain at the festival throughout this week, with the singer filming scenes for a remake of A Star Is Born alongside her co-star Bradley Cooper, who makes his directorial debut on the project. Production has started today on the remake, and if you're at Coachella this week, you can be a part of the action as an extra, while helping to support a worthy cause. Warner Bros. has also released the first official photo from A Star Is Born, featuring both Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga.
Warner Bros. revealed on Twitter that fans can sign up to be an extra at AEG Festival Ticketing, with tickets costing $10. All proceeds will go directly to Lady Gaga's Born This Way Foundation, with the Coachella shoot happening on Tuesday, April 18 and Wednesday, April 19 at the Empire Polo Club (81800 Avenue 51, Indio, CA 92201) with gates opening at 11 AM each day. The film marks Lady Gaga's first major film role, although she did have a brief cameo in Sin City: A Dame to Kill For and appeared as herself in Muppets Most Wanted. Here's a description of the shoot from the ticketing website.
"We are happy to have you join us for A Star is Born! Be in the audience as Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga films scenes on the actual Coachella stages. Help cheer and applaud their performances on camera. The scenes for these days will portray a Country Western music concert. All you Monsters that can attend should get decked out in your most comfortable denim & boots, throw on a Stetson (leave those pink Joanne hats at home) and come out to show your support! Tickets are just $10, with all proceeds going directly to the Born This Way Foundation. Maximum 8 Tickets per person, and you must be 18 or older to attend. Cell Phones will be locked in a Yondr Pouch so it will always be with you, but you won't be able to record photos or sound."
Filming begins today on Warner Bros. Pictures' reimagining of the musical A Star is Born, starring Bradley Cooper and introducing Stefani Germanotta, known across the globe as Oscar-nominated music superstar Lady Gaga, in her first leading role in a major motion picture. Four-time Oscar nominee Bradley Cooper (American Sniper, American Hustle, Silver Linings Playbook) is helming the film, marking his directorial debut. Cooper plays Jackson Maine, a country music star who is on the brink of decline when he discovers a talented unknown named Ally (Germanotta). As the two begin a passionate love affair, Jack coaxes Ally into the spotlight, catapulting her to stardom. But as Ally's career quickly eclipses his own, Jack finds it increasingly hard to handle his fading glory.
In addition to playing Ally, Germanotta, who earned her Oscar nod for the song "Til It Happens to You" from "The Hunting Ground," has composed and will perform original songs in the film. The main cast also includes Andrew Dice Clay and Sam Elliott. A Star is Born is being produced by Bill Gerber, Jon Peters, Bradley Cooper, Todd Phillips and Lynette Howell Taylor; with Basil Iwanyk and Ravi Mehta serving as executive producers. The screenplay is by Will Fetters & Bradley Cooper and Eric Roth, based on a story by William A. Wellman and Robert Carson. The film was in development for many years, with stars such as Christian Bale, Beyonce, Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise once being eyed for the project at various points in development.
Collaborating with Cooper behind the scenes are Oscar-nominated director of photography Matty Libatique (Black Swan), production designer Karen Murphy, three-time Oscar-nominated editor Jay Cassidy (American Hustle, Silver Linings Playbook, Into the Wild), and costume designer Erin Benach. A Star Is Born is being filmed entirely in Southern California. Warner Bros. Pictures presents A Jon Peters Production, A Bill Gerber Production, A Joint Effort Production, A Star Is Born. Slated for release on September 28, 2018, the film will be distributed worldwide by Warner Bros. Pictures, a Warner Bros. Entertainment Company. Take a look at the first official photo
Thanks to Donald Trump's populist rhetoric, the most romanticized figure in America right now is the blue-collar worker of yesteryear — symbol of an era in which companies took good care of their front-line employees. Just listen to the way Steve Bannon, the White House chief strategist, talks about his dad, Marty, who scampered up telephone poles for AT&T in the 1950s.
“His job was everything, but his paycheck was a way to be part of civic society,” the younger Bannon told the Wall Street Journal. “As a child he never talked at all about how high the AT&T stock was. It was the Little League season or the charity event at the church or the May queen.”
“Why can't you revert back to a Golden Age?” he asked.
It is a fine question, though one that depends on a simplistic understanding of the past.
For tens of millions of workers across the nation, the postwar period was indeed golden in many respects. From the late 1940s through the early 1970s, pay and benefits for more than three-fourths of the nation's labor force surged by 90%. Since then, compensation for this huge swath of the population has been more or less flat—a raise of about 10% over 40 years, after adjusting for inflation.
Many work environments are far less punishing than they were 50 or 60 years ago.
Job security was also far stronger than it is today, even for those with few skills or little education. Although it wasn't uncommon for factory hands to be laid off because of seasonal fluctuations, they could count on being rehired as soon as work picked up again. “Downsizing” wouldn't enter the American vernacular until the 1980s.
But that's only part of the story.
The workers who did well during the Golden Age were white and male. For women and people of color, corporate America was openly hostile. (In many cases, it still is.)
About a quarter of the nation's population lived in poverty during the Golden Age, causing John Kenneth Galbraith, in his 1958 book “The Affluent Society,” to express grave concern about those suffering from “inequality and deprivation.”
And as Yale University researchers found when they interviewed hundreds of GM workers in the early 1950s, even those lucky enough to land good jobs in America's manufacturing plants quickly learned that they could be brutal places to work.
In many sections of the factory, the din was continuous and the air polluted, contaminated by oil and smoke. “Here, look at my cap,” said Stanley Tomsky, a metal finisher at a General Motors factory in Linden, N.J., holding up a hat full of steel dust. “Imagine what my lungs are like.”
When production workers at GM needed a break, managers were supposed to dispatch “relief men” into position to keep the line moving. But “you can't get relief until they see the piss running out of your eyeballs,” said Robert Scales, a glass installer.
Men went home irritable, exhausted. “I can't go bowling or shoot pool anymore,” said John Hajducsek, a 38-year-old seat-installation man who was hired by GM in 1940. “I have no energy to go out. As far as I'm concerned, I'm finished.”
The reality is that most blue-collar jobs in postwar America were directed by top-down management structures that pushed many workers to the physical and mental brink.
In the coming decades, these conditions would by and large improve.
This is not to discount the degradation and dangers that many still face on a daily basis—in meatpacking plants, auto-parts manufacturers and other factories. Nor is it to downplay the terrible circumstances confronted by legions of Americans in low-end service jobs: wage theft, the manipulation of their schedules and other forms of exploitation.
Indisputably, however, many work environments are far less punishing than they were 50 or 60 years ago. And in many instances, the work itself has gotten more interesting.
Among America's best companies, it's conventional wisdom that managers should not “foster we/they labor attitudes” and instead see every worker “as a source of ideas,” as Tom Peters and Bob Waterman wrote in their bestseller from 1982, “In Search of Excellence.”
By the early 1990s, according to surveys, more than a third of businesses had backed away from using strict command-and-control methods and moved toward more flexible arrangements, like self-governing teams. That trend has continued.
The cruel paradox—and the reason Trumpist populism is on the rise— is that this leap forward in workplace models came at the very same time that most blue-collar employees and many others stopped seeing economic gains. Managers may be more enlightened in some ways, but other, more concrete aspects of the employer-employee compact have fallen apart.
“Many workers have been empowered to play a greater role in designing their jobs,” MIT's Paul Osterman observed 20 years ago, but “wage levels have stagnated … and employment security is eroding.”
It's easy to talk of going back to a Golden Age, but the real trick for policy-makers and executives will be to make all of these pieces come together at once: good pay, benefits and job security for the working class, along with dignity and fulfillment in what they do.
Rick Wartzman is the author of “The End of Loyalty: The Rise and Fall of Good Jobs in America.”
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook
Jeffrey Scott Elliott, 61, of Rosewood Heights, died at 2 a.m. Friday, Dec. 30, 2016, at Alton Memorial Hospital.
Cremation rites will be accorded. Visitation will be 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, at Pitchford Funeral Home in Wood River, where funeral services will be 10 a.m. Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017. Inurnment will follow at Rose Lawn Memory Gardens in Bethalto.
Special to WJW
This week's Torah portion is Shelach, Numbers 13:1 — 15:41
This week's parsha marks the halfway point in the yearly reading cycle. In it, Moses is ordered to send out (sh'lach) 12 scouts (some call them spies), one from each tribe, to examine the Promised Land.
They go out and search the land and then return to report their findings. They confirm that the land is indeed bounteous. But 10 of the 12 give fearful reports of the dangers posed by the inhabitants.
“We looked like grasshoppers to ourselves, and so we must have looked to them,” the 10 say (Numbers 13:33). Only Joshua and Caleb state that with faith in God, the people will take ownership of the land promised to them.
The people are frightened, and their murmuring turns into something close to panic. God tells Moses that He will destroy the people, but Moses intercedes. God's punishment is severe, however. The people are sentenced to spend 40 years in the wilderness.
The 10 scouts demonstrate a basic human emotion: fear. They have only recently been released from slavery, and they lack confidence. They also display a lack of faith in themselves. And they reveal a lack of faith in God. These three human emotions sentence them to wander in the wilderness until where the generation of the scouts (and their slave mentality) die out, leaving the generation raised in freedom to enter the land.
The sages suggest that the 10 scouts were guilty of yet another error. While Caleb and Joshua expressed confidence in the ability of God to see them through the difficulties of conquering the land, the scouts spread their message of fear, self-denigration, and a lack of trust in God to the people.
Today, the Jewish people in Israel and around the world face a rising tide of hatred and opposition, filled with slander and violence. This is a new kind, or perhaps a re-emergence, of anti-Semitism unseen for many decades.
The Jewish people of this century have a choice: We can choose to be like Joshua and Caleb, and reject fear, have faith in ourselves and faith in God to secure a bright future for us and for Israel. Or, we can act like the 10 scouts, be fearful and speak doom and gloom, and cast doubt on ourselves and on the legitimacy of the Jewish people's right to a state of our own. Joshua and Caleb demonstrated faith, patience, and a refusal to be downcast by the size of the opposition. Can we do less today?
Questions for discussion:
The scouts state that they looked like grasshoppers to themselves, and therefore would so appear to their foes. How we see ourselves sometimes is indeed how others see us. If we fail to support Israel publicly, will others question whether we American Jews continue to support Israel?
Is a sense of faith in oneself a prerequisite to a faith in God? Is the reverse true?
Gary D. Simms is a staff member of Shoresh Hebrew High School, and a former executive director of Reform, Conservative and Orthodox congregations in the Washington area.
Just over three months in office, South Korea's president is finding little room to manoeuvre between old enemy North Korea and increasing combativeness from long-time ally, the United States.
SEOUL: Just over three months in office, South Korea's president is finding little room to manoeuvre between old enemy North Korea and increasing combativeness from long-time ally, the United States.
North Korea has snubbed offers for talks from President Moon Jae-in, the South's first liberal leader in a decade. And U.S. President Donald Trump has alarmed Seoul with his warnings that the United States will unleash "fire and fury" if threatened by North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes.
Any confrontation between the two will inevitably draw in South Korea, which faces thousands of North Korean troops and artillery guns across the heavily militarised border.
With few options at his command, Moon has been encouraging Washington to talk directly to Pyongyang to resolve differences, according to senior officials and advisers to the president.
"Dialogue is urgently needed to stop the North from developing its weapons programmes further," said Moon Chung-in, a special adviser to the president on foreign affairs and national security.
"But North Korea sees the South as powerless and won't negotiate with us. They want to have direct talks with the United States," said Moon, who also holds the post of distinguised professor at Yonsei University in Seoul.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Washington is insistent on maximizing economic sanctions and keeping up pressure on the North to stop its pursuit of nuclear weapons.
"Moon has been telling Trump that a military option should never be considered, but there is not much we can do when two strong leaders (of North Korea and the United States) are clashing," said Lee Su-hoon, who headed a group of national security advisers for the president until July.
"But no one wants a catastrophic end. Down the road, I expect there will be a compromise and dialogue."
In comments on Monday, President Moon insisted on dialogue to resolve differences with the North, "whatever ups and downs we face".
"I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours," he said in opening remarks at a meeting with senior aides.
But there seems little likelihood of dialogue at this point.
In his most recent phone conversation with Trump a week ago, Moon said "a tragic war should never happen on the Korean peninsula," according to his presidential spokesman. But within days, Trump warned Pyongyang would meet fire and fury if it threatened the United States.
The sharp rise in tensions is expected to dominate a speech by Moon on Tuesday to commemorate the 72th anniversary of liberation from Japanese colonial rule. He also holds a news conference on Thursday to mark his 100th day in office.
The anniversary is shared by North Korea and its leader Kim Jong-un may also make a speech.
GUAM THREATENED
Tensions between North Korea and the United States surged last week after the isolated country said it would finalise a plan by mid-August to launch four intermediate range missiles toward waters off the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
Referring to Kim Jong-un, Trump said: "If he does anything with respect to Guam or any place else that's an American territory or an American ally, he will truly regret it, and he will regret it fast."
The heated rhetoric has raised fears of a sudden clash, that once started could cause massive casualties in the South's densely populated capital Seoul, which is just 40 km (25 miles) south of the border. The Seoul metropolitan area is home to 25 million people.
Moon, closely linked with South Korea's 1998-2008 policies of engaging with the North, came to office promising to revive ties with Pyongyang.
He filled his national security team with several key players of that time, naming them to the posts of prime minister, spy chief and unification minister.
"The problem is that Kim Jong-un is nothing like his father," said Nam Seong-wook, professor of North Korea Studies at Korea University in Seoul.
"Officials in the Moon government don't know him, since they just have dealt with Kim Jong Il," Nam said, referring to the current leader's father, who died in late 2011.
Less than six years into his reign, Kim has tested more missiles than his father and grandfather combined, conducted three nuclear tests, and is racing to develop a nuclear-tipped missile that can hit the U.S. mainland.
Faced with this aggressiveness, and Kim's refusal to talk to the South, Seoul has few options, analysts said.
"At this point, there's little South Korea can do but... communications with the United States and China, and we're doing a good job at that," said Lee, Moon's former adviser.
(Additional reporting by Jane Chung and Haejin Choi, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Raju Gopalakrishnan)
TRUDEAU HAS FAILED AGAIN
Justin Trudeau is forcing Canadians to pay for his failure to support the men and women of Canada's energy sector. Kinder Morgan is walking away from a major energy project here in Canada. The company never asked for a dollar of taxpayer money for the Trans Mountain pipeline project. All they needed was clarity and certainty from the government so they could get construction underway. Instead, they got delay after delay, and no plan to see them through to completing the project. Now, Justin Trudeau has decided to use taxpayer money to buy the entire pipeline. He says it will cost $4.5 billion. Make no mistake — that is the minimum hit to the taxpayer's wallet. Worse still, that is $4.5 billion that the private sector will simply invest in other energy projects outside of Canada. Canada became less competitive this week, and Canadians paid for it. Justin Trudeau would have Canadians believe that the only way to build the Trans Mountain pipeline is to use billions of taxpayer dollars. It's not. Four pipelines were built under the previous government without spending one cent of taxpayers' money. Canada's Conservatives understand that by providing more certainty, lowering taxes, and ensuring that regulations are both effective and efficient, projects like Trans Mountain can be built without imposing a burden on taxpayers. We will continue to stand up for Canada's resource sector, and most importantly, the men and women whose livelihoods depend on it. They can count on Canada's Conservatives to give them a voice against a prime minister determined to phase out their jobs.
Jamie Schmale
Conservative MP for Haliburton-Kawartha Lakes-Brock
Deputy Shadow Critic for Natural Resources and Economic Development
(Someone needs to show some leadership)
YOU'RE SHAMELESS TORONTO SUN
I'll be the first to admit I'm having a hard time deciding who to vote for this time, more so than ever before. The shameless plugging the Toronto Sun does for the PC Party, however, makes this paper mostly unreadable this time of year. Year in, year out it's the same crap about how NDP and Liberals are clearly the worst of the options. According to you guys, anyway. Other than the Sports pages and the SUNshine Girls, this paper isn't fit to read anymore. It's sad, used to be my first choice. Thank God for being able to access it online.
David Shirley
London, Ont.
(Keep reading, you will find more that you like than don't)
PLEASE, GO VOTE
For eligible voters who choose not to vote, they shouldn't be able to voice their complaints about political issues. With today's technology of registering every voter at the polls, it should be relatively easy to put a name in the computer and see whether or not they voted. If you care about your area and the issues surrounding it, please vote on June 7 and be heard.
Mary L. Dunk
Guelph
(If you don't vote, you can't complain)
Choosing a partner who is emotionally unavailable to you equals calling for trouble. Pisces, choose somebody who promises to stand by you, even through the troubles. Sag, if you're feeling inspired to make an impromptu trip with your lover, think no more. Gemini, we cannot stress enough on how important this phase of your career is.
Daily horoscope: Aries
When one person is more passionate than the other, the relationship can go two ways—and right now you are walking towards the door of doom and destruction. Before you cause any more damage to yourself and this relationship, take a step back and assess where your partner is. It's best to let something or someone goes when you sense a disconnect.
Daily horoscope: Taurus
Raise your hands if you're guilty of starting your day with almond milk and downing seven tequila shots by the end of the night. Let's not even talk about those cheesy fries. There's a good chance your body is already starting to show the signs. Have you been thinking about making certain lifestyle changes? The time to put that plan into action is now.
Daily horoscope: Gemini
Dream big and go after your goals with unbridled passion. It's okay to put everything on hold temporarily. This is an important phase of your career. The more work you put in, the more magnificent the results will be.
Daily horoscope: Cancer
You are only human, Cancer. Guilty of taking on the tasks of other? Let your compassionate side be your boon, not your bane. Define your boundaries. Have an open and honest conversation about what you can and what you cannot do here.
Daily horoscope: Leo
Ready to start afresh, Leo? This is the starting point of many new things in your life. Approach them with the right attitude. But you know what's better than the world of endless possibilities that is opening up for you? The fact that your soul fam is cheering you on as you take your first step.
Daily horoscope: Virgo
You are the boss of you, Virgo. You get to decide what's right for you and what's not. Whether you've got eyes for that corner office, or believe that you need be remunerated according to your worth—speak up. The time to take your career to the next level is now.
Daily horoscope: Libra
Has looking outside ever served you well? Seek happiness only from yourself. Detach yourself from people and circumstances that drain you. Retreating into your space of silence will help you find harmony and balance within.
Daily horoscope: Scorpio
Sort out the differences, Scorpio. Dragging this until tomorrow will only drain you and the other person. Follow the age old advise of never going to bed angry.
Daily horoscope: Sagittarius
Love is spontaneity. Love is flow. You and your knight in shining armour may feel inspired to call in sick at work and go undercover. In a different setting, of course. Everybody knows that mountain breeze is the miracle cure.
Daily horoscope: Capricorn
Don't waste your breath on the doors that are closing right now. They are not aligned with your soul. Shift your focus to the ones that are opening up for you. Trust that the Universe is offering you promises to take your career to the next level.
Daily horoscope: Aquarius
The past has zero control over your present. Today is a new day and you're ready to start afresh. If there's something this phase of your life has taught you, it's that you cannot depend on anybody or anything to make your world a better place. Take things in your own hands, Capricorn. Give yourself the royal treat you deserve.
Daily horoscope: Pisces
Ah, the classic good guy-bad guy debate. Remember, the sheen of that jacket will eventually wear off. The sheen of a good character? Now that stuff is eternal. Choosing a partner who is emotionally unavailable to you equals calling for trouble.
Read your monthly horoscope here
2017 SEC SWIMMING & DIVING CHAMPIONSHIPS
Tuesday, February 14 – Saturday, February 18
Allan Jones Intercollegiate Aquatic Center, Knoxville, TN (Eastern Time Zone)
Prelims 10AM / Finals 6PM
Defending Champion: Florida men (4x), Texas A&M women (results)
Championship Central
Psych Sheet
Live results
Live Video (finals)
The first session of the 2017 SEC Swimming and Diving Championships kicks off tonight in Knoxville, Tennessee at the Allan Jones Intercollegiate Aquatic Center. Swimmers are set to compete in the 200 medley relay and 800 free relays, while divers will compete in the men's 1-meter and women's 3-meter.
The Florida Gator men will be looking to extend their streak with a 5th-straight SEC Championship title, with star sprinter Caeleb Dressel returning after smashing American Records last season. We'll also get a first look at freshman standout Maxime Rooney in his first conference championship meet.
On the women's side, the Texas A&M Aggies are seeking back-to-back titles after dethroning the Georgia Bulldogs last season. The Aggies will field returning SEC champions Bethany Galat, Lisa Bratton, and Sarah Gibson, to name a few. Georgia will be tough to beath, though, as the Bulldogs look for redemption after having their conference title streak snapped last season. Leading the charge will be NCAA sprint champion Olivia Smoliga and All-American Chantal Van Landeghem.
MEN'S 1-METER DIVING
Liam Stone, Tennessee, 468.30 Juan Hernandez, LSU, 467.05 Tyler Henschel, Texas A&M, 420.65
In an extremely close contest down to the final dive, Tennessee's Liam Stone was able to edge out LSU's Juan Hernandez to win the first event of the SEC Championships. LSU got a huge boost from diving, as they had 3 finalists tonight. Texas A&M, who had Tyler Henschel make the medal stand with a bronze, also had 3 in tonight's final to get off to a great start.
WOMEN'S 200 MEDLEY RELAY
Georgia- 1:35.28 Texas A&M- 1:35.33 Tennessee- 1:35.45
Texas A&M and Georgia wasted no time setting up the team battle with their performance in the 200 medley relay. The Aggies had the lead at the 150 after a 26.59 breast split from Jorie Caneta and a 23.02 fly split from Sarah Gibson, but Chantal Van Landeghem roared back for Georgia with a 21.18 anchor split to just out-touch the Aggies at the finish. Tennessee was a close 3rd, with Madeline Banic churning out a 22.74 on the fly split.
The Kentucky women were just one place shy of the podium, finishing in 1:36.76. Breaststroker Madison Winstead had a stellar performance, clocking a 26.88 on the breaststroke leg.
There were as many as 4 DQs in the 2 heats of 200 medley relays, the biggest of which was LSU, as the Tigers would've placed 5th. Arkansas, South Carolina, and Vanderbilt were also disqualified. Live results initially indicated that Missouri had also been disqualified, but they have since been corrected to reflect the Tigers' 5th place finish.
MEN'S 200 MEDLEY RELAY
Florida- 1:23.44 Alabama- 1:23.52 Texas A&M- 1:23.91
The Florida Gators were in 7th place before Caeleb Dressel dove into the water as their freestyle anchor. Swimming fans watched as Dressel tore through the water, making his way to the finish in an incredible 17.90 50 freestyle splits. At the touch, he had successfully brought the Gators back, as they won the race in 1:23.44 over Alabama (1:23.52). Bama freshman Zane Waddell threw down a fast split of his own, clocking an 18.59 free split to help the Crimson Tide earn silver.
The Texas A&M men also fielded an 18-mid anchor, as senior Cory Bolleter clocked an 18.62 to win a tight race for bronze ahead of Tennessee (1:24.08) and Missouri (1:24.11).
WOMEN'S 3-METER DIVING
WOMEN'S 800 FREE RELAY
MEN'S 800 FREE RELAY
Related Story Car and Helicopter Crashes Kill 3 at White Nationalist Rally in US
LONDON: Former Italy international Gianfranco Zola has resigned as manager of English Championship Birmingham City after a 2-0 home defeat by Burton Albion left them three points off the relegation zone.
Zola was appointed in December after Birmingham sacked Gary Rowett with the club in seventh place in the league and well-positioned to make the promotion playoffs.
Birmingham announced the resignation on Twitter, shortly after their latest defeat.
City are in 20th place, three points above the relegation positions to the third-tier League One.
Former Chelsea forward Zola previously managed West Ham United and Watford in England.
(Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Ed Osmond)
US President Donald Trump today asked his country's top trade official to investigate into Chinese trade practices with focus on intellectual property (IP) and advanced technology, asserting that "unfair" trade practices by foreign countries harm American businesses."The theft of intellectual property by foreign countries costs our nation millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year. For too long, this wealth has been drained from our country while Washington has done nothing," Trump said."Today, I'm directing the United States Trade Representative to examine China's policies, practices, and actions with regard to the forced transfers of American technology and the theft of American intellectual property," Trump said as he signed a memorandum in this regard."As President of the United States, it's my duty and responsibility to protect the American workers, technology, and industry from unfair and abusive actions," he said.Trump said his administration will stand up to any country that unlawfully forces American companies to transfer their valuable technology as a condition of market access.He said the US will combat the counterfeiting and piracy that destroys American jobs and enforce the rules of fair and reciprocal trade that form the foundation of responsible commerce."We will protect forgotten Americans who have been left behind by a global trade system that has failed to look -- and I mean look -- out for their interests. They have not been looking out at all," he said.Trump said the US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, is empowered to consider all available options at his disposal."We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity. We will uphold our values, we will defend our workers, and we will protect the innovations, creations, and inventions that power our magnificent country," he said.Lighthizer said the US has for many years been facing a very serious problem. "China industrial policies and other practices reportedly have forced the transfer of vital US technology to Chinese companies," he alleged."We will engage in a thorough investigation and, if needed, take action to preserve the future of US industry.Thousands of jobs are at stake for our workers and for future generations. This will be one of USTR's highest priorities, and we will report back to the President as soon as possible," Lighthizer said.Top American lawmakers welcomed the move. "I am pleased that President Trump has targeted China's forced technology policies. These practices have unfairly forced American companies to surrender vital intellectual property to their Chinese competitors as the price for doing business," said House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady.House Ways and Means Committee Trade Subcommittee Chairman Dave Reichert welcomed Trump in addressing China's forced technology transfer requirements."The US economy and so many jobs depend on the strength of our technology companies, including some of our nation's leading tech companies headquartered in my home state of Washington," he said.Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi alleged that for years now, China's brazenly unfair trade practices have weakened America's economy and hurt American workers.Even though President Trump has signed a memo of instruction to the USTR to consider investigating China's unfair intellectual property practices, Pelosi asked USTR to take a series of strong steps including requiring American companies to transfer technology and proprietary information to do business in China.Pelosi asked USTR to take steps against China's theft of American trade-secrets; China's piracy of other American intellectual property, including software; and market barriers facing US businesses and products in China."In addition, the Administration must recognise that challenging China's open intellectual property theft is especially vital now, in light of China's 'Made in China 2025' policy. This policy will not only hurt American companies in China, but will make it harder for us to compete globally with Chinese firms," Pelosi said."When the rules of the road are followed, US businesses and workers can compete with anyone in the world. I look forward to working with the administration as it begins this 301 investigation, and will continue to work to hold foreign countries accountable when they violate our trade laws," said Senator Robert Portman.The bipartisan IP Commission welcomed the decision. "The scale of Chinese forced transfer and theft of American intellectual property threatens these interests, both our prosperity and security, and thus US policy must address this set of issues," said Dr Richard Ellings, director of the IP Commission and president of National Bureau of Asian Research.Senator Charles Schumer, Senate Minority Leader felt that this was a weak action. "President Trump's pattern continues: Tough talk on China, but weaker action than anyone could ever imagine," he said.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
7 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Mexican and U.S. brewers have reinvented U.S. President Donald Trump as a gun-slinging mariachi folk musician to promote a new beer celebrating cross-border cooperation.
MEXICO CITY: Mexican and U.S. brewers have reinvented U.S. President Donald Trump as a gun-slinging mariachi folk musician to promote a new beer celebrating cross-border cooperation.
The label of the new Amigous Cerveza craft beer, showing a frowning Trump in a sombrero, his trousers held up with a swastika belt buckle, mocks his divisive campaign rhetoric against Mexico and his pledge to build a border wall.
The rear label declares that the 71-year-old New Yorker belongs "in a mad house, not the White House."
"We knew that a Trump label was going to be controversial, but it's been selling extremely fast," said Luis Enrique de la Reguera, chief executive of brewery Casa Cervecera Cru Cru.
Launched in May, the beer that misspells "amigo" to poke fun at a bad American pronunciation of the Spanish word for friend, surprised its creators. The original batch of 1,200 bottles and 400 litres on tap sold out in the very first week.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A kind of New England Indian Pale with a dash of mango, the beer was dreamt up by Cru Cru, Mexican partner Error de Diciembre and Epic Brewing of the United States shortly before Trump's election victory on Nov. 8.
Trump sparked dismay in Mexico by saying the country was sending rapists and drug runners across the border, and angered business groups by threatening to tear up a joint trade deal.
(Reporting by Stefanie Eschenbacher; Editing by Dave Graham and Richard Chang)
Died Dec. 11, 2017
Beverly Ann Uzzo of Gainesville, Georgia, passed away on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, and is now in her new home with our Heavenly Father.
She is survived by her husband of 49 years, Phil Uzzo; her son, Phillip Uzzo Jr. and his wife, Chere; her daughter, Angela Uzzo; and granddaughters, Jessica Uzzo and Audrey Uzzo. She is also survived by her sisters-in-law, Rosalie Chisesi, Juanita Pongrance, Donna Uzzo and Carmen Uzzo; her brother, Jerry Gray and his wife, Cheryl and their children, J J and Stephanie of Morgan City, Louisiana; and her niece, Lisa Stowe of Lawrenceville, Georgia.
Beverly was preceded in death by her mother, Ethel Gray, and her brother, Percy Gray.
Beverly's greatest and proudest moments were those of being a wife, mother and grandmother. She loved and served the Lord throughout her life. She was an active member of Gainesville First United Methodist Church for 17 years. She was involved in the Emmanuel Sunday School Class, Gadabouts and its ministries and the Tuesday Lunch Club. She enjoyed shopping, gift giving and cooking her Cajun food.
Her memorial service was Tuesday, Dec. 19, 2017, at 1 p.m. in the Sanctuary at Gainesville First United Methodist Church.
In lieu of flowers, consider a donation to her favorite charity: St. Jude Children's Hospital, P.O. Box 1893, Memphis, TN 38101-9950.
Wages & Sons Funeral Home, Lawrenceville, Georgia, was in charge of arrangements.
Sign the online guest book at gainesvilletimes.com.
Raymond Painter, 83, passed away Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at Bethalto Care Center in Bethalto.
Graveside services will be at 2 p.m. Monday, June 4, at Upper Alton Cemetery.
Elias, Kallal and Schaaf Funeral Home is handling arrangements.
: Union Minister Nitin Gadkari on Wednesday flagged off Wagon Cab's taxi ambulance services here.A startup, Wagon Cab claims to be India's first road emergency cab services provider.The launch comes in the the backdrop of India accounting for 5 lakh road crashes annually worldwide in which 1.5 lakh people die.Wagon Cab, which provides medically-trained drivers in its ambulance-taxis, said in the initial phase it will launch 200 cabs.The drivers will be trained to handle critical situations and provide first-aid, for which they will be paid additional Rs 500, Wagon Cab said in a statement.NGO Das Foundation is supporting the initiative."I firmly believe that this particular initiative will really help out those in need...Most of the drivers spend maximum time on roads, they are real ambassadors of road safety, and with their help a lot can be achieved", said Yogita Bhayana, founder of Das Foundation.Starting from Delhi NCR, Wagon Cab is planning to launch this initiative pan India."Time plays a very important role in all our lives, especially in the context of road accidents, with the launch of Hospital Wagon we are looking forward to making the roads of Delhi NCR, safer," said Uttam Bose, CEO & Co-Founder Wagon Cab.
The $1 Million Shootout is BACK!
Join us the week of July 17, 2017, for a chance to win a $1 million hole-in-one prize!
For only $1 per shot, contestants will have an unlimited number of chances to qualify each day.
Open Qualifying will take place Monday, July 17, 2017, to Friday, July 21, 2017, from 3:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.
Top 5 finishers each day will reach the semi-finals on Saturday, July 22, with five finalists being chosen for a chance at the $1 million prize!
Closest to the pin winner from each qualifying day will win a prize courtesy of Rolling Hills Golf Course.
Reggie Jackson (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr, Detroit News)
With the release of the NBA schedule on Monday, the Pistons found out their road to getting back to the playoffs, after missing with a 37-45 record last season.
Besides the obvious headline that they'll be opening Little Caesars Arena in downtown Detroit on Oct. 18 against the Charlotte Hornets, there are some tough stretches that could pose some obstacles to their playoff quest.
The good news is the league initiative to help player safety with more rest days between games by stretching the schedule a week. Teams will have fewer sets of games on back-to-back nights — the Pistons have 14; just below the league average of 14.4 — with just a few cases of three games in four nights and no instances of four games in five nights.
They'll have some ups and downs, but the goals clearly will be getting a good start and returning to the playoffs before their finale on April 11 at Chicago. Here are some quick observations at the Pistons' 2017-18 schedule.
■ BACK-TO-BACK BASICS
The Pistons will have fewer back-to-backs, but they almost start out of the gate with a road pair at the Wizards and the Knicks. The Wizards are projected to be one of the top three or four teams in the Eastern Conference, so they'll provide an early test of where the Pistons stand. They have another set of three games in four nights on a west-coast trip, with the Clippers, Warriors and Lakers. The Pistons get a two-game break before the trip, but it'll be a challenge to get more than one in that sequence.
■ THE STRETCHES
Some of the schedule is broken into some tougher stretches, beginning in November. They have nine of 11 games on the road — the two home games are Cleveland and Phoenix — and the next two are home against Golden state and Boston.
Between Jan. 19 and Feb. 23, they have a span of 12 games in 14 at home — the road games are at Cleveland and Atlanta — with some challenging games in the mix. If they can make it through the road gauntlet in November, they could make a move up the standings ahead of the All-Star break.
■ NATIONAL TREASURES
In their inaugural season at Little Caesars Arena, the Pistons will get plenty of chances to show off their new digs to a national audience. They get eight national TV games: Dec. 8 vs. the defending-champion Warriors, Jan. 19 vs. Washington and March 7 vs. Toronto, all on ESPN; Jan. 30 vs. Cleveland on TNT; Oct. 31 at the Lakers, Jan. 15 vs. Charlotte, March 5 at Cleveland and April 8 at Memphis are on NBA TV.
Given the caliber of their opponents, it might be a tough task to try to come out ahead in those matchups; all but the Lakers and Hornets made the playoffs last season.
■ ON THE ROAD AGAIN
Their longest road trip of the season comes in March, when they'll be away from Little Caesars Arena for six games in 10 days, hitting Utah, Denver, Portland, Sacramento, Phoenix and Houston.
The Pistons' 13-28 road record last season was tied for the third-worst in the East last year, which was a big reason they missed the playoffs.
■ THE FINAL KICK
The Pistons could have an opportunity for a strong finish in the final 10 games, coming off the big road trip. They'll host Chicago, the Lakers and Washington, which could help push them toward the postseason. Of the last 10, only three games come against teams that made the playoffs last season.
Rod.Beard@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @detnewsRodBeard
On Tuesday, the London Police Service announced that Dr. Javeed Sukhera of the Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry at Western University has been appointed to the London Police Services Board.
READ MORE: London principal Michael Deeb charged with sex assault involving student
The appointment fills one of two vacancies on the board. Jeanette Eberhard's term expired on April 16 while Michael Deeb resigned in early April after being charged by the OPP with sexual assault and sexual exploitation.
Sukhera is an assistant professor of psychiatry and pediatrics and is also the senior designate physician lead for child and adolescent psychiatry at the London Health Sciences Centre.
READ MORE: Indigenous health lead appointed to London Police Services Board
“The board is very pleased about the appointment of Dr. Sukhera to the London Police Services Board,” wrote vice-chair Susan Toth in a statement.
“I expect that his vast knowledge, experience and expertise in the area of mental health and trauma, as well as his passionate advocacy for the underserved, will complement the work of the board and the police service.”
The London Police Services Board is a civilian oversight body responsible for governing the London Police Service.
American Serena Williams dropped a large hint that she could soon be back on court competing when she posted an Instagram photo of a pair of dazzling gold and white tennis shoes.
REUTERS: American Serena Williams dropped a large hint that she could soon be back on court competing when she posted an Instagram photo of a pair of dazzling gold and white tennis shoes.
Williams, who won her 23rd grand slam singles title at last year's Australian Open before taking time out to have her first child, has entered next month's tournament in Melbourne.
"Be excited. Be very excited..." the 36-year-old said in the post which attracted 135,000 likes in the space of an hour.
Williams gave birth to Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr. in September and was married to Alexis Ohanian last month.
Few female players have won grand slams after taking a break to start a family, although Kim Clijsters won the 2009 U.S. Open in her third tournament back after having a daughter.
Australians Evonne Goolagong and Margaret Court also managed it. Court's 24 grand slam singles titles remains a record although only 11 of them were in the professional era.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Christian Radnedge)
There are more calls for peace and understanding following the attacks in Edmonton last weekend, this time, from the Hadi Mosque. Fletcher Kent explains.
We've all been there. You start to transfer a few large files at the end of the day for your client to review, leave the office for the night, and return the next morning, only to see they failed to upload. That feeling sucks, and it's exactly why we're so excited to introduce Frame.io Watch […]
CHENNAI: In what can be termed as the much respite to the Tamilnadu government, Union commerce and industries minister Nirmala Sitharaman has announced that the Centre is ready to consider state plea for Neet (National Eligibility cum Entrance Test) exemption for a year for government medical colleges alone.
She however ruled out permanent exclusion from the national level eligibility test.
It is worthwhile mentioning that Tamil Nadu, which had in the start sought permanent exemption from Neet by passing two Bills in the Assembly, later made all out attempts to be out of its ambit for at least a period of year.
And with the Centre now giving green signal, state government has announced that admissions would be held on the lines held last year, in the meantime also assuring that in future the students would be well prepared for NEET and the syllabus too would be oriented likewise.
When it comes to private colleges and deemed universities, Tamil Nadu is already admitting students as per Neet.
Click the button below and wait for a message from our Facebook bot in Messenger!
SYDNEY: Power hitters Chris Lynn and Glenn Maxwell propelled Australia to a convincing seven-wicket victory over New Zealand in the first tri-series Twenty20 match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday (Feb 3).
Lynn (44 runs from 33 balls) and Maxwell (40 not out from 24 balls) shared in a scorching 77-run stand from just 53 balls to steer Australia to the rain-reduced total of 95 from 15 overs with 21 balls to spare.
Despite a top-order wobble, in which captain David Warner and the debutant D'Arcy Short fell inside the first three overs, the belligerent power of Lynn and Maxwell swamped the Kiwi bowling attack.
Australia's victory was earlier set up by towering paceman Billy Stanlake whose fierce pace justified Warner's decision to bowl first after winning the toss, as he wrecked New Zealand's top order with three wickets in the space of his first eight balls.
Stanlake startled Colin Munro with his high bounce for debutant wicketkeeper Alex Carey to race out to point to complete the catch.
Martin Guptill was then flummoxed next ball by a perfect-length seamer that flicked the top of off stump.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Stanlake narrowly missed his hat-trick as Tom Bruce clipped an attempted yorker through the leg side for three.
Andrew Tye claimed four wickets as Australia restricted New Zealand to a below-par 117 for nine off their 20 overs.
Tye mopped up the Kiwi tail to finish with four wickets for 23, while towering paceman Stanlake claimed three wickets inside the powerplay to dismantle the Kiwis' top order.
Australia had New Zealand at 60 for five before Colin de Grandhomme hit an unbeaten 38 from 24 balls with three sixes and a four.
De Grandhomme launched two massive sixes off leg-spinner Adam Zampa with the Black Caps managing just four sixes in the entire innings.
Stanlake underlined why he is one of the hottest prospects in the country and has been locked up on a Cricket Australia central contract.
Tye's first wicket owed much to Warner's catch, running backwards to make the grab and remove Kiwi captain Kane Williamson for eight from 21 balls.
Australia play England in the second match of the tri-series in Hobart on Wednesday.
SHANGHAI: China has issued new guidelines to enforce academic integrity in science that include plans to "record and assess" the conduct of scientists and institutions and punish anyone guilty of misconduct, state news agency Xinhua reported.
The guidelines, released on Wednesday by the ruling Communist Party and the State Council, or cabinet, prohibit plagiarism, fabrication of data and research conclusions, ghost-writing and peer review manipulation, according to Xinhua.
Advertisement
Scandals in recent years involving things like faked research, plagiarism and problematic peer review standards have dented China's reputation as a growing force in the world of scientific research.
Xinhua said China would build a "scientific integrity mechanism" to drive innovation while maintaining zero tolerance for severe academic dishonesty.
"Anyone who violates the integrity rules will be held accountable by law," it said, citing a document issued by the party and government.
"Those who are found to have committed academic misconduct will be banned from teaching or doing any kind of research work in government-run schools and scientific institutions. Their research grants will be canceled and honors revoked, according to the guidelines," it said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Ministry of Science and Technology would take responsibility for coordinating and managing the effort in scientific fields, while the state-run Chinese Academy of Social Sciences would do so in social sciences.
Xinhua said the science ministry planned to build "a journal warning mechanism to put any domestic or international academic journals that ignores academic quality while seeking high payments onto a blacklist".
Papers published in such journals would not be recognised in any kind of assessment, it said.
The guidelines also aimed to change the standards by which scientists are evaluated so that integrity becomes a key factor, rather than just the production of papers, patents, titles, projects and the collection of honors, it said.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
David Lee, the famed collector of all things Ferrari, recently decided to build his own dream machine.
What started life as a 1972 Dino has been transformed into the restomodded machine now called a Dino Monza 3.6 Evo. Lee brought the car to Jay Leno's Garage so the affable car lover could give it a proper once over.
This is the Dino that Ferrari should've built, and that's the exact sentiment Leno has as well, although we're sure there are many purists out there who will happily disagree.
"I love the fact that you kept it all Ferrari", says Leno as he chats with Lee and learns more about the car. Leno is referring to the fact that Lee didn't swap in a non-Ferrari powerplant into the tail of this Dino. Instead, he opted to have a 3.6-liter Ferrari V-8 dropped in. This replaces the lame-duck 180-horsepower V-6 that used to live in that space.
David Lee has built a Dino Ferrari of his own Enlarge Photo David Lee has built a Dino Ferrari of his own Enlarge Photo David Lee has built a Dino Ferrari of his own Enlarge Photo
Lee has taken his Dino much further than an engine swap however, as the body lines have been slightly altered and the interior brought up to a spec more befitting of the car. Out back, a clear cover sits over the engine while the Daytona seats have been retained to keep the cabin beautiful. All of the changes add up to a gorgeous machine that now produces 400 hp and is sure to be an absolute joy to drive.
Jay and David walk through the entire car before hopping in and going for a drive. Along the way, Lee informs Leno that the British car builders who helped bring his vision to life can produce up to five examples per year. Lee will take the orders and sell them on behalf of Mototechnique, which is the shop responsible.
Leno remarks that this classic machine doesn't need all of the wings, vents, and spoilers which seem to cover modern machines. Instead, the Dino is a perfect five to seven tenths car. Just as enjoyable on a brisk canyon road as it is during a relaxed coastal cruise.
Lee knows a lot about what he wants to see from a Ferrari, be it new or old. He's clearly crafted a classic Dino in a manner that makes sense for today's world. And also for today's restomod-seeking customer who is willing to fork over what should be a colossal amount of cash to own one.
Several area fire departments responding to River City Hardwoods tonight for a fire at the business.
A TV-6 crew report a very heavy fire and police presence at River City Hardwoods. Smoke is still seen coming from the top of the building.
Police and fire officials say the fire was put out within minutes of seven different fire stations being called in.
Muscatine Fire Department, West Liberty, Grand View, Wapello, . Fruitland, Columbus Junction.
There are no injuires have been reported so far.
This is a developing story. Stay tuned to the KWQC News app for the latest information.
RCMP responded to a gas station in Carstairs, Alta. on Saturday evening, after a suspect appeared to have pulled out a firearm and demanded cash.
A man wearing a disguise pulled up to a fuel pump and approached an employee, police said in a media release. RCMP said he went inside the gas station and demanded money.
The suspect managed to flee in a dark-coloured Pontiac Sunfire before officers arrived.
The man is described as:
Approximately 5'6″ or 5'7″
Wearing black hoodie and hat
Dark jeans
White shoes
Sunglasses
RCMP said the suspect may have been involved in two other robberies that happened in Lacombe on Saturday afternoon, reportedly involving the same vehicle.
Anyone with information is asked to call Didsbury RCMP or the Lacombe Police Service.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
MONTREAL: Worldwide passenger air traffic grew again last year, albeit at a slightly slower pace, led by the dynamic growth of low-cost air carriers, the International Civil Aviation Organisation reported on Monday (Jan 2).
A total of 3.7 billion passengers were transported by the world's airlines last year, a six per cent increase from 2015. That was just under the previous year's 7.1 per cent rise, the United Nations agency said.
Growth was most pronounced in the Middle East (11.2 per cent), Asia (8 per cent), Latin America (6.5 per cent) and Africa (5.7 per cent), while it was slower in Europe (4.3 per cent) and North America (3.5 per cent).
"Over half of the world's tourists who travel across international borders each year were transported by air," the Montreal-based agency noted in a statement.
Low-cost carriers accounted for 28 per cent of all passenger air traffic. Passing a milestone, they transported more than one billion passengers for the first time.
In Europe, low-cost carriers transported nearly a third of all passengers, slightly more than the 31 percent in Asia or North America's 25 per cent.
"The increasing presence of low-cost carriers notably in emerging economies contributed to the overall growth of passenger traffic," the ICAO said.
As for scheduled domestic flights, North America accounted for 43 per cent of the total, up 4.3 per cent from the previous year, while domestic traffic in Asia was up 10 per cent, largely due to growth in India and China.
Increased traffic and significantly lower fuel costs helped boost airlines' operating profits, which the ICAO put at US$60 billion for last year, some US$2 billion more than in 2015.
"More than a third of the profits are expected to come from the carriers of North America, whose domestic market represents 66 per cent of their total operations," the agency reported.
From the best light and shade duos to the perfect contour tools, learn to sculpt your face like a pro with our edit of the best contouring makeup kits. Whether you prefer cream, stick or powder contour and highlighter products, we've picked the very best of the best.
Kimmy-K style cheekbones, here we come!
Don't know where to start? Check out our guide on How to Contour.
1 /15 Shade & Light Face Contour Palette, Kat Von D, Rs 2,910
Inspired by makeup pros that know how to work a brush, this kit has the perfect selection of shades to create a well blended contour – that will make those cheekbones pop! #Instamarc Light-Filtering Contour Powder, Marc Jacobs, Rs 2,910
A simple two-step contour is excellent for newbies, which is why we especially adore this chic compact. Pro Series Contour Kit, Anastasia Beverly Hills, Rs 3,240
A blogger favourite, with amazing shades to highlight and contour. Designed for pros but perfect for those experimenting as well, it comes with both matte and satin textures Studio Cream Contour Palette, E.l.f., Rs 670
A budget hero super easy to apply. The cream palette is perfect for beginners and those on the go, the shades blend seamlessly with any liquid foundation. Comes in 2 sets of shades. Pro Glow Highlight and Contour Palette, Tarteist, Rs 3,010
Highlighter lovers brace yourselves, this Tarte palette is all your dreams packed in a pro product. A mix of powders and creams for the perfect chiseled face. Multi Use Powder Contour Palette, Iconic London, Rs 2,660
With everything you could possibly need to sculpt your face, what more could you want? With two highlights, one shimmer and three contour shades you're all sorted for flawless cheekbones. Contour Stick, Rosie for Autograph, Rs 1,250
From the rose gold packaging to the creamy consistency, this product is a total winner. Small enough to pop in your evening bag, the stick is sheer and smooth rather than heavy and matte, which works really well on the cheekbones. Pro Sculpting Palette, Make up Forever, Rs 2,410
Unlike many other brands that just offer a shadow and highlight option, this palette combines a highlight, contour, shimmer and blush all in one. Creamy and blendable, this is all you'll need to carry round in your handbag to keep your skin looking fresh and your cheekbones looking sharp. Shade & Illuminate, Tom Ford, Rs 4,660
The most luxurious (and one of the best) contouring products on the market, Tom Ford's Shade & Illuminate has been a staple in our contour kit for several years. Sweep a line of the sculpting shade under cheekbones and along the jawline and finish with the subtle luminous highlighter across cheeks and below the brows for a light-reflecting glow. We love the natural sculpting impact of this colour combination; it's one of the most easy-to-use and wearable kits out there. Chubby Sticks in Curvy Contour and Hefty Highlight, Clinique, Rs 1,590 each
If you like your contour products as simple and effective as possible, Clinique's Chubby Sticks are the clear winner. Just slide a line of the contour stick on the hollow of the cheeks and along the jawline and smudge in, before adding a line of the highlight stick along the cheek bone and below the brow bone. Simples. Flawless Contouring Palette, Laura Mercier, Rs 2,910
If you prefer to work with cream colour rather than powders or pencils, this Laura Mercier kit is the perfect option. Work with the contour cream under your foundation for a subtle finish, or use after face colour for maximum effect. Contour blush in Olympia, Nars, Rs 2,450
We love this contouring blush for everyday wear; the contouring shade creates a natural shadow that is easily buildable, while the luminous highlighter can be lightly swept over cheek and brow bones to finish the look. Gel Sculpt Face Contouring Stick in Silhouette, Illamasqua, Rs 1,830
This subtle contouring gel can be applied straight from the bullet or using a blusher brush along the jawline and under cheekbones. Use underneath foundation for a more subtle look. Step-by-Step Contour Stick Trio, Smashbox, Rs 2,910
If you find pencils easier to work than powders, this Smashbox contour trio is a great choice. The pencils are easy to blend and correct, meaning you can create shadow and highlights in an instant. Cocoa Contour highlighting kit, Too Faced, Rs 2,660
This quad of contouring bronzers offers two sculpting shades, one matte highlighter and one luminous finishing powder. The included Buki Brush is easy to use and makes contouring on the go a doddle.
This article originally appeared on Glamourmagazine.co.uk
HUNTSVILLE, Ont. — John Epping isn't letting any time go to waste.
Late Friday afternoon, after the final game on the ice had finished and the crowd headed out of the Canada Summit Centre and into a Muskoka night, Epping and his team stayed on the ice and snuck in a 20-minute practice.
“It was a pretty busy day having to play two extra games,” Epping said. “I have to be honest. I'm pretty well spent.”
The popular Toronto skip learned the reality of the new triple-knockout format at the Ontario men's curling championships. After losing the A-event final to Glenn Howard on Thursday, Epping moved to the B event. Epping spent the morning beating Joe Frans of Oakville 9-6. Then in the afternoon, he defeated Mark Kean of Woodstock 8-5 to advance to Saturday's Page 1-2 game.
“It's nice to get the night off and we don't have to play in the afternoon. So we get to relax a bit.” Epping said.
Epping, third Matt Camm, second Patrick Janssen, and lead Tim March from Toronto's Leaside Curling Club, started taking control in the fifth end, holding Kean to one. In the sixth, Kean missed a freeze attempt, allowing Epping a hit for three and a 5-3 lead. Epping would steal one in the seventh then after allowing Kean to steal one in the ninth, he scored two in the tenth to seal the win.
“We took control after they had the hammer and got two,” he said. “I was pretty happy with the afternoon.”
A regular on the Grand Slam circuit, Epping is hoping to finally get past the Ontario Tankard hump and get to the Brier in his 12th try. His team has struggled this season. That was evident at the Olympic Trials in Ottawa in December where he finished with a 2-6 record.
“We just had so much focus on the Olympic trials but we weren't at our best,” he said. “We're just grinding things out.”
His reward for winning both of his games yesterday is a second game against Howard, who got the entire Friday off by winning his first three games.
“I expected that we might have to play three times this week,” he said.
Kean, who defeated Mark Bice earlier in the day, lost 7-5 to Cody Maus in one of the C event finals. Maus, from the Highland Country Club in
London, took control with steals in the fifth and sixth ends.
In the other C final, Sebastien Robillard of Ottawa defeated Bice 5-3. Robillard scored two in the fourth and held on. Maus and Robillard will meet in the Page 3-4 game on Saturday.
Madonna has dared to bare her boobs again at 58.
The pop superstar has boldly flashed her nipples for a risque Vogue Italia cover shoot taken by Stephen Klein.
The provocative star shared a shot from the shoot on Instagram of the magazine's Polaroid issue on Monday.
In the photo the bra-less singer wears a sheer black top and she added a caption honoring Franca Sozzani, the late editor-in-chief of Vogue Italia, who died in December.
“So lucky to have worked on the last issue of Italian Vogue with the amazing and inspiring Franca Sozzani,” she wrote.
The stunning new photo dropped just days after Madonna confirmed reports she had adopted twins Esther and Stella in Malawi. She brought them back to New York for the first time last week.
Madonna reportedly began the adoption process two years ago.
Meanwhile, she celebrated Valentine's Day on Tuesday by posting a video of herself singing a Valentine's version of the Happy Birthday tune, which many fans felt sure was intended for her rumored boyfriend Aboubakar Soumahoro.
She captioned the video: “Sick Girl in bed in Her nightgown. Not sung well but done with (heart emoji)! Happy Valentine's Day!!”
Source:: WENN – Blog
Spread Love: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
Google
More
Email
The Last Eight features four sides that haven't won a World Cup, plus England, which hasn't won a major tournament since 1966, the year it hosted. Here's what we know: At least one of Russia, Croatia, Sweden or England will play in the final at Luzhniki Stadium on July 15. That alone adds intrigue. The question now, though, is which of these eight sides have the best chance of reaching the semifinal stage of what has been a wildly entertaining tournament:
URUGUAY VS. FRANCE
TALKING POINT: Uruguay's Edinson Cavani has been the most dynamic No. 9 at this tournament. But a calf injury suffered in a 2-1 win over Portugal leaves his inclusion in doubt. The PSG striker's exclusion could tip the scales for France.
WHY URUGUAY WINS: I don't think they can if Cavani doesn't play. If he does, however, it provides Luis Suarez far more space to operate. The South Americans are obviously good enough up front, but it's the defensive pairing of Diego Godin and Jose Gimenez that has been as good as any centreback tandem at this World Cup. While Uruguay might not possess the big names in midfield, it has big players in important positions. I wouldn't pick Uruguay to win this fixture. But I'd also find it difficult to bet against a side that shows up at every major tournament.
WHY FRANCE WINS: We've yet to see the best of a French side that has everything trending in its favour. Les Bleus are healthy, they have a complete roster and have been in so many big moments since 2016 it just feels like they'll be more prepared for this occasion. The French are winning games despite their strikers — Olivier Giroud and Antoine Griezmann — hardly combining at this tournament. You get the feeling this France team hasn't come close to peaking. When you factor in Kylian Mbappe's form, you have to think France should get to the Final Four.
ADVANTAGE: France
BRAZIL VS. BELGIUM
TALKING POINT: Brazil's Neymar continues to be mocked for his incessant play-acting. Yet he's also been Brazil's top player in back-to-back games. Makes you wonder what we'll be talking about after this one.
WHY BRAZIL WINS: It's difficult — maybe impossible — to spot a weakness in a Brazilian team that probably has the most dynamic front-four attackers in the tournament. Aside from Neymar, Willian has been one of the best wide players in Russian, while Philippe Coutinho is the best remaining attacking midfielder at this World Cup. We've yet to see the best from Gabriel Jesus in what was supposed to be his breakout tournament. But what I like most about this Brazilian team is its ability to defend. Centrebacks Miranda and Thiago Silva have been excellent, while Brazil's set defending has given almost nothing away at this tournament.
WHY BELGIUM WINS: Brazil has yet to meet a side at this tournament with the number of difference-makers Belgium brings into this match. Romelu Lukaku presents something different and Belgium's two wide players — Eden Hazard and Dries Mertens — offer more than Mexico's Hirving Lozano and Carlos Vela. The question for head coach Roberto Martinez is whether he'll move to a more defensive posture. If he does, the Belgians have enough to stymie Brazil's attack and hit back on the counter.
ADVANTAGE: Brazil
RUSSIA VS. CROATIA
TALKING POINT: The hosts have captured the hearts of a nation. Nobody thought they'd make it this far. Is it possible they'll make the Last Four?
WHY RUSSIA WINS: After watching Russia take down a naive and arrogant Spanish team, who's to say Russia can't beat anyone on this side of the bracket? What we know is this Russian side is more than willing to sit back in two blocks of five and grind for 90 minutes or more. Goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev is playing well enough to keep the hosts in games. And man-mountain striker Artem Dzyuba seems to be on the end of everything played into the box. The key for Russian coach Stanislav Cherchesov will be convincing his side it needs to play the same way it did against Spain. They're just not good enough to go toe-to-toe with Croatia.
WHY CROATIA WINS: The Croatians are just as balanced as Brazil or England — and might have the best box-to-box midfield tandem in Luka Modric and Ivan Rakitic. When you have two world-class players connecting things all over the park, you have a chance to go far. While I'd argue this Croatia team isn't on Brazil's or England's level right now, the structure coach Zlatko Dalic has implemented should see them reach a semifinal.
ADVANTAGE: CROATIA
SWEDEN VS. ENGLAND
TALKING POINT: Is football “coming home?”
WHY SWEDEN WINS: This Swedish team takes pride in its defending. It drops behind the ball better than anyone at this tournament and doesn't take chances in its own third. What's most notable about the Scandinavians is their insistence that mentality and mindset ultimately are what give them a chance in every game. Their mindset is that “our structure, our collective mentality, our belief” can see us through any occasion. There's no reason not to believe them after watching them outlast the Netherlands, Italy, Germany and Mexico just to reach this point. The Swedes have a decent record against England. They're going to fancy themselves to stymie an England side that might not have the ingenuity to break them down.
WHY ENGLAND WINS: You get the feeling this is an England team that's not going to be as naive as Sweden's previous opponents. Coach Gareth Southgate isn't about to let that happen. Having watched England's momentous win over Colombia on Tuesday night in Moscow, it just seems like The Three Lions are completely engaged and peaking at the right time. England's back line has been impressive and Jordan Henderson's leadership, energy and engagement in midfield were noticeable from where I was sitting. This is the most well-prepared England team I've seen. And The Three Lions are battle-tested after an extremely hard-fought Round of 16 fixtures. Football might not be “coming home,” but it's going one more game after this.
ADVANTAGE: England
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla. — An Oklahoma man was arrested early Saturday after he attempted to detonate what he thought was an explosives-laden van next to an Oklahoma City bank, federal prosecutors say.
According to a criminal complaint filed in the Western District of Oklahoma yesterday, the FBI arrested 23-year-old Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre after he attempted to detonate the device, which was actually inert. The complaint says Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, because he was upset with the government. Varnell allegedly claimed to embrace the “Three Percenter” ideology, referring to a far-right anti-government group.
The FBI was tipped off to the plot by a confidential informant and sent undercover agents posing as someone who could help him, the complaint says.
Varnell allegedly claimed to have experience making small bombs, but was convinced by an undercover agent, posing as an explosives expert nicknamed “Professor,” that the agent should provide the supplies. Ultimately, officials say Varnell was provided with faux bomb making materials. Varnell was monitored closely for months as the alleged bomb plot developed during a long-term domestic terror investigation, federal prosecutors say.
Varnell allegedly later identified BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City as his target, according to federal prosecutors. When asked why he switched to BancFirst instead of the government building he originally planned, he said, “Well I don't wanna kill a bunch of people,” the complaint said.
Varnell allegedly referenced the movie “Fight Club” when he discussed wanting to “take down a government facility or other structures.”
The complaint says Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on social media after the explosion, helped assemble what he thought was the explosive device, and helped load it into what he believed was a stolen van. Varnell then allegedly drove the van to BancFirst, parked it in an alley next to the building and dialed a number on a cellphone he believed would trigger the explosion.
In a statement released to CBS affiliate KWTV, BancFirst officials said they were cooperating with the FBI.
“At no time were employees, customers or the general public ever in any danger,” the statement said. “We believe our BancFirst downtown Oklahoma City building was a random and convenient selection by the suspect.”
Varnell is charged with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. If convicted, he would face a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison. He was expected to make an initial appearance in federal court Monday afternoon.
Congratulations millennials, you've done it! We have collectively elected a Prime Minister who is young, cool, and hip and when he flashes that winning smile while uttering the word “feminist” I'm sure there's many of you whose hearts grow three sizes. I'm also positive that many of you voted for him because of that Liberal Party promise to legalize marijuana. This article was supposed to be about the effect that the legalization of cannabis would have on university campuses, specifically SMU, but instead here I am talking about the PM. Why? Well, long story short, it's because Canadians have been left in the dark as to when or really how this major change in Canadian way of life is going to come about until this week.
The task force that Trudeau put together as one of his first acts as Prime Minister finished its report, including over 80 recommendations, at the end of November 2016. So when the Federal 2017 budget dropped last week and the only mention of marijuana was a recommitment of $9.6 million to support “public education and surveillance activities in advance of legalization.” This is not what people were hoping for. But then, SURPRISE, Trudeau releases a timeline citing that by Canada Day 2018, you will be able to celebrate using more than just Molson Canadian and fireworks.
Trudeau is rumoured to drop the legislation in the House of Commons on 4/20 and he will undoubtedly be the hero at the end of the movie, only instead of all the girls who normally swoon over the main guy, its stoners. Politically speaking, this might be his saving grace. If the Trudeau government can pull this off, it will be a big part of the 2019 election as a promise that Trudeau kept and his campaign team will utilize it as much as possible. Also, with the projected numbers this could allow the Trudeau Government to clean up his quite sizeable deficit as estimates from the parliamentary budget officer says that tax revenue could increase anywhere from $618 – $959 million within the first year.
The most concerning question in regards to this legislation is the age limitation. Officially, the government says that cannabis in Canada will be for those 18 and over with the provinces having the ability to raise it if they feel necessary. This is worrisome as many of the negative side effects of marijuana use, such as psychosis and addiction to harder drugs, normally happen to those who use cannabis prior to their brain developing fully and at 18, the brain is not fully developed. This is also an issue as mental health services, specifically in the Maritime Provinces, are not working now let alone if more people experience mental health issues due to a national increase in cannabis use.
All we can hope for is some more answers at this point, until then keep supporting your local dealer because those days are coming to an end real quick. #ThanksTrudeau
Erika Macdonald,
Editor-in-Chief
The puppy, Thor, is living the good life since he was rescued in front of an apartment complex in Kewanee last month.
He was able to dip his puppy toes in the pool this weekend at the Northeast Park "End of Season Dog Swim".
Jennifer Russell with Ince Photography took these photos and says Thor loves all the attention. Russell says he hated the water at first, but once he got swimming, he had fun.
The Kewanee Police Department has charged a 17-year-old with aggravated animal cruelty after Thor was found with his throat cut multiple times.
Cebu Pacific has taken delivery of its third ATR 72-600 High Capacity aircraft. It is the first ATR 72-600 to be delivered this year and also the first in the airline's fleet to have Expliseat, the world's lightest aircraft seat, installed. The lighter seat is expected to help decrease fuel burn while allowing the carriage of more guests and cargo on board. The Titanium Seat is a technological breakthrough registered under 16 patents, made of ultralight materials such as titanium and carbon composite resources. “We are glad to take delivery of another brand-new ATR 72-600, especially since this is the first to have the titanium seats from Expliseat installed. This aircraft therefore combines reduced seat costs while optimizing comfort for passengers,” said Alexander Lao, President and CEO of Cebgo. “Furthermore, this latest order allows us to fulfill our commitment in increasing inter-island connectivity, while offering our unbeatable low fares through this aircraft's fuel efficiency.” This brand-new ATR 72-600 will be utilized on two new routes which Cebu Pacific will launch 15 February 2017, namely Manila to Masbate and Manila to Tablas. The delivery of the other 13 ATR 72-600's over the next few years will be used to support CEB's expansion plans in the archipelago. It now services 37 domestic destinations, flying out of six hubs in Manila, Cebu, Clark, Iloilo, Kalibo and Davao. Cebu Pacific also offers flights to 29 international destinations, covering an extensive network that spans Asia, Australia, the Middle East, and USA. Today, Cebu Pacific operates one of the youngest and most modern aircraft fleets in the world with an average age of 4.92 years. The current 58-strong fleet comprises of four Airbus A319, 36 Airbus A320, seven Airbus A330, eight ATR 72-500, and three ATR 72- 600 aircraft. Between 2017 and 2021, CEB expects delivery of one more brand-new Airbus A330, 32 Airbus A321neo, and 13 ATR 72-600 aircraft.
See other recent news regarding: Cebu Pacific, ATR, Philippines.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has no chance of taking part in next year's presidential election because of a previous conviction for embezzlement, the head of Russia's election commission told TV Rain late on Wednesday.
MOSCOW: Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has no chance of taking part in next year's presidential election because of a previous conviction for embezzlement, the head of Russia's election commission told TV Rain late on Wednesday.
Navalny, an outspoken critic of President Vladimir Putin, has said he wants to run for the presidency in March 2018. Putin, who has dominated Russia's political landscape for 17 years, is widely expected to run for what would be his fourth term, but has yet to confirm he will do so.
Navalny has become the most prominent opposition challenger after organising some of the biggest anti-Kremlin protests in years, seeking to leverage public anger over what he says is grotesque official corruption to boost his popularity.
But he suffered a setback in February when a court handed him a suspended five-year jail term for embezzlement in a case he said was trumped up to frustrate his presidential bid.
Ella Pamfilova, the head of the Central Election Commission, told TV Rain late on Wednesday that the conviction meant a presidential run by Navalny was out of the question.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I am afraid to be discourteous," said Pamfilova. "But I understand - and he understands himself - that he has no chance of being registered for the election due to his previous conviction."
Her comments, made days after Navalny organised another big anti-Kremlin protest, follow those of another senior election official who last month said Navalny would have to overturn his embezzlement conviction to be able to run.
Leonid Volkov, a Navalny ally, said he thought the authorities were bluffing.
"The more they say this, the greater my certainty that there will be no other option but for them to register him," Volkov said on social media.
For now, opinion polls show Navalny would be defeated by Putin, 64, by a wide margin if he did run. But Navalny, a 41-year-old lawyer, has embarked upon a campaign he hopes will improve his chances by harnessing the Internet and by making frequent visits to the provinces where he is less known.
He is currently serving out a 30-day jail sentence after a judge found him guilty of repeatedly violating the law on organising public meetings following big June 12 protests.
(Reporting by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
By Marty Nathan and Jomarie Ramirez
On Friday, Sept. 28, San Juan, Puerto Rico Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz Soto took a break from personal house-to-house relief efforts through contaminated floodwaters to complain publicly of the slow and ineffectual US response to disastrous Hurricane Maria.
She pleaded, "I am begging, begging anyone that can hear us, to save us from dying." The next day Donald Trump answered from his New Jersey golf course that she was a weak leader and blamed her and her fellow islanders for "wanting everything to be done for them."
She was right; he was dead wrong. The aid effort has been disastrously sluggish and inadequate. The former head of Hurricane Katrina relief stated that the Maria response had started four days too late.
Others have said, rightfully, that plans should have made and implementation begun before the storm hit. As we write (early in the week of Oct. 2-8) there are still only 4,500 National Guard on the island, 43 Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) officials (already stationed since previous Hurricane Irma), and 52 helicopters and two amphibious assault ships performing relief and rescue.
The hospital ship USNS Comfort is still on its way, only launched last week, even though at this moment only one out of 64 Puerto Rican hospitals is fully functional to serve 3.4 million people.
No private aid has reached the territory. The 1920-era Jones Act blocked relief from nearby nations unscathed by the storm. President Trump initially defended the law which prevents the docking of any but US ships in the island's ports. In normal times, the Jones Act has placed an onerous burden on this impoverished people, often doubling prices on goods originating outside the US, as they had first to be shipped to a mainland port, then reshipped to the island.
Finally, eight days after the disaster, in the face of Congressional and local outrage, the Trump Administration waived Jones Act restrictions, but only for ten days, not nearly long enough to serve the island's needs.
The insufficient response has led to the humanitarian crisis declaimed by Mayor Cruz. Only half the population has access to drinking water. Ninety percent have no electricity or functioning cell phones. People with life-threatening diseases are without medicines and the injured without treatment. Food is rotting. Roads are still blocked. Sanitation is lacking and the threat of widespread infection hovers.
Despite Trump's tweets, protection, rescue, relief, and long-term repair are up to our federal government. Puerto Ricans and occupants of the U.S. Virgin Islands are American citizens. They perform military service and are subject to federal law. Yet because they have no voting representation in Congress or unlike the District of Columbia, in the electoral college, and they have little power in Washington.
Now, looking ahead at Puerto Rico's relief and future rebuilding, two lessons must be learned and factored into the plans: First, the 155-mph winds and 20 to 30 inches of rain inflicted on the island were the result of climate change which has heated the Caribbean and turned tropical storms into megastorms.
Second, much of the vulnerability to those high winds, pounding waves and toxic flooding in the US colony is attributable to poverty, neglect of infrastructure and the use of the island as a dumping ground by U.S. corporations and our military.
The rebuilding will be long and hard, with many experts declaring that electricity will not reach the island for months. Farms, houses, roads, bridges and industry will need restoration and spilled pollution cleaned up.
The first question we must ask is, will the federal government do enough? Experts are suggesting it may cost more than $100 billion for relief and rebuilding, but excuses have already surfaced. Politicians are pitting the demands of mainland communities after Hurricane Harvey against those of the island territories. But this is not a zero-sum game: the needs of all should be met.
Second, what kind of rebuilding will be done? Puerto Rico has depended entirely on imported gas, oil (including particularly-polluting bunker oil) and coal for its energy needs. This system is expensive and as recent events have demonstrated, vulnerable to disruption by extreme weather events.
In Florida, those communities with solar power withstood the electrical outage created by Hurricane Irma. Will Puerto Rico be rebuilt sustainably, not just with improved and hardier bridges, dams, roads, buildings and electrical grid, but with cheaper, more plentiful and locally-sourced renewables, particularly solar?
Third, who will benefit? The repair after Hurricane Katrina was characterized by privatization, taking publicly-owned and small-holder land, structures and services and selling them to the highest bidder, almost always large corporate interests seeking profit, not community welfare.
There is already pressure on Puerto Rico to privatize the electric utility, as happened before with the phone company and the airport. Will Maria be the excuse for sealing the electricity deal? How about schools that need rebuilding, dams and bridges, flooded farms? Will financial vultures gather to pick over the remnants of debt and climate chaos?
(This reminds us of Mr. Trump's previous intimate and disastrous contact with the island. The now-defunct Trump International Golf Club Puerto Rico went bankrupt in the recession, leaving Puerto Rican taxpayers with a $32.7 million debt.)
On the ground in many communities, people are working together to survive, sharing dwindling food supplies and fresh water in a manner characteristic of this tight-knit society. The diaspora on the mainland has been united to provide the needed response and to critique Trumpian policy.
This is becoming an opportunity to re-examine Puerto Rico's relationship to the U.S. Specifically, there is a call to strike down the Jones Act, and Sen. John McCain has written such a bill for Congress.
More and more people are demanding relief from the debt to Wall Street and repeal of the Promesa Act that has inflicted financial austerity on the island. We think this would be a just approach to the issue of compensation for climate change- and neglect-induced hurricane disasters. We believe that reparations are due.
People of good will should use this moment to implement in real time the compelling concept of climate justice, that those least responsible for the crisis should not shoulder the burden of its consequences.
Marty Nathan is a family practitioner at Baystate Brightwood Health Center and on the steering committee of the Springfield Climate Justice Coalition. Jomarie Ramirez was born in Puerto Rico, is a board member of the Puerto Rican Cultural Center and a staff assistant at Baystate Brightwood Health.
The Cubs and Nationals meet in the NLDS and their prolific offenses should make for an interesting series. (0:45)
It's baseball nirvana: The one day we're guaranteed four playoff games. The setup is a little weird. The American League Division Series games will be played first, meaning they'll have two games in the books before the National League even plays. And how's this for some big names on the mound: We have four former Cy Young winner starters, plus maybe the hottest pitcher on the planet.
So, who is is playing today? Everyone! The Boston Red Sox and Houston Astros begin the day in Houston at 2 p.m. ET, followed by the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians in Cleveland at 5 p.m. Then it's the NL's turn -- the Chicago Cubs and Washington Nationals open their series in D.C. at 7:30, and the Arizona Diamondbacks visit the Los Angeles Dodgers in the late game from Los Angeles at 10:30.
The most important thing of the day: One of those former Cy Young winners starting is not Max Scherzer, who tweaked his hamstring in his final start of the regular season, and Dusty Baker decided to play it safe and push Scherzer back to Game 3. That decision was easier to make because Stephen Strasburg posted a 0.86 ERA over his final 10 regular-season starts with seven scoreless outings.
If you're going to watch only one game, tune in for: Clayton Kershaw on the mound at Dodger Stadium, the best the Dodgers have. His postseason career has been part Shakespearian tragedy. He's due, right?
ALDS Game 2: Red Sox at Astros (Astros lead 1-0)
Drew Pomeranz (17-6, 3.32) vs. Dallas Keuchel (14-5, 2.90), 2 ET (Fox Sports)
The stakes: Jose Altuve became the ninth player (Babe Ruth did it twice) in postseason history with a three-homer game in Houston's 8-2 win in Game 1, so the Red Sox need a win to avoid the dreaded 2-0 disadvantage. Pomeranz allowed one run in six innings against Houston in the final series of the regular season, but with David Price available in long relief and a 1-0 series deficit, John Farrell has no choice but to have a quick hook with Pomeranz if he gets into trouble.
If the Astros win: They're looking good as they turn to secret weapon Brad Peacock in Game 3 (most likely; A.J. Hinch hasn't officially announced his starter). Peacock was 8-0 with a 2.88 ERA on the road.
If the Red Sox win: They should be happy to go back to Fenway with a split. If you get another split, it's probably a Chris Sale-Justin Verlander rematch in Game 5, and you'll take your chance with that, even as poorly as Sale pitched in Game 1.
One key stat to know: Keuchel is the most extreme ground-ball starter in the game with a 68 percent ground-ball rate, but the Red Sox were third in the majors in OPS against Baseball-Reference designation of ground-ball pitchers (compared to 25th against fly ball pitchers).
The matchup that matters most: We have to go Altuve versus Pomeranz. Altuve's home runs came on an 0-2 fastball, 0-0 fastball and 1-1 changeup. During the regular season, Altuve hit .381/.441/.629 against fastballs in the upper half of the zone. Pomeranz throws his fastball in the upper half 74 percent of the time. So ...
The prediction: Keuchel scuffled a bit after coming off the disabled list, but looked much better in September. The Boston lineup just doesn't feel that imposing right now, and Keuchel shuts down the running game. Look for him to pitch a solid game and for Altuve to hit another homer, as the Astros win 5-3.
ALDS Game 2: Yankees at Indians (Indians lead 1-0)
The BC Prosecution Service is reassessing eight charges, including attempted murder, against 45-year-old Afshin Maleki Ighani after the shooting victim passed away.
Ighani was charged with attempted murder, uttering threats, use of a firearm in the commission of an offence and possession of a firearm contrary to a prohibition order after allegedly shooting Thomas Szajko in an Oliver home on April 19th.
Ighani is accused of fleeing the scene before hijacking a vehicle and holding a woman hostage in an attempt to escape.
Ighani was the subject of a Canada-wide warrant.
READ MORE: Oliver shooting suspect has lengthy criminal past, ordered deported from Canada
After a lengthy police chase, Ighani was arrested near the Deblyn Mobile Home Park in Princeton on April 22.
“Mr. Ighani attempted to flee the vehicle, abandoning the vehicle and the female,” said Cpl. Dan Moskaluk at the time of the incident. “Mr. Ighani did not get very far. We had a police service dog also in the area. The dog was able to track Mr. Ighani to a wooded area.”
The shooting victim, Thomas Szakjo, passed away on December 1, but it appears to be unrelated to the gunshot wound, which was described as non-life-threatening at the time.
His obituary said the 49-year-old “passed away suddenly at his home” but the cause of death has not been revealed publicly.
Szajko was a key witness in the Crown's case against Ighani.
Without his testimony, the Crown fears it may not have a strong enough case to proceed.
READ MORE: Afshin Maleki Ighani arrested on Canada-wide warrant for attempted murder
The BC Prosecution Service said in a statement to Global News that it is now reviewing the evidence to determine if the charge assessment standard can still be met.
“Under the Charge Assessment Guidelines, charges will only be approved or continued where Crown Counsel is satisfied that the evidence gathered by the investigative agency provides a substantial likelihood of conviction and, if so, that a prosecution is required in the public interest,” said the statement from Dan McLaughlin, Communications Counsel for the BC Prosecution Service.
“If, at any point, the prosecutor concludes that the evidentiary standard is no longer met or that a prosecution is no longer required in the public interest a prosecution cannot proceed,” the statement said.
When reached by phone, Szajko's wife Michelle said she was shocked to learn of the review and felt “it's wrong” as there is no question in her mind that the attempted murder charge should stand.
Szajko is described in his obituary as a roofer who enjoyed hunting and antique picking.
He leaves behind his wife, three children, two stepsons and a grandson.
It also states that Tom was awarded the Star of Courage from the Governor General.
“Mr. Szajko repeatedly entered a burning house to save six people in Oliver, British Columbia, on June 18, 1994. While driving by, he noticed a house on fire and immediately stopped, ran to the house and kicked open the front door. After helping five of the occupants out of the building, he learned there was a woman still inside. Unsure of where she was, he entered several times to search for her in the dense smoke. Finally, he heard a call for help and was able to locate the woman. As he reached her, an explosion sent the two backwards. The heat and smoke increased in intensity, but Mr. Szajko was able to drag the severely burned woman to the door where others assisted in pulling her out.”
A funeral service will be held at 1:00 pm Wednesday December 13, 2017 at the Oliver Elks Hall.
Until the review is complete, the case continues to wind its way through the courts.
A preliminary inquiry is scheduled for December 18.
WATCH: Oliver shooting suspect has lengthy criminal past, ordered deported from Canada
BEIJING: China accused the United States of disrespecting Latin America after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned countries in the region against excessive reliance on economic ties with China.
Tillerson, in a speech ahead of a visit to Mexico, Argentina, Peru, Colombia and Jamaica, said China was getting a foothold in Latin America, using economic statecraft to pull the region into its orbit.
In a statement released late on Friday responding to Tillerson, China's Foreign Ministry said cooperation between China and Latin America is based on common interests and mutual needs.
"What the United States said is entirely against the truth and displayed disrespect to the vast number of Latin American countries," the ministry said.
Cooperation between China and Latin American countries is based on equality, reciprocity, openness and inclusiveness, it added.
"China is a major international buyer of Latin American bulk commodities, and imports more and more agricultural and high value-added products from the region," the ministry said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
China's investment in and financial cooperation with Latin American countries are in full accordance with commercial rules and local laws and regulations, it added.
"The development of China-Latin America ties does not target or reject any third party, nor does it affect the interests of third parties in Latin America," the ministry said.
"We hope that relevant countries abandon outdated concepts of zero-sum games and look at the development of China-Latin America relations in an open and inclusive manner."
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi visited Chile last month for a summit with Latin American and Caribbean countries, where he invited them to join China's massive Belt and Road infrastructure programme.
Separately, the U.S. Treasury's top economic diplomat, David Malpass, on Friday accused China of enabling poor governance in Venezuela by propping up the socialist government of President Nicolas Maduro through murky oil-for-loan investments.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Context matters.
It's one of the basic tenets of journalism, but it's worth recalling this week, a week in which Megyn Kelly is set to give a platform to a man who cast doubts on the awful (and irrefutable) facts of the Sandy Hook murders. Yesterday there was an attempt to clamp down on the activities of journalists interviewing members of Congress inside the Capitol, even as a crucial (and secret) bill is under consideration. Also this week: Incoming member of Congress Greg Gianforte was sentenced to zero jail time after physically assaulting a reporter in front of witnesses.
(Here's a hypothetical for you: Would there have been no jail time — only community service and anger management classes — if any reporter had ever violently body-slammed a politician in full view of witnesses? No, I don't think so either.)
This is to say nothing of the reporters who have been arrested, publicly castigated, and blocked at almost every turn by a president and an administration that wants its dealings to remain secret. These are things that happen in autocratic states.
The press is not perfect, but we need reporters who do good and necessary work more than ever. And despite enormous roadblocks in their paths, despite the long, increasingly difficult hours spent just trying to do their jobs, most reporters are doing their level best to serve the public.
Then there's Megyn Kelly.
There are a few contexts in which her interview with Alex Jones exists. First of all, there's absolutely no reason to believe that Jones won't run the table on her, as Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump have done in the past. Far from giving them the kind of rigorous grilling both deserve, when Kelly interviewed these powerful men — the Putin “get” was the centerpiece of the debut of her new NBC newsmagazine — she instead gave them platforms to spread their particular brands of misinformation, blather and self-serving spin.
Then there's the context of the advance hype for the interview, in which Kelly posed for a friendly photo with Jones, and bantered with him in a promotional clip. These things indicate that on-screen time with Kelly will merely humanize InfoWars' Jones, whose views are actively hurtful to Sandy Hook parents, who have criticized NBC's decision to air the Jones piece.
Two more bits of context: Kelly's new “Sunday Night” program is all over the map tonally, but in its first two airings, it has not exactly been hard-hitting. And yet advertisers are already pulling out of the program over the Jones flap.
Finally, we have the context called reality, in which anyone who follows the news already knows who Alex Jones is. We know that he's exponentially increased the pain of victims' family members by peddling nonsensical and bizarre conspiracy theories about the Sandy Hook massacre. He's said that it was “staged” by “actors”; he's called it “a giant hoax” and “fake.” In the “Sunday Night” promo reel, he calls Sept. 11 “an inside job.”
What additional information do any of us need about Jones? Isn't that enough? If any more context is necessary, he's also admitted in divorce proceedings to be a “performance artist” who peddles ridiculous and damaging views in large part to make money and gain more fame. Of course it's likely that Kelly will ask him about that “performance artist” description, but what's the value in setting him up to spin his odious statements to make himself look better? I can't see any. Even Jones himself has called on NBC to cancel the piece — the kind of statement that is routine for his brand of outrage theater. Less usual, and much more sickening, is him blaming the media for the terrible Alexandria, Va., shooting that took place Wednesday.
All in all, there are precious few indications that Kelly's piece will “shine a light” on an important topic, as she's protested. It certainly looks like Kelly will, in an attempt to hype her own brand in her new gig, be the latest person in the media industry to help normalize Jones and his cynical brand of dangerous opportunism, more or less on his terms. More people will know who Jones is after “Sunday Night” airs — that's all he likely wants, and Kelly and NBC are simply giving that to him.
In a recent column, Margaret Sullivan at the Washington Post makes the reasonable point that if coverage of Jones was part of an insightful and hard-hitting report on the rise of the alt-right and greedy conspiracy-theory salesmen, that might justify talking to him. But from what we've seen of Kelly's interview, it's not intended as a context-filled trend piece. It looks like a standard Q&A, and it's far from clear that this segment will fully and completely place Jones within the context of the rise of various “truther” movements, and as part of an alternate media structure that efficiently spews and foments lies, bigotry, and hate. The Kelly piece may surprise me, but I've got plenty of evidence working against that theory at the moment.
To be clear, those engaging in lies and hate speech can be covered well, and sometimes this kind of coverage is necessary. When it comes to providing balance, CNN does not always cover itself in glory — like most media outlets, at times it seems determined to “both sides” the nation into the abyss. But the network's “United Shades of America” presents just one example of how to cover a reality-trampling hate-monger in a way that does not demean the network or the correspondent — or the truth.
On the season premiere of “United Shades,” host W. Kamau Bell interviewed white nationalist Richard Spencer, but that exchange took up less than five minutes of an hour in which Bell also interviewed immigrants, politicians, and citizens on the topics of migration and race. Spencer's was just one voice among many, and at no point did Bell look like he was doing freelance P.R. for the neo-Nazi movement.
Context and approach not only matter, they provide the difference between merely giving someone a platform and stringently examining and questioning the pillars that hold up that platform. This Sunday on Kelly's show, there's little reason to hope that the latter will occur.
The best thing for NBC News to do at this point would just be to pull the interview. That's the truth.
A driver is facing several charges including impaired driving after a pedestrian was run over by a pickup truck in Calmar, Alta. early Sunday morning.
RCMP said witnesses describe seeing a pedestrian trying to stop a suspected impaired driver of a pickup truck after the truck was involved in a minor collision.
The driver of the truck fled the scene with the victim holding onto the vehicle before he fell to the ground and was run over by the driver who didn't stop, police said.
The pedestrian suffered injuries to his mid-section and was taken to the University of Alberta hospital by ambulance.
Zachary Dingman, 30, was charged with impaired operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm, failure to stop or remain at an accident and criminal negligence causing bodily harm.
The incident happened at about 1:50 a.m. in the area of 51 Street and 47 Avenue.
Calmar is a town located about 18 kilometres west of Leduc.
Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin and Trump defender Ann Coulter were as far apart as possible as they signed their books at the East Hampton Library fund-raiser on Saturday — but it had nothing to with their antithetical politics.
“We try to break up the well-known people who will create bottlenecks,” said a spokeswoman for the event. “It worked out well for everyone. I don't think their paths crossed at all.”
“It was a glorious day in the center of the plebeian resistance, and I emerged unscathed!” Coulter, who was signing “In Trump We Trust” under the watch of her bodyguard, told me.
Holly Peterson took a break from signing copies of her novel “It Happens in the Hamptons” to meet Coulter.
“I shook her hand and asked her who she was just to annoy her,” Peterson said. “She handled it mildly well.” But Coulter may have been less cordial when two others played the same trick.
Peterson said the gambit is “a good elegance monitor — especially good when you are seated next to a megalomaniac at a dinner party.”
The most striking of the 100 authors in the steamy tent was interior decorator Peter Marino in his trademark black-leather ensemble, complete with biker cap. The dark fetish outfit stood out in the sea of light pastels.
Notable among the 2,000 guests were shod designer Steve Madden, actress Tovah Feldshuh, Gov. George Pataki, architect Peter Cook, candy mogul Dylan Lauren and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand.
Using warm water and shaving slowly can help you keep razor bumps at bay, say experts.Preeti Seth, Cosmetologist, Pachouli Wellness Clinic, and Prabhu Mishra, Senior Cosmetologist from SCI International Hospital, list some tips to keep in mind while shaving.* Firstly hydrate to minimise the nicks, cuts and irritation -- Hydrating softens your hair allowing the razor to glide more easily.* Take a steamy shower. Warm water softens both your hair and skin, reducing tension as your razor blade cuts your scruff.* Use old method of shaving through brush and making lather instead of foam for few days as bristles of brush will help in scrubbing the pores.* Use a face wash or scrub to remove oil, dirt and dead skin.* One must moisturise the skin after shaving as dryness leads to split heads and itching.* Another reason of razor burn is dull blades. Replace your razor, if you feel any tugging while shaving, ditch your razor and swap it for a new one.* Cucumber has anti-inflammatory and hydrating properties, plus it is high in vitamin K and C both of which are best known for their healing properties. Cut a few slices of cucumber and place them in the refrigerator for half an hour. Take out the slices from the refrigerated cucumber and rub on the affected skin for 10 minutes.* Olive oil has anti-inflammatory properties and helps in making the skin smooth. Simply mix one tablespoon of olive oil and five drops of tea tree oil in a bowl. Apply on the affected area using a cotton ball. Keep it on for 15 minutes and then rinse off with lukewarm water.* Yogurt also has antibacterial properties that can help in reducing inflammation and swelling. Simply, mix one tablespoon of plain yogurt with one and a half teaspoon of honey and apply on the affected area. Keep it on for 15 minutes and then wash the mixture off with warm water.
BOSTON -- Bruins veteran forward David Krejci appears set to return to the lineup Monday for Game 3 of Boston's first-round playoff series against the Senators.
Krejci, who missed the first two games of the series with an upper-body injury, participated in the Bruins' morning skate and worked on the line with wingers David Backes and Drew Stafford. Krejci also returned to his spot on the power-play unit. Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy said Krejci will take warm-ups before a final decision is made.
"I feel much better," Krejci said after the morning skate. "We'll see how [warm-ups] go tonight. I felt better yesterday and today I felt better than yesterday."
Krejci said it was disappointing to sit out the start of the series.
"After playing all 82 games you miss at least the first two games of the playoffs was disappointing, frustrating, but you have to work hard to get back at it and we've been doing that," he said. "I'm feeling better and we'll see how it goes tonight."
Boston's defensive core is also dealing with injuries, and the team recalled defensemen Tommy Cross and Matt Grzelcyk from its AHL affiliate in Providence.
Defenseman Colin Miller, who suffered a lower-body injury in Game 1, skated Sunday and Monday and is considered a game-time decision. If he's not available, it's likely Cross will be inserted into the lineup.
Defenseman Adam McQuaid (upper body) did not skate Monday and is listed as day-to-day. Cassidy also said there's no change in the status for Brandon Carlo (upper body) or Torey Krug (lower body).
"Our blue line looks a bit like a puzzle that we're piecing together," Cassidy said.
Forward Noel Acciari, who was injured the last weekend of the regular season, said he's ready to go and should return to the lineup for Game 3.
FORT MYERS, Fla. Do your fingers lock up in the morning and cause pain? You might have “trigger finger.”
Dr. Michael Kim discusses the medical condition and how to treat it.
Posted On October 6, 2017 By Mark White
So far there have been no arrests made in connection with the killing of three people at an eastern Whitley County residence nearly three weeks ago, but police feel they are making progress in the investigation.
First responders were quickly on the scene Wednesday morning, July 4, at 3rd Avenue and 11th Street South in Cranbrook, when two cars collided at the intersection. One car was flipped on its roof. Witness reports say the First Responders helped get the female driver out of the car, who seemed to have only minor injuries. Photo by Sheri Lord.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday intensified efforts to rally Middle Eastern countries against U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, setting up talks with Arab leaders beginning in Cairo.
CAIRO: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday intensified efforts to rally Middle Eastern countries against U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, setting up talks with Arab leaders beginning in Cairo.
Abbas will meet President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi of Egypt, which has been a key broker in past peace talks with Israel and between fighting Palestinian factions, before heading for Istanbul to give a speech, his office said.
Arab states condemned U.S. President Donald Trump's Jerusalem decision last week, and vowed to press international bodies to take action against it, without announcing any concrete measures.
"Daring Palestinian and Arab decisions are required in the coming stage, which is very important," Abbas's spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah told Palestinian official news agency WAFA.
World powers have warned the U.S. move will impede peace efforts in the decades-long Israeli-Palestinian conflict as anger spreads across the region.
Abbas will not meet Mike Pence during the U.S. Vice President's visit to the region later this month, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki said on Saturday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Egypt's top Muslim and Christian religious leaders also said they would not meet Pence.
Abbas is expected to make a statement after his meeting with Sisi, the Palestinian embassy in Cairo said, without giving details.
Egypt, along with Jordan a key U.S. ally in the region which has helped broker past peace deals and has good relations with Israel, has said the Jerusalem move undermines efforts to end the conflict.
It has also brokered reconciliation deals between Abbas's Fatah party and Gaza-based Islamist group Hamas, which called for a new uprising against Israel last week.
The planned handover of control of Gaza to the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority under the latest deal hit another delay on Sunday over "obstacles", a Hamas spokesman said, without elaborating.
Israel launched fresh air strikes in Gaza on Saturday in response to rocket fire from the enclave, where it fought a war in 2014 which killed more than 2,000 people, most of them civilians.
(Reporting by John Davison and Nidal al-Mughrabi in Gaza; Editing by Catherine Evans)
The hats were flying on the first two nights of the NHL season.
Connor McDavid, Alex Ovechkin, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in his team's season opener. It's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in his season opener in 100 years, since the NHL's first two games back in 1917.
Ovechkin's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa was the 18th of his career, most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time. Reigning MVP McDavid picked up his second already at age 20.
READ MORE: Connor McDavid's hat trick lifts Edmonton Oilers over Calgary Flames
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first, respectively, in franchise history for the Edmonton Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers in a season opener. Saad's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965.
READ MORE: NHL hopes stronger stand on slashing will ‘change player behaviour,' reduce injuries
The four players who scored three-plus goals in the league's first-ever games — Joe Malone of the Montreal Canadiens, Harry Hyland of the Montreal Wanderers, Cy Denneny of the Ottawa Senators and Reg Noble of the Toronto Arenas — were all alive more than 100 years before McDavid was born.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Trimble Inc:
* TRIMBLE ACQUIRES E-BUILDER TO EXPAND ITS CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS
* TRIMBLE INC - ‍E-BUILDER BUSINESS WILL BE REPORTED AS PART OF BUILDINGS AND INFRASTRUCTURE SEGMENT​
* TRIMBLE INC - ALL CASH PURCHASE PRICE OF $500 MILLION FOR DEAL WILL BE FINANCED THROUGH A NEW $300 MILLION CREDIT FACILITY AND CASH
* TRIMBLE INC - EXPECTS ACQUISITION TO BE ACCRETIVE TO 2019 NON-GAAP NET INCOME PER SHARE.
* TRIMBLE INC - TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO BE DILUTIVE TO TRIMBLE‘S Q1 NON-GAAP NET INCOME PER SHARE BY $0.01 PER SHARE
* TRIMBLE INC - TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO BE DILUTIVE TO FULL YEAR 2018 NON-GAAP NET INCOME PER SHARE BY $0.02 TO $0.03 PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Philip Kennicott: “This exhibition highlights problems far deeper than those raised by the all-too-successful blockbuster shows of the past. This isn't about managing success and finding the right balance between access for crowds and the integrity of the individual aesthetic experience. Rather, this is about the nature of experience itself, and whether museums want to reinforce an understanding of existence that is fractured, competitive, capitalistic and ultimately alienated from art.”
Apple has launched a new division focused on global music publishing. The division will be led by Elena Segal, who previously the director of iTunes International.
MBW hears that the new music publishing team at Apple Music will contain sub-divisions including Operations, Commercial, Publisher Relations and A&R. (The latter refers to assisting with the development of key songwriters, rather than signing talent directly.)
Segal has been with Apple since 2006, specializing in legal and licensing issues for the iTunes Store, including licensing needed to launch the store around the world. Since 2015, she has also performed similar duties related to Apple Music. Segal will be running her division from London.
This is seen as one of the first big moves by Apple Music's new head of worldwide operations, Oliver Schusser. Schusser is said to be placing a lot of value on artist discovery on the side of publishers and establishing better relationships between music publishers and Apple Music, the sort of relationships that artists and labels have enjoyed for years already.
(AP) – An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history has been charged with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
A complaint says unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where the attack was launched on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig of Arizona.
The complaint filed Friday in federal court in Phoenix says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition. He was charged shortly before holding a news conference Friday. He said he noticed nothing suspicious when he sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the attack that killed 58 people. Haig is a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years.
India, under the new Future Tour Programme (FTP), will play more matches in comparison to the previous FTP, and the games will be spread out evenly to handle players' workload management. The Indian cricket team might also probably play more Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is) between 2019 and 2023 as compared to the last cycle.
According to a report in Cricbuzz, the yet-to-be introduced FTP will feature 37 Tests, 67 ODIs and 54 T20Is as compared to the previous FTP which had 36 Tests, 73 ODIs and 18 T20Is. India will play 31 more games in the upcoming FTP.
The report also adds India, in a bid to attend to Virat Kohli's comments about player burnout due to frantic schedule, won't play matches outside the FTP. The decision means that the Indian team might not play inconsequential series like the ongoing one against Sri Lanka.
Having said that, BCCI are firm on not reducing the number of matches to reduce players' workload.
"You can't play less and earn more. That is never going to happen. Even if the schedule is more evenly distributed, players' workload would be more," a source was quoted as saying in the report.
The increased number of T20s will take a toll on the players but the BCCI seems to have no option with broadcasters suffering huge losses in Tests and ODIs. The shortest format of the game could boost BCCI's revenues.
BCCI's SGM will be held in New Delhi on Monday. Apart from the FTP, the Indian cricket board will also discuss the specifications of their new financial model and discuss the now-defunct Kochi Tuskers Kerala's compensation package.
0
Traveling is a bitch. Seats are getting smaller, prices are getting higher and waits are getting longer. You hustle to the airport, trudge through security, and spend hours in an overcrowded terminal with nothing but hundreds of grumpy travelers and overpriced food before cramming yourself in a metal tube with nothing but hundreds of grumpy travelers and overpriced food. There is, however, a saving grace: Glorious inflight entertainment. Nothing makes the time pass on an interminable flight like a few good movies, but there are some films you should never watch on a plane no matter how bored you get.
I travel pretty regularly for this job, and if there's one thing I've learned, it's that the whole ordeal goes a lot better when we make an effort to be considerate to the people around us. This takes a lot of forms – don't get shitfaced wasted, no manspreading, only one bag in the overhead, and don't watch movies that will obviously upset the people around you. So, what puts a movie on the no-fly list? Graphic violence, raunchy sex and, of course, depictions of horrifying plane crashes, among other things. Basically, anything like what's on the list below.
Hardaway is a four-time NBA All-Star and three-time All-NBA player who will be making his college coaching debut. He has been coaching for years with his own AAU program, Team Penny, and won his third straight Tennessee high school championship at Memphis East last weekend.
Sorry parents, but you can't scold your kids for giggling about passing gas anymore, since some of the most distinguished researchers in the world made the ultimate fart joke on Tuesday. Yup, at the storied, very, very proper University of Oxford in the United Kingdom, scientists made an important discovery about Uranus recently. Drumroll, please....it turns out that Uranus smells like farts.
I mean, do we even bother doing more research in space or is this the pinnacle of all science, ever? If Bart Simpson, your 5-year-old, or I hate to admit it, my very respectable self, have anything to say about it — we should just quit while we're ahead. Because Uranus apparently smells like farts.
That's never going to get old, ever. I mean, who is the lucky elementary school kid that gets to present this unsavory news to their class during the solar system unit? I want to be there for that report. Sure, other planets are cool. There could be life on Mars one day, Saturn has all those rings, and Jupiter might have 69 moons (hey, now, let's not get crass), but Uranus smells like farts? It's bathroom humor and a "dad joke," all at the same time. We've peaked when it comes to intergalactic humor. We can all go home now.
It's Hard Not To Laugh
It smells like a particularly stinky fart, too. Scientists have long speculated that the planet was made up of either ammonia or hydrogen sulfide, but they never had any proof, according to Gizmodo. The Oxford scientists used a super sensitive telescope on Mauna Kea, a volcano in Hawaii, to look at the light bouncing off of Uranus. Different compounds cast different kinds of light, so the researchers could measure their wavelengths, according to a press release accompanying the study.
It wasn't an easy job, according to Patrick Irwin, one of the lead researchers. If it weren't for the great telescope or the perfectly clear conditions of Mauna Kea, they wouldn't have definitive proof that the upper atmosphere was made up mostly of hydrogen sulfide, which is the same compound that wafts off of rotten eggs. So, now we know.
Irwin said in the same release, "If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds, they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions.”
It's also a silent but deadly fart smelling planet, adding injury to insult. Irwin noted in the release that humans would likely not make it up there anyway. "Suffocation and exposure in the negative 200 degrees Celsius atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen, helium, and methane would take its toll long before the smell,” he added. So, we'll likely never have to smell Uranus' farts.
Now before you start judging Uranus for being stinky, remember that it's not the only planet that's dealing it out. According to NASA, "The surface of Venus is not where you'd like to be, with temperatures that can melt lead, an atmosphere so thick it would crush you, and clouds of sulfuric acid that smell like rotten eggs to top it off."
You apparently also don't want to get a whiff of Mars, according to Space.com, and after the Apollo lunar landing, the astronauts found some of the particles and dust from the moon in their gear and it all smelled like "wet ashes in a fireplace, or spent gunpowder from a just-fired shotgun." So the moon doesn't smell like toots, but it doesn't smell good either.
So if we ever end up having to all live on Mars or in space, remember to bring your essential oils. Because it's rancid up there.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Double Up Dance, June 24, 10:30 a.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Dance recital. Tickets $25. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Dancing at Dusk: Reena Shah, June 27, 5 p.m., Caramoor Center for Music and Arts, 149 Girdle Ridge Rd., Katonah. Tickets $14. Info: caramoor.org.
Ballet Under the Stars, July 15, 7:30 p.m., Ives Concert Park on the WCSU Westside campus, 43 Lake Ave. Danbury. The Connecticut Ballet will present Ballet under the Stars featuring Pulse by Darrell Grand Moultrie. A free onstage Ballroom Class will be offered from 6 to 7 p.m. with Ted Thomas. Tickets $10. Info: ivesconcertpark.com.
SINGAPORE: There were at least 35 reports of online purchase scams involving USS Halloween Horror Nights tickets between Aug 30 and Sep 29, according to a police advisory on Saturday (Oct 7).
Authorities said this was higher than the number of such reports in 2016, which was about 30, and that the amount cheated in a case ranged from S$45 to S$7,000. This totalled up to more than S$21,500.
The culprits would ask their victims for advanced payments for the tickets, either as a deposit or in full, to be made to a local bank account. However, after the payments were transferred, the items were not delivered and the sellers became uncontactable, police said.
There were also cases in which culprits provided fake tickets and the victims only found out when they were denied entry.
RISE IN ONLINE PURCHASE SCAMS
In the news release, police also said there has been a "significant increase" in reports of online purchase scams.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"In August 2017 alone, there were almost 250 reports, which is about a 50% increase from the previous month," authorities said. "The majority of these online purchase scam cases were advertised on Carousell and Facebook."
Police advised the public to adopt the following prevention measures:
- Purchase tickets only from authorised sellers, and take note of the terms and conditions of the ticket sale
- If advanced payments are required, use shopping platforms that provide arrangements to only release your payment to the seller upon your receipt of the item.
- Arrange for a physical meet-up with the seller to verify the authenticity of the tickets prior to making payment.
For more scam-related advice, you may call the anti-scam helpline at 1800-722-6688 or visit www.scamalert.sg.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Department of Defense also is studying the issue.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Secretary-General Antonio Guterres says he is encouraged by the improvement of relations between the two Koreas, but the U.N.'s objective is the peaceful denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.
The U.N. chief told reporters Friday that he was "especially encouraged" by the re-establishment of a military hotline between North Korea and South Korea "to avoid situations that get out of control."
But Guterres stressed that such steps are "just part of the problem."
As for denuclearization, he said that "it is absolutely essential that serious discussions take place among the key actors in this process, and the U.N. will do everything possible to encourage them in that regard."
Guterres added: "We believe that the unity of the Security Council is creating the conditions for that to be achieved in diplomatic engagement."
BOSTON (AP)  Two people have been charged in a shooting on the set of a Denzel Washington movie in Boston that injured two security guards.
The shooting happened early Saturday in the city's Roxbury section, on the set of a sequel to the "The Equalizer."
Police say nothing was being filmed at the time, and it does not appear the guards were targeted.
The guards, a 40-year-old woman and 33-year-old man, suffered non-life-threatening injuries and were released from the hospital.
Advertisement
Police say they arrested two 18-year-olds, Dionte Martinez and Thomas Perkins. They are charged with assault with intent to murder and gun offenses.
The Suffolk County district attorney's office says they were due to be arraigned Friday in Roxbury Municipal Court.
It was not immediately clear whether either man has an attorney.
In India, an “aunty” is a very special, strange kind of human. An aunty can be your middle-aged neighbor. She can be what some of your high school teachers turn into after you graduate. She can be one of the women in your parents' friend group. She can be that relative who talks about how much you've grown every time she sees you.
An aunty will tell you that you should eat less while simultaneously being emotionally wounded if you say no when she offers you food.
But most importantly, an aunty is someone who will always comment on your weight. So what if you've come back home after being gone for over a year. There's one thing that's always more important than any other thing you might have done or accomplished during that time away.
It's always the same. There's that glance as you walk into a room, then an awfully awkward, lingering pause, which is followed by the dreaded, “…You've put on weight.”
If you're someone who's plagued by the comments of aunties, don't worry. I have a tried-and-tested method for disabling the aunty. It's just two words: So what?
This works, people, this works better than anything I've ever seen work before.
She'll first look confused. Then she'll shake her head vigorously and insist she didn't mean anything by it, that it was just an observation that you've put on weight. That's when you say it again: So what?
This will turn into an excruciatingly long but oddly satisfying cycle where the aunty continues to dig herself into an even deeper hole that she can only get out of by abruptly starting a conversation with your mom. This means you've won. Congratulations.
In the two weeks I spent back home over the summer, I had to use this method too many times, too many times to even count.
After a certain point, it stops feeling like a victory. It just feels hopeless.
One of these battles lasted a lot longer than the others. This person asked me why I didn't find time to go to the gym — they said that as soon as I entered the room. The first thing they noticed was how much weight I'd put on. And it just never ended.
I wanted to scream. I fell off a horse. Because of the injuries, I wasn't allowed to do things at the gym. I wasn't even allowed to walk for more than an hour at a time. It's been nine months since the fall and I've only just been given permission to use the elliptical.
My parents saw that I was upset, but all they said was that this is how it is. This is how people are. Forget about it and move on.
It's hard to just move on though. Most of my closest friends are athletes, and I know what people think when they see us together. How is she friends with them? How did that even happen?
And I answer the question, but why was I asked it in the first place?
Asking myself this question, it's hard for me not to think of the way I look. You can see it in our group pictures — the difference between the way they look and the way I do. Here's the thing about those pictures, though: I'm always smiling, because in that moment I feel like I belong.
That's the kind of feeling I've been trying to hold on to, and for the most part, I succeed.
Two weeks ago, however, another student called me a “fat fuck.” As soon as he said that, I started feeling physically sick. My throat felt oddly constricted, and those words have been gnawing away at me ever since.
I wrote this mainly so I could work through those feelings, and I thought (and hoped) that I'd reach some big reconciliation by the end of it, so that maybe I wouldn't feel my insides twisting every time I think about that comment.
Here I am, at the end of the article, and I don't want to forget about it and move on. But you, the aunties and the student I won't name because he's already in danger of severe physical harm from my friends, you forgot. You moved on.
None of what you said to me has impacted your life. You probably don't even remember you said it. So here's me writing about it, hoping you remember, hoping it gnaws at you just a little. And here's me hoping you change.
A small group of anti-death penalty protesters, nearly outnumbered at times by the press, gathered this evening at the Arkansas Governor's Mansion in a slow drizzle. Then there was this man, in a t-shirt with "Trump 45" on the back and "He's My President" on his chest. He refused to give his name. Emotions do, of course, run high over the issue of the death penalty, but it has got to be painful to walk around with this kind of rage in your guts.Video by Arkansas Times photographer Brian Chilson
MANILA: At least 25 people were killed and 22 injured when a passenger bus crashed into a deep ravine in the mountainous northern Philippines on Tuesday (Apr 18), authorities said.
The bus plunged about 24 metres (80 feet) in the upland province of Nueva Ecija before noon after its brakes failed while travelling on a windy road, police and local officials said.
"The vehicle is totally wrecked," said senior inspector Robert De Guzman, police chief of the town of Carranglan where the accident occurred. The impact appeared to have ripped the top off the vehicle, he added.
"Almost all of the passengers, both dead and injured, were found outside the bus."
Authorities were still investigating the cause of the accident but Carranglan Mayor Mary Abad told ABS-CBN television there were 60 passengers onboard although the bus had a capacity of only 45.
Abad added the wounded, some of whom sustained critical injuries, were rushed to nearby hospitals.
"The road is really risky. There are many ravines along that road going to Abra," Abad said, referring to the northern province where the bus was headed.
Dr Arlene Jara, chief of the nearby provincial hospital treating the wounded, said children were among those injured.
Road accidents are common in the Philippines, where old, badly maintained buses ply poorly lit roads. Poor road habits and drivers working long hours also contribute to frequent mishaps.
Searching for a power outlet to charge your drained iPhone may become a thing of the past, after a device manufacturer for Apple said wireless charging for iPhones is currently in the works.
Taiwanese iPhone assembler Wistron - which has manufacturing plants in India - said waterproof and wireless charging features will be added to the new 5.5-inch models to be launched later this year, the Nikkei Asian Review reported.
"Assembly process for the previous generations of (iPhones) have not changed much, though new features like waterproof and wireless charging now require some different testing, and waterproof function will alter the assembly process a bit," the company's chief executive Robert Hwang was quoted by the report as saying on Wednesday (Jun 14).
Wistron is one of the latest manufacturers to have begun assembling Apple's iPhones, according to the Verge. It underwent a trial period with the iPhone SE which began shipping to India in May. The company is also reportedly assembling the iPhone 6S model.
WIRELESS RUMOURS
Advertisement
Advertisement
This is not the first time that a wireless charging feature for the next iPhone model has been mentioned. In February, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo from KGI Securities wrote in a research note, which was published on MacRumors, that these features will be incorporated in the three iPhones to be released this year.
Purported leaks of a simplified diagram and a photo of what seemed like the front and back panels made of glass - which is required for wireless charging - have also surfaced online.
Back in 2016, Bloomberg reported that Apple was in midst of developing "cutting edge" technology that would enable wireless charging.
REUTERS: The American Cancer Society is recommending that people at average risk of colorectal cancer start regular screening at age 45 rather than at 50, at a time when studies show a rise in cases of the disease among younger individuals.
The new ACS guideline https://www.cancer.org/cancer/colon-rectal-cancer/detection-diagnosis-staging/acs-recommendations.html also recommends people, who are in good health and with a life expectancy of more than 10 years, should continue regular colorectal cancer screening through the age of 75.
Advertisement
The guideline suggests screening either through a high sensitivity stool-based test or visual examination such as colonoscopy.
Shares of diagnostic company Exact Sciences Corp, which makes Cologuard that helps detect colorectal cancer, jumped more than 10 percent after the guideline was revealed.
"While we commend the ACS for its forward thinking ... we do not believe this will necessarily be a big driver of Cologuard volume upside for Exact Sciences in the near term," William Blair analyst Brian Weinstein said.
The move comes as a recent stud https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.3322/caac.21457y showed that there has been a marked increase in colorectal cancer incidence, particularly rectal cancer, among younger individuals.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Colorectal cancer is the third-leading cause of cancer-related deaths in men and women in the United States and is expected to cause about 50,630 deaths during 2018, according to ACS.
The most common screening method is a colonoscopy exam that snakes a tiny camera through the rectum to view the colon to search for abnormal tissue growth.
An alternative is fecal occult blood testing, which looks for blood — a possible sign of cancer — in stool samples.
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
The health department is investigating another Legionnaires' disease outbreak in Central Florida – including a fatal case.
Two cases have been confirmed in Lake County. A third patient tested negative with an initial urine test, but results of a more complete culture test could take another week to come back.
“The two individuals who tested positive by urine antigen testing both have at this time recovered and returned home,” said Giselle Barreto with the Florida Department of Health in Lake County. “The third case we're currently investigating, but has not presented with any positive results, has since then expired.”
Health officials think they caught Legionnaires' disease at the pool and Jacuzzi area of Summit Greens, a senior community in Clermont. The health department found good conditions for Legionella at the pool and Jacuzzi at Summit Greens – a senior community in Clermont.
Patty Dooley, Summit Greens Residents' Association president, released a written statement.
“The Association's pool cleaning vendor is aware of the concern, and as a precaution they were here on Thursday, June 8, 2017 to perform a remediation in accordance with the protocol of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The remediation is completed and the spa has been re-opened.”
Nationwide, about 1 in 10 people who catch Legionnaires' disease die. Legionella bacteria usually sicken older adults, or people with chronic lung conditions. Epidemiologists are also tracking four cases in Orange County at a pair of LA Fitness gyms.
Officials with the health department in Lake County say Summit Greens resident should be vigilant for symptoms because Legionella has a two-week incubation period.
“So we urge residents that have been exposed to the hot tub on June 6 or before to still monitor for the development of symptoms as we're still within that 14-day period,” Barreto said.
Symptoms include a high fever, cough, shortness of breath and aches. These are the first cases of Legionnaires' disease in Lake County, while Orange County has seen 17 cases this year. Overall, Florida has seen 144 cases of Legionnaires' this year.
WMFE is a partner with Health News Florida, which receives support from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
Health reporting on WMFE is supported in part by Florida Hospital.
