BOSTON — Marijuana companies will be banned from most Massachusetts municipalities when recreational sales begin this summer.
The Boston Globe reports that a review of the state's 351 cities and towns shows at least 189 have barred retail marijuana stores.
This is according to a Globe review of municipal records, local news reports, and data collected by the office of Attorney General Maura Healey.
Almost a third of those local bans on marijuana businesses are indefinite, while others are temporary to buy local officials time to set up zoning rules. For consumers, this means only a handful of pot shops will be open in July, when state officials promised the market would open.
Some cities, like Lawrence have implemented bans over fears that the access to pot will exacerbate opioid problems.
Related: Everything you need to know about Massachusetts' proposed social use regulations
Information from: The Boston Globe
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British model allegedly kidnapped in Italy has revealed her hurt after her account of the ordeal was questioned.
A tearful Chloe Ayling told ITV's This Morning about her capture, which she said left her crying almost every day, too paranoid to leave her room and experiencing nightmares.
In her first TV interview, the 20-year-old said: "It is really hurtful to see people doubt my story.
"But the headlines have been so crazy, they've taken details and completely twisted them ... I'm not surprised that people have questions.
"Like when I went shoe-shopping apparently, which was to the camping shop to get shoes for the consulate, people were saying why didn't I run?
(Image: Instagram)
"But then It's easy for them to say that but when you're actually in my situation it's not that easy.
"I was with an assassin that's always armed, I'd been shown knives, so I couldn't just try and put my life in the hands of a random Italian woman.
"If I couldn't communicate with her, or she didn't care, then I'd risk my life."
Italian police said Ms Ayling was snatched by a group calling itself Black Death in Milan last month.
It is believed she was drugged and transported in a bag to an isolated village near Turin, where she was held for six days as her captors tried to auction her online.
She said she was injected with ketamine after being lured to a fake modelling shoot before being bundled into the boot of a car and told she was going to be sold as a sex slave.
(Image: Instagram)
Ms Ayling's former agent Phil Green told ITV's Good Morning Britain he was standing by the model, who was "humiliated" by her capture.
Phil Green, of Supermodel Agency, said she had received £200,000 worth of offers of work since returning to the UK but he believed she did not make up the story for publicity.
He said the model, from Coulsdon, south London, only began telling her story after the Italian police "gave out every detail", he said.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He told GMB: "Trust me, I wouldn't be sat here today, nor would Chloe be giving an interview, had it not been for the Italian police giving a press release.
"She was humiliated by the fact that she'd been kidnapped.
"She'd been through an ordeal, she wanted to forget it and come back home and start her normal modelling life."
He warned other models to be careful over their social media use when posting details of jobs.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tonight is England's date with destiny - the biggest football game in the country's history in years and all eyes will be on the young Three Lions team.
Fans who have travelled to Russia will be cheering captain Harry Kane and the boys on and millions more back home will be glued to TV sets willing the team to overcome Columbia as the knock-out journey at the 2018 World Cup begins.
Back in Burton and Swadlincote the strong support will be just the same as thousands of you will be cheering on the team in their last-16 clash against the South American side.
After finishing in second place in Group G, England have been given what seems like a more favourable path through the competition, avoiding heavyweight sides like France or Brazil.
And results over the weekend, with fancied sides like Spain, Argentina and Portugal also going out, mean this will surely be England's best chance of progressing in years.
Should Gareth Southgate's men defeat Colombia tonight, Tuesday, June 3, kicking off at 7pm, they will face the winner of Switzerland and Sweden match in the quarter-finals.
The quarter-final tie will take place on Saturday, July 7, kicking off at 3pm, before moving onto a possible semi-final clash with either Croatia or hosts, Russia. England's possible semi-final appearance will be on Wednesday, July 11, kicking off at 7pm.
The final will be on Sunday, July 15. If you dare to dream that far of course.
The England squad, featuring star names such as Harry Kane and Raheem Sterling, will go into the Colombia game full of confidence from a hard fought 2-1 win against Tunisia in their first game of the tournament, followed by the 6-1 demolition of Panama.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
In the group stage decider against Belgium, to see who finished top of the group, fielding a much changed England side lost 1-0, which saw them finish runners-up.
Fans of the Three Lions across Burton all had one message for the team this week and it was, "come on England!"
(Image: Ben Waldron)
Midco Toys, in High Street has almost completely sold out of Union flags having stocked up before the tournament began.
John Borsberry, from the store, said: "We've almost sold out of flags, absolutely all of them. We've only got the small car flags left.
"Everybody just seems to turn patriotic until we lose. Looking at it though we should go far."
A special promotion is being run in the store, with a discount on everything on the day of an England victory in Russia, he said.
Another patriotic store in Burton is estate agent Scargill Mann & Co, which has lines of Union flags decorations in the windows of the Lichfield Street shop.
Alison Bates, from the estate agency, said: "We put the flags up in the window for the Royal Wedding, and thought we would just leave them up for the football as well."
More flags can be seen in the windows of Ahoy Sailor Vintage Clothing, High Street.
At Tony's Butchers, in New Street, owner Tony Lampitt joked that the football was the hot topic among most customers that come into the store of late.
He even suggested it might be taking people's minds off the partial closure of Burton Bridge, which is now in the third week of work.
Mr Lampitt said: "We get a lot of people coming talking about the football. Certainly in the morning. I guess it takes people's eyes away from the bridge work."
When and where can you watch England play?
The last-16 fixture between England and Colombia will take place on Tuesday, July 3, with fans still in the country in luck as kick-off is at 7pm.
Coverage will begin at 6.15pm on ITV.
Pubs and venues up and down the country will be showing the games as fans are encouraged to roar on Gareth Southgate's men and in Burton and South Derbyshire this will be no different.
For example, the Locomotive Bar, in Station Street, in Burton, and the Anglesey Arms, on The Green, in Stretton, will be showing the England fixtures live.
Across in Swadlincote , England fixtures will be televised at the Railway Inn, in Midway Road, and the Catchems, in Hearthcote Road.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
England's potential full route to the final
Last-16 - England will play Colombia on Tuesday, July 3 at 7pm
Quarter final - Either Sweden or Switzerland on Saturday, July 7 at 3pm. Sweden play Switzerland at 3pm on Tuesday, July 3 to decide who will go through.
Semi final - Either Russia or Croatia on Wednesday, July 11 at 7pm. Russia will play Croatia on Saturday, July 7, with a 7pm kick-off.
Final - England could play one of Brazil, Mexico, Belgium, Japan, Uruguay or France should they get there.
So it's a case of, 'come on England'.
By Chinonso Alozie, Owerri
Citizens for Righteousness and Social Justice, CRJ, yesterday, said life jail punishment is suitable for any corrupt politician in the country.
This was the message as delivered by the Chairman, CRJ, Mr. Kenneth Obi, during their Social Justice Procession in Owerri.
To archive this, Obi pleaded with the Senate, to propagate a law to that effect.
He said: “I believe strongly in the law of cause and effect. To build a new Nigeria, it all lies in our hands, all hands need to be on deck.
“A new Nigeria is possible but that can never be achieved with mere wishing and saying, we all need to work for her greatness. It is jointed efforts.”
He went further to say: “from my point of view, a new Nigeria can only be possible until Nigeria can produce a selfless leader, we cannot reach anywhere.
“Until our beloved Senate can enact laws that will send corrupt politicians to life jail impudence will always be the order of the day.
“Everyone needs to to say no to bribery and corruption. The law never give bribe and never take bribe, should be upheld.
“Until we stop being pessimistic and believe strongly in one minds, that a new Nigeria is possible, our efforts will always be neglected with unbelief.”
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawaiʻi Island police are searching for a 30-year-old man wanted on two bench warrants.
Damon J. Soderlund is wanted for two counts of contempt of court. He is also wanted for questioning in an abuse case.
He is described as 5-foot-9, 230 pounds with brown hair and blue eyes. He has no permanent address but frequents the Kailua-Kona area.
Police ask anyone with information on his whereabouts to call the Police Department's non-emergency line at 935-3311.
Tipsters who prefer to remain anonymous may call the islandwide Crime Stoppers number at 961-8300 and may be eligible for a reward of up to $1,000. Crime Stoppers is a volunteer program run by ordinary citizens who want to keep their community safe. Crime Stoppers doesn't record calls or subscribe to caller ID. Crime Stoppers information is kept confidential.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City youngster Wes McDonald is on trial at Championship rivals Queens Park Rangers.
The attacking midfielder was picked up by Blues at the end of 2013 from Fulham, and has been a regular in the U23s set-up in that time.
McDonald also featured five times in a short loan deal with nearby National League outfit Solihull Moors earlier this season.
He caught the eye particularly in the last campaign, scoring ten times in 24 outings for Richard Beale's side.
But the youngster is being looked at by QPR, who have named him in their own U23s side for this afternoon's (19) fixture with Sheffield United.
Also in the starting line-up are first-teamers Alex Baptiste and Jordan Cousins, Bright Osayi-Samuel and ex-Albion youngster Chay Tilt.
(Image: BCFC.COM)
Performance recognition
Birmingham City pair Jota and Che Adams have both been included in WhoScored.com's Championship Team of the Week.
Jota and Adams scored three times between them as Blues put Hull City to the sword at a snowy St Andrew's on Saturday.
It was a desperately needed win - three points that dragged Blues back to within touching distance of Barnsley directly above them, and a result that ensured Hull themselves haven't yet escaped the danger of relegation.
Spaniard Jota, the club's record signing at more than £6m when he arrived from Brentford on transfer deadline day last summer, scored a 9.5 with statistic experts Who Scored - a rating bettered only by Sheffield Wednesday's two-goal hero Atdhe Nuhiu.
What key Leeds United figures have said about Pablo Hernandez's future as Birmingham City linked
Adams, who bent a cross-cum-shot over the head of Allan McGregor a matter of minutes into the second half, wasn't far behind with a score of 8.6.
Also included in the team were Aston Villa defender John Terry - that despite being on the losing of a 1-0 score-line against Bolton Wanderers - and Millwall pair Jordan Archer and Shaun Hutchinson, who played crucial roles as the Lions defeated Blues' relegation rivals Barnsley at Oakwell.
The 3-0 win - Garry Monk's first in charge since replacing Steve Cotterill as manager - was also voted as the EFL's official Result of the Day.
Jubilant Juke
Lukas Jutkiewicz relished an ‘enjoyable' fortnight working under Garry Monk and has revealed the freedom Birmingham City have been given in attack.
The 28-year-old was applauded off during Blues' 3-0 victory over Hull on Saturday having turned in arguably the best 83 minutes of his season.
Jutkiewicz and Che Adams gave the Hull defence a torrid afternoon and whilst the margin of victory was three, in truth it could have been double but for the excellence of Allan McGregor.
And a morale-boosting team display brought Monk his first victory as Blues boss who has had three games in his first two weeks -but now has the international break to continue implementing his methods.
Latest on Birmingham City's interest in Leeds United star as Garry Monk admits chilly mistake
“It has been hugely important,” Jutkiewicz said, who agreed that Blues are now playing on the front foot.
“When a new coach comes in they have their own ideas of what they want to do and it's really important to implement them every day on the training pitch and make sure that everybody is crystal clear in what is expected of them.
“We've had a good couple of weeks of doing that, it has been hard work but it has been really enjoyable.
“There's a really good atmosphere around the training ground, we've been working really hard to implement the manager's ideas and that's important with a new coach.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed: https://audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
“He is very methodical in what he wants his team to be doing in terms of pressing and in terms of the team shape - and we do a lot of work on that.
“On the other side of that we have been given that freedom to go and express ourselves. He's a big advocate of that.”
Part of that has been playing with two strikers, Jutkiewicz has operated with Che Adams in the last two home games - and Sam Gallagher at Cardiff.
'At times it was a genuine mismatch' - the Hull City verdict on Birmingham City's win
The Jutkiewicz-Adams partnership was effective at the end of last season and on Saturday looked as though it could be so again.
“I enjoy playing up front with Che. We've had success last season when we did get a chance to play together.
"He is a terrific young player and it certainly helps me that we've got someone with his dynamics, running in behind to support you.
"It does create that little bit extra space knowing that the centre-halves can't quite get as tight because Che is coming in behind.
“I'm sure he'll tell folk he meant his goal, and I believe him. I'll take them any way they come. I was waiting for a cross but if he does that every time, I've no problems!”
Opinion: Has the ABS learnt anything from its e-Census DDoS debacle?
The lack of segregation offered by the combined CIO/CISO role had a big impact on e-Census cybersecurity outcomes
The Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) suffered a humiliating failure of its systems last August, which was largely attributed to its inability to manage security and operational risk of a key business system.
Shortly after the event, we were told by prime minister Malcolm Turnbull that heads would roll, lessons would be learnt and changes would be made. But after extensive investigations by the government and the Senate, did head actually roll? Is there any evidence of positive changes?
ABS' long term CIO/CISO Patrick Hadley, who has been with the organisation for 5 years, retires on March 6. He's had a long career with many agencies and commercial organisations prior to joining the public service.
His departure creates an opportunity to review the role he performed with the ABS and indeed address any structural weaknesses, which may result from the now dated practice of having the CIO also fulfil the CISO role. This is very much a practice from the early 2000s and not consistent with good governance practice and current trends.
The new ABS CIO/CISO position has appeared on the APSJOBs website recently and disappointingly does not suggest the ABS has learnt anything about segregation of duties nor does it appear to be willing to improve CISO access to the ABS CEO, the Australian statistician.
Once again, the role of CIO and CISO is combined and the job largely appears to be about system delivery and is located two levels down in the organisation. Maybe this is not a problem? Maybe the ABS is different and does not need to follow current practices and trends in technology governance?
Let's examine if the combined roles of CIO/CISO were at all critical in the failure of the Census system?
Below is an extract from the report prepared by Alastair MacGibbon, Special Adviser to the Prime Minister on Cybersecurity.
A procurement plan prepared in June 2014 proposed approaching only IBM citing the same reasons for a single source approach as in September 2008: dependency on IBM and time pressure. The procurement plan was approved by Patrick Hadley, Chief Information Officer, on 20 June 2014.
In September 2014, the ABS again engaged IBM through limited tender, a similar approach as direct sourcing which involved no market testing, this time for the supply of the 2016 eCensus and Data Capture. On 23 September 2014, Patrick Hadley, Chief Information Officer, approved the spending proposal for the 2016 eCensus solution.
On 20 June 2014, the ABS CIO approved the procurement plan for a limited tender to be issued to IBM for an e-Census solution (online electronic form). Once IBM was given responsibility for delivery, the key architectural decision to host the 2016 Census online form in a fully dedicated facility followed.
1 2 3 Next Page
Voters in Yukon will go to the polls Tuesday to fill a vacancy for Ward 2 on the city council.
The seat is currently held by John Alberts, who is is term-limited.
Three candidates have filed for the office.
Ward Larson is a former city council member who left office after being term-limited. He served from 2003 through 2010. Larson and his wife, Carolyn, recently celebrated their 54th wedding anniversary. They have three children. Larson has lived in Yukon for almost 41 years. He said he has been unable to campaign because of an injury that prevents him from walking.
Shelli Shelby is a former school counselor and is now the women's pastor for West Metro Community Church. She and her husband, Bart, have five children. She has lived in Yukon for 30 years. Selby does not have previous political experience, but has served on a number of community boards.
Erick Westfahl is in construction management industry and has lived in Yukon for 15 years. He and his wife, Kasi, have two children. This is Westfahl's first venture into politics.
Also, Richard Cacini will fill the Ward 1 seat being vacated by Richard Russell, who chose not to seek a second term. Cacini is a well-known community leader, whose volunteer work includes the Yukon Veterans Museum and the Yukon Chamber of Commerce. He and his wife, Kathy, have five children. He has lived in Yukon for 28 years. He has no previous political experience.
The Yukon Review asked each of the candidates a series of questions. The following are their responses.
Why are you running for office?
Larson: I want to ensure that the city continues in their efforts to make a complete financial recovery that was due to the inappropriate actions of the prior city manager, the financial adviser and the auditor. This council, since the return of Jim Crosby as our city manager, has made good progress to date but it needs to have an appropriate final conclusion. I want to work with our professionals to help guide Yukon to a higher level of success on all undertakings in the future. I believe that with my years of management and city council experience I will be an effective and credible council person for the city of Yukon. I will make decisions based on what is best for Yukon. These decisions, as in my past, will first be based on a full review and analysis of all of the data and facts.
Selby: I love my community and want to be a part of keeping it great. I want to bring transparency to the office and keep the citizens' needs and concerns at the forefront.
Westfahl: I am running for office because I feel the Yukon City Council needs someone with municipal construction experience that can help lead the council in sound, conservative decisions.
Cacini: I want to give back to my community for all they have done for my family while I served overseas.
What are the biggest issues facing Yukon?
Larson: The vast majority of city funding comes from sales tax revenue.
Counteracting the drain of sales tax revenue to Oklahoma City that is occurring due to the retail development on the south side of 10th Street is critical. I believe that we must encourage development on the south side of I-40 and east of Frisco Road as soon as possible. Construction of the Frisco Road interchange will help us tremendously, but that is not an instant fix. In the meantime, we must do what we can to encourage and retain investment where practical in our city limits. Remember, city sales tax pays for salaries, infrastructure, road repair, garbage, and the overall image of the city.
Selby: As always, a big issue facing the city is how to best use the taxpayers' money that we have been entrusted with. With what has happened in the past with Grayson Bottom, our citizens have a lot of mistrust. We must be transparent and earn that trust back by being good stewards. I also feel we have to do something to improve the water issues whether it is increasing conservation, better meters/readings or finding other sources. And lastly, the issue of State Highway 4 is heavy on my heart. This strip of highway has to be corrected. How many more lives must be lost? This should be a priority and not something that has been put on the back burner.
Westfahl: Yukon's biggest issue is that it is landlocked by Oklahoma City. Unfortunately, we cannot expand our boundaries to increase our revenue potential. This makes responsible planning of these potential areas crucial.
With growth, there will be growing pains. Our neighboring communities (some right across our streets) are also developing. One major duty our council will be facing is managing that growth without compromising our safety, our school systems or our businesses.
Affordable, sustainable water resources should be a priority to our city now and not after we depend solely on the “generosity” of outside sources that did plan ahead.
Cacini: Education, water, caring for the elderly and veterans.
What do you see in Yukon's future?
Larson: Completion of Frisco Road interchange. Highway 4 (Piedmont Road) completion. Originally voted in during my second term. Increased traffic volume will require a full analysis of methods created to flow efficiency. Phased-in conversion to smart water meters to allow homeowners instant feedback. Increase sales tax revenues by aggressive salesmanship to help and encourage retailers to locate in Yukon.
Selby: I see Yukon growing but still retaining the community feel. I love the direction we are heading with our community development. This is a great place to live and raise a family.
Westfahl: We know Yukon will experience substantial growth in the coming years. How that growth is managed will depend on what is done in these important months. We can be a showcase for our state if we plan responsibly. The future is bright for Yukon. I see young families and retirees looking for a safe, heathy and active life calling Yukon home. I see innovative companies investing in Yukon and our citizens investing in them. I see Yukon as a destination.
Cacini: Great advancement into the 21st century
What do you hope to accomplish?
Larson: Make decisions that will keep Yukon on track to fully restore their financial credibility. I want all performing employees to feel the comfort of job security and everyone to take pride in a progressive and successful Yukon. Again, recover the damages from those who were responsible for creating Yukon's financial crisis.
Selby: I hope to bring the concerns and needs of the citizens to the Council. I don't want to ever forget I am voting for them, not myself. I would love to see Yukon have more family friendly venues. A sporting complex would be nice but not at the previous price. We need to look for matching grants to help defray the cost. Our taxes are high enough. We need to be innovative in our funding.
Westfahl: My goals as a councilman are to help create an atmosphere within our city government that acts in partnership with its citizens. The city must regain trust by being efficient, accountable and transparent. I hope to lead our city to help local businesses thrive in a highly competitive market. To not only compete with outside business but to make Yukon a destination for businesses. Finally, my goal is to help facilitate safer roadways to and from our community.
Cacini: Solving some of the issues.
Why should I vote for you?
Larson: I have the experience with the Yukon City Council duties and functions. I have functioned in my management roles with a very high degree of credibility and respect from my superiors, peers and staffs. I have managed my roles utilizing positive reinforcement, coupled with specific metrics by which performance can be objectively measured. I will not change any of my traits if elected to the Ward 2 Council position. I pledge this.
Selby: I want to be the voice for the people. I don't have any hidden agendas. But want to keep Yukon the great city it is. I am not a politician but someone who wants to be a part of the solution for you, the citizens.
Westfahl: We are fortunate in this election to have three people run for this position that truly love their community. We each want safe roadways and affordable resources. Yet, if we want a representative for our community that is experienced in the necessary duties of management and planning, I believe that I am the right candidate for a time such as this.
Cacini: I have no financial backing from any businesses or organizations to influence my voting. I am running for my constituents to better serve my community.
Polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Tuesday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell faces a few more weeks out due to a cracked bone in a finger.
Mitchell, who has been back up to Scott Carson all season, suffered the injury in training during the Rams trip to Dubai last week.
"From the time of the injury he was expected to be out for four weeks, so it is not a massive deal," said manager Gary Rowett.
Kelle Roos filled in as substitute keeper in Tuesday's goalless draw against Millwall at The Den.
Roos is expected to be on the bench for tomorrow's Championship clash with Brentford at Pride Park Stadium.
"Kelle has done well when he has been out on loan this season," said Rowett.
Subscribe to FT.com
Register to read: An optimist's view of 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
AAP Kober Medal Presentation Free access | 10.1172/JCI97404
2017 Association of American Physicians George M. Kober Medal
Laurie H. Glimcher personifies the qualities honored by the George M. Kober Medal. A renowned immunologist who has taken on a series of leadership positions in medical education, research, and clinical care, she has played a key role in the rapidly advancing field of immunotherapy and in the lives and careers of scientists who are driving the field forward.
Dr. Glimcher (Figure 1), who became President and CEO of Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston late last year, had an early exposure to the demands and rewards of a medical career; her father, Melvin Glimcher, was a prominent orthopedic surgeon at Massachusetts General Hospital and Boston Children's Hospital. Over the course of a 40-year career, she has been, in many ways, a pioneer, not only as a scientist but as a model of professional achievement for women in science and academic medicine.
Figure 1 Laurie H. Glimcher, winner of the 2017 Association of American Physicians George M. Kober Medal. Image credit: Alexey Levchenko.
Dr. Glimcher graduated from Radcliffe College and earned her medical degree from Harvard Medical School in 1976, followed by internship and residencies at Mass. General and Brigham and Women's Hospital. Her medical school studies sparked a fascination with the immune system and autoimmune disease. From 1979 to 1982, she conducted immunology research at the National Institutes of Health in the lab of the late William Paul, work that would later result in the discovery of the transcription factors XBP1 and T-bet, which play a role in immune system development and activation. It was during these early years that she also began raising a family.
Dr. Glimcher joined the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health in 1984, and she was the Irene Heinz Given Professor of Immunology from 1991to 2011. As a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School, she directed one of the world's leading academic immunology programs.
Having devoted her career primarily to laboratory research, Dr. Glimcher decided to broaden her efforts. In 2012, she joined Weill Cornell Medical College as Dean and Professor of Medicine — becoming the first woman to serve as dean at the medical school — and Provost for Medical Affairs at Cornell University. There, she took steps to help women achieve work-life balance, setting up a daycare center and a grant program for postdoctoral fellows who are primary caregivers, and establishing an award program for excellence in mentoring women.
Her determination to do big things is captured in a comment she made after being named Dana-Farber's President: “If you don't aim high, you're never going to make major discoveries.” As Dr. Glimcher has demonstrated, that passion can have as powerful an impact in the laboratory as in the culture of science and medicine itself.
The German team revealed the new kit for the world and national champions of the team first time since being given WorldTour status
Despite having revealed their new team jersey towards the end of 2016, Peter Sagan has had to wait show off his new Bora-Hansgrohe world champion's kit.
The German squad revealed on Monday the rainbow bands Sagan will wear for 2017 after his triumph in Doha in October, as well as the kits his brother and Slovakian champion Juraj, Polish champion Rafal Majka and Portuguese champion Jose Mendes will all wear.
The squad also revealed the first photos of them riding as a team aboard their Specialized bikes, which came on as bike supplier after team Tinkoff folded at the end of 2016. Sagan has already revealed pictures of his new custom Venge ViAS in December.
Keeping it simple seems to be the name of the game as far as kit design goes at Bora, with the new champions' kits kept sleek and minimal with the torso bands and black shorts. Likewise the team's standard kit looks like a winner, with a predominantly black design with teal touches and white cuffs on the shorts and jersey.
Bora will make their WorldTour debut at this month's Tour Down Under with Sagan, who began his professional career at the Australian in 2010.
Check out more photos of the new Bora kit below.
Rays outfielder Carlos Gomez has struggled mightily at the plate this season. His average is hovering below the Mendoza line at .198, and he's already surpassed 70 strikeouts for the season.
After he struck out in the second inning of Wednesday's game against the Marlins, Gomez took his inability to hit baseballs out on the Gatorade coolers in the dugout.
He did manage to make contact there.
And here's another angle:
Pretty sure these are the only hits Carlos Gomez has this season. pic.twitter.com/Y23OJ8kmH8 — Mark Suleymanov (@TheMARKOut1) July 4, 2018
A bareknuckled uppercut on plastic didn't seem like the best idea, but Gomez would stay in the game. He'd fly out in his second at-bat.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
WASHINGTON (AP) – President-elect Donald Trump is showing little sign of forgiving his critics as he prepares to move into the Oval Office.
The incoming president tweeted Monday that, “Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong…”
He continued: “I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270” electoral votes.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
Trump's continued focus on his unexpected Nov. 8 victory comes as he works behind closed doors to shape his new administration. He's set to be sworn into office in just 18 days.
Trump also complained Monday about a cover photo used in a new book released by CNN. He tweeted, “Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Paul Townend was hit with a 21-day ban for dangerous riding after one of the most bizarre incidents seen in years on an Irish racecourse during day one of the Punchestown festival on Tuesday.
The former champion jockey looked set for victory on Al Boum Photo in the Grade One Growise Champion Novice Chase until the partnership approached the final fence.
But the festival crowd was left stunned when Townend stopped riding, looked around and manoeuvred Al Boum Photo violently right in an apparent attempt to bypass the obstacle.
However, in doing so they carried out the English raider Finian's Oscar who was in second. Al Boum Photo then crashed through the wing of the fence and dislodged Townend.
It left The Storyteller to lead home a Gordon Elliott 1-2-3 in a result that could prove decisive in his epic struggle with Mullins for the trainers' championship which ends on Saturday.
Speculation as to why Townend made such a sensational manoeuvre ran riot afterwards, but a stewards official said after the inquiry that the rider wouldn't be making any comment. Mullins didn't have a runner in the final race and apparently had left the racecourse.
The champion trainer's assistant, David Casey, did say, however, it looked to him like Townend had been trying to bypass the fence, although there didn't appear to be any obstacle in his way. He also said Al Boum Photo appeared to be fine afterwards.
Vacuum
If the wake of the episode left an unsatisfactory vacuum in terms of information, the hard fact remained that Townend got a 21-day ban for dangerous riding, the most serious riding offence of all. He was also ordered to forfeit his riding fee.
Townend is a hugely experienced jockey, number two to Mullins for almost a decade, and has regularly filled in as first choice when Ruby Walsh has been injured, including much of this season.
He is due to ride four horses for Mullins on Wednesday, including Killultagh Vic in the featured Coral Punchestown Gold Cup.
Patrick Mullins on Un De Sceaux comes home to win ahead of Paul Townsend onboard Douvan in the Boylesports Champion Chase at Punchestown. Photograph: Lorraine O'Sullivan/Inpho
Quite what his state of mind will be for such a high-profile assignment, on the back of a incident that had many veteran racegoers struggling for any sort of comparison, is anyone's guess.
The Storyteller's jockey Davy Russell could hardly believe his luck and said: “I had a quick look up [on the run to the last] and saw nothing. I thought the best I could get was third.”
Ultimately The Storyteller led home his stable companions Monbeg Notorious and Jury Duty for a 1-2-3 that emulated Elliott's similar clean sweep in the previous Goffs Land Rover Bumper, won by Commander Of Fleet.
It leaves Elliott €405,839 clear of his rival in the race to be champion trainer, and he has been cut to 4-6 to go one better than last year.
Elliott watched the dramatic race at the final fence and said: “I don't know what happened with Paul Townend, it all happened that quick. When I saw Paul go I wasn't sure if it was being bypassed.”
Trainers' title
As for the trainers' title, he added: “It will be ding-dong this week whatever happens. If it's like this for the week it'll be interesting!”
If such an outcome suggests fate might be on Elliott's side, then it hadn't looked like that earlier in the day when Mullins won three races in a row.
The task of overhauling the €521,000 gap to his great rival this week got off to the perfect start with Grade One victory for Un De Sceaux and the 25-1 Draconien. Rachael Blackmore also won the handicap hurdle on True Self.
It was Mullins's son, Patrick, who enjoyed a spectacular first ride on the flamboyant Un De Sceaux who made all to win the Boylesports Champion Chase at 9-2.
Patrick Mullins said: “I've been dreaming about riding that horse. When I was I told I was, I was like Charlie when he got the golden ticket off Willie Wonka!
“I schooled him yesterday and even schooling him was some buzz. It took him a while to warm up into the race. He didn't jump or travel like he can but I think that was just the good ground. Once he'd warmed up I just let him at it. He runs horses into the ground.”
With Douvan running second, the net result of the first feature event of the week was a €205,500 swing to Mullins in one race, and afterwards the gap had reduced to €226,714.
And even though Patrick Mullins doubled up in the last on board Pat Fahy's Kalum River, the overwhelming memory of the day will be Townend's remarkable performance aboard Al Boum Photo. As omens for the trainers' championship it felt very ominous for Mullins.
Real Madrid have dismissed reports they have agreed a deal to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris St Germain, describing the rumours as “completely false”.
The 19-year-old forward has been heavily linked with a potential world-record transfer to the Bernabeu.
He is currently playing for France at the World Cup in Russia where he has scored three goals in four games to help his country reach the quarter-finals.
“Given the information published in the last few hours regarding an alleged agreement between Real Madrid C.F. and PSG for the player Kylian Mbappe, Real Madrid would like to state that it is completely false,” the LaLiga club said in a statement on their website.
“Real Madrid has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information that has not been proven by the parties concerned.”
Mbappe began his career at Monaco, helping them win Ligue 1 and reach the Champions League semi-finals in 2017 before moving to rival PSG last summer.
The transfer, initially a loan deal which was made permanent for a reported €136million, made him football's most expensive teenager.
He scored 13 times in 27 league games during his first season in Paris as PSG reclaimed the title.
WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump was in Palm Beach County Saturday, after he declassified a top-secret congressional memo and suggested it proved the investigation of his presidential campaign and Russia was fatally flawed from the start. Democrats said the document did nothing to clear him or his campaign, and the FBI called the memo inaccurate and incomplete.
Butting heads just as they had before the memo's release, Trump and his critics stuck to the positions they had staked out in the weeks leading up to the hotly disputed release of the memo prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee. The memo makes their case — and Trump's — that politically motivated abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation made it worse than worthless.
The Democrats, having none of it, said the four-page memo merely cherry-picks Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement and undercut the current federal investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller. Rep. Adam Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said the GOP document “mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information” and its release “will do long-term damage to the intelligence community and our law enforcement agencies.”
The memo's central premise is that the FBI relied excessively on anti-Trump research funded by Democrats in seeking a warrant to monitor the communications of a Trump campaign associate and that federal authorities concealed the full details of who was paying for the information.
The disclosure of the document is extraordinary since it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. Its release is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has divided the White House and Trump's hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
Trump, who lashed out at the FBI and Justice Department Friday morning, refused to express confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller and is mentioned by name in the memo.
Asked if he was more likely to fire Rosenstein, and if he still had confidence in him, Trump retorted, “You figure that one out.”
A senior White House official said later the administration expects Rosenstein to remain in his job.
Trump has been telling confidants he believed the memo would validate his concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him. Though the document had been classified since it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the White House declassified it Friday and sent it to the intelligence committee chairman, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, for immediate release.
The development also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit the investigation by Mueller that focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice. Republicans seized on the memo's allegations to argue that the FBI's investigation was politically biased.
The memo does not address obstruction questions that have led Mueller to express interest in interviewing Trump. But it does reveal the FBI investigation actually began in July 2016, months before the warrant was even sought, based on information involving a separate Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, who has already pleaded guilty to federal charges.
Mueller inherited the probe in May 2017. Four people have so far been charged in his investigation.
Trump said Friday of the information in the memo: “I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace.”
Earlier in the day, he tweeted: “The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people.”
The memo offered the first government confirmation that the FBI in October 2016 obtained a secret surveillance warrant on a Trump campaign associate, Carter Page, on the basis that agents believed he might be an agent of a foreign power —Russia. That warrant was signed off on multiple times, including by Rosenstein.
In a statement, Page, who served as a foreign policy adviser and came on the FBI radar in 2013 as part of a separate counterintelligence probe, said, “The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy.”
The memo asserts that opposition research conducted by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, “formed an essential part” of the initial application to receive the warrant. It's unclear how much or what information Steele collected was included in the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele's research into Trump and Russia was compiled into a series of memos, or a dossier, containing salacious allegations.
The FBI routinely relies on multiple sources of information when it obtains surveillance warrants. And the memo makes clear that the FBI believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
The Republicans argue that top Justice and FBI officials concealed relevant information from the court, namely the full details of Steele's motivations and funding.
Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon. It was later picked up by the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee through a Washington law firm. The memo says the FBI cut ties with Steele, a longtime source, for an improper disclosure to the media about his relationship with the bureau.
Democrats pushed back on multiple assertions from the memo, saying it was not accurate that the FBI had withheld from the court information about Steele's potential political motivations or those of the people who hired him. They say the memo ignores the fact the investigation did not begin with Steele.
Schiff, the top Democrat, said the memo had “cherry-picked” information from Andrew McCabe, who stepped down as FBI deputy director this week. The memo describes him as having told the committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought without the dossier.
The memo release escalates a clash with the man Trump picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. Wray had warned the White House that the declassification and release could set a dangerous precedent.
Comey weighed in on Twitter, calling the memo “dishonest and misleading” and saying it had “inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs.”
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller, Jill Colvin, Catherine Lucey, Matthew Daly and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
With more than 50 guests and club members present, the Rotary Club of Carpinteria celebrated the “step down” of outgoing president Andy Bailard and welcomed its 41st club president, Roland Rotz, at a buffet dinner held Tuesday at the Lions Community Building on Foothill Road in Carpinteria.
Honored guests included the club's chartering past president, Dr. Bill Carty, and his wife, Daphne.
Club members Craig Murray and Harry Harper were named Paul Harris Fellows at the event.
Other awards for the club included several Avenues of Service awards given by Rotary District 5240, featuring “The Best Medium Club,” “The Silver Club of Distinction” and the coveted “Peace Though Service” award given by the president of Rotary International, Sakujo Tanada.
Rotz's first meeting will be held from 11:45 a.m. to 1:15 p.m. Thursday, July 11 at the Lions Community Building in Carpinteria.
Those who wish to attend may call 805.886.6463.
— Pat Kistler is the public relations coordinator for the Rotary Club of Carpinteria.
Susan Bro, the mother of Heather Heyer, holds a photo of Bro's mother and her daughter, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Charlottesville, Va. Heyer was killed Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally. Bro said that she is going to bare her soul to fight for the cause that her daughter died for. Joshua Replogle AP Photo
Ed Galligan's tenure as the Port of Olympia executive director appears set to end Thursday, according to the agenda for a special commission meeting.
AT&S: Revenue up 24.5% to EUR 765.9 million / Picture: © Vindobona
* Significant contributions to revenue from the two plants in Chongqing, China
* Revenue up 24.5% to EUR 765.9 million
* Continued efficiency improvements and new technology generation drive earnings
* EBITDA: up 86.3% to EUR 190.3 million
* Profit for the period increased from EUR -19.7 million to EUR 47.8 million
* Equity strengthened through issue of hybrid bond, net debt reduced
* Outlook for financial year 2017/18: Management expects EBITDA margin slightly
above given forecast
"Our most recent investments are bearing fruit, our business is going well and
we have been able to consolidate our position as a technology leader with the
introduction of the latest technology generation", CEO Andreas Gerstenmayer
comments on the development of the first nine months. "Now it is important to
implement further efficiency improvements and to evaluate potential expansion
steps as part of our technology strategy", Gerstenmayer outlines the tasks for
the coming months.
Asset, financial and earnings position
Revenue rose by EUR 150.8 million or 24.5% from EUR 615.1 million to EUR 765.9
a million as a result of generally strong demand and additional revenue from the
two plants in Chongqing. Exchange rate effects, especially caused by a weaker
USD, had a negative impact of EUR 23.9 million on revenue.
EBITDA was up EUR 88.2 million or 86.3% and amounted to EUR 190.3 million. The
increase was based on a generally strong operating performance (utilisation,
yield, efficiency) and the successful introduction and rapid optimisation of
the new technology generation, where AT&S holds a leading market position.
This development was supported by a very positive product mix, especially in
the third quarter, and a favourable currency development for production costs
based on a weaker development of the Chinese renminbi against the euro.
Earnings were negatively impacted by continued high raw material prices and
the persisting price pressure on IC substrates. The EBITDA margin amounted to
24.8%, up 8.2 percentage points on the prior-year level of 16.6%.
Compared with the prior-year period, depreciation and amortisation increased
by 12.4% to EUR 101.5 million, which was primarily attributable to the new
plants in Chongqing. EBIT was up EUR 77.0 million to EUR 88.8 million. Due to
the higher depreciation and amortisation EBIT increased to a lesser extent
than EBITDA. The EBIT margin amounted to 11.6% (prior-year period: 1.9%).
Finance costs - net improved significantly from EUR -18.6 million to EUR -11.3
a million above all due to positive exchange rate effects (EUR 2.0 million,
previous year: expense of EUR 8.2 million)
Tax expense amounted to EUR 29.7 million in the first nine months (prior-year
period: tax expense of EUR 13.0 million). The increase was due to the good
results at nearly all sites and the fact that the tax certificate in Shanghai
has not yet been granted (it is expected to be regained in the coming months).
Despite the higher tax expense, the profit for the period rose by EUR 67.5
a million to EUR 47.8 million due to the substantial increase in the operating
result and the improved finance costs. This led to a significant increase in
earnings per share from EUR -0.51 to EUR 1.21.
Cash flow and statement of financial position
Cash flow from earnings before changes in working capital amounted to EUR
170.3 million after EUR 74.5 million in the previous year. Cash flow from
investing activities - for investments in the plants in Chongqing, technology
investments in other sites and investments in financial assets - amounted to
EUR -246.6 million (prior-year period: EUR -108.7 million).
Equity rose by EUR 159.0 million or 29.4% to EUR 699.1 million. The increase
resulted from the net proceeds of the hybrid bond of EUR 173.0 million and the
profit for the period. Currency differences of EUR 57.9 million and the
dividend payment of EUR 3.9 million had a negative impact on equity.
Net debt decreased by EUR 163.5 million to EUR 217.0 million. The net gearing
ratio, at 31.0%, is significantly lower than at 31 March 2017, at 70.5%.
Key financials:
According to IFRS; Q1-Q3 2016/17 Q1-Q3 2017/18 Change
in a million EUR 01.04.-31.12.2016 01.04.-31.12.2017
Revenue 615.1 765.9 24.5%
EBITDA 102.1 190.3 86.3%
EBITDA margin (in 16.6 24.8 -
%)
EBIT 11.8 88.8 > 100%
EBIT margin (in %) 1.9 11.6 -
Profit/loss for the -19.7 47.8 > 100%
period
Cash flow from
operating
activities before 74.5 170.3 > 100%
changes in working
capital
Net CAPEX 192.3 124.6 (35.2%)
Equity ratio (in %) 37.61* 45.62** -
Net debt 380.51* 217.02** (43.0%)
Earnings per
average number of -0.51 1.21 > 100%
shares outstanding
(in EUR)
*As of 31.03.2017 **As of 31.12.2017
Mobile Devices & Substrates segment: strong revenue growth and significant
increase in earnings
Despite negative currency effects, revenue increased by 32.2% to EUR 580.0
a million, which was primarily attributable to substantial contributions from the
two plants in Chongqing, China. EBITDA rose by EUR 99.2 million to EUR 155.3
a million based on general efficiency enhancement measures and higher contribution
margins. Higher raw material prices and the persisting price pressure on IC
substrates had a negative impact. The EBITDA margin, at 26.8%, significantly
exceeded the comparative value of the previous year of 12.8%.
Automotive, Industrial, Medical segment with stable revenue and a slight decline
in earnings due to a one-off effect in the previous year
In the Automotive, Industrial, Medical segment revenue increased by 3.4 % to EUR
270.8 million based on strong demand in all segments, but especially in the
Industrial and Medical segments. EBITDA decreased by 12.6% to EUR 32.3 million,
especially due to a one-off effect: the comparative figures of the previous year
included the reversal of a provision for unused building space amounting to EUR
3.3 million; in addition, negative exchange rate effects and higher raw material
prices had a negative impact on earnings. The EBITDA margin amounted to 11.9%,
down 2.2 percentage points on the previous year.
Outlook for the financial year 2017/18
The Management Board expects the usual seasonality for the fourth quarter of the
financial year 2017/18. For the full financial year, AT&S expects revenue growth
of 20-25% provided that the market environment and the exchange rate development
remain stable. Due to the positive development in the first nine months, the
management expects the EBITDA margin to slightly exceed the in October 2017
given forecast of 19-22%, and additional appreciation and amortisation of
roughly EUR 15 million.
AT & S Austria Technologie & Systemtechnik Aktiengesellschaft - First choice for
advanced applications
AT&S is the European market leader and one of the globally leading manufacturers
of high-end printed circuit boards and IC substrates. AT&S industrialises
leading-edge technologies for its core business segments Mobile Devices &
Substrates, Automotive, Industrial, Medical and Advanced Packaging. AT&S has a
global presence with production sites in Austria (Leoben, Fehring) and plants in
India (Nanjangud), China (Shanghai, Chongqing) and Korea (Ansan near Seoul). The
company employed an average of 9,526 people in the financial year 2016/17. For
further information: www.ats.net
Further inquiry note:
Elke Koch, Director Investor Relations & Communications
Tel: +43 3842 200-5925; Mobile: +43 676 8955 5925; e.koch@ats.net
Marina Konrad, Head of Corporate Communications
Tel: +43 3842 200-5423; Mobile: +43 676 8955 5423; m.konrad@ats.net
end of announcement euro adhoc
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
issuer: AT & S Austria Technologie und Systemtechnik Aktiengesellschaft
Fabriksgasse 13
A-8700 Leoben
phone: 03842 200-0
FAX:
mail: e.koch@ats.net
WWW: www.ats.net
ISIN: AT0000969985
indexes: VÖNIX, WBI, ATX GP
stockmarkets: Vienna
language: English
Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/18136/aom
***ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS
RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER***
OTE0007 2018-01-30/17:54
(C) Copyright APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH and the respective issuer.
—
During one of the more unpleasant experiences I've had telling someone about my sexuality, a woman once physically reared away from me and said “ew”.
It was back when I was a bisexual woman (hey, I'm complex), and she had been chatting me up in a gay bar. She didn't want to talk to me after I mentioned being—ew—bi.
For an inclusive and diverse community, we can be… kind of bitchy. And for a group that's often portrayed and thought of as more sexually liberated, we do an awful lot of slut-shaming.
You've probably heard the term before. It's what it sounds like: shaming somebody for being too slutty, whatever that's supposed to be.
It takes many forms, and even in 2018 it's rife, including from within the LGBTI community.
Anyone can end up the target of some dickhead's ill-informed nasty comments, but certain groups tend to be stereotyped and shamed more often.
Bisexual people cop it from both sides, if you'll excuse the phrasing.
I've heard lesbians talk about bi women as though they were nothing but vectors of disease.
Men sometimes think their bi partner might run off with a woman, and vice versa, as though bisexual equals insatiable, loose, untrustworthy.
There's an idea that the capacity to be attracted to more than one gender means you can't be monogamous, which seems as absurd to me as thinking someone with no preference on hair colour can't settle down with a blonde.
And speaking of monogamy, while folks who do have casual or multiple partners seem to be accepted more often in the queer community, there can still be plenty of side-eyeing from some people if you mention your two boyfriends.
It's greedy, uncommitted, slutty—the same stuff bisexuals are accused of.
Around Mardi Gras time, you don't have to look too far for someone criticising the lads on the parade floats or in the streets for showing off their bodies, sounding no better than a sexist conservative calling a woman's skirt too short.
Imagine being mad about someone dancing and celebrating community and wearing what they want.
Queer folks have even invented a whole new kind of slut-shaming around PrEP.
People on PrEP are taking responsibility and participating in a revolutionary step to prevent HIV, but all some of us can focus on is how dirty they must be for maybe not always wanting to use condoms.
Maybe they're into chemsex, people whisper. Maybe they're fucking lots of guys. Maybe they're contracting other infections.
Maybe it's not so new at all—it sure sounds a hell of a lot like the shaming women used to (and sometimes still do) endure about birth control.
It's not just slut-shaming that we perpetuate. Related are whorephobia, bottom shaming, and femme shaming—all of which are friends with misogyny, which is worth unpacking if you find yourself having uncharitable thoughts about, say, flamboyant guys.
As a group that still has to put up with enough shaming and bullying from the rest of the world, some of us in the LGBTI community could stand to settle down with the slut shaming.
We're a diverse lot. We are monogamous and polyamorous, gay and lesbian and bi, asexual, sex workers, cruisers and sauna-goers, picket-fence families, everything in between and more.
Let's try to embrace our differences and just let people live, love, and fuck how they'd like to.
Now that it's taken over from Samsung at the top of the smartphone market, Apple probably hopes that the focus has shifted away from its battery problems. Unfortunately for the Cupertino company, reports have arrived of another battery fire in one of its stores.
According to the South China Morning Post, emergency services were sent to an Apple Store at the International Finance Centre mall in Hong Kong following reports of a phone battery that started emitting smoke.
While staff managed to extinguish the source of the smoke before emergency personnel arrived, two of the store's employees were taken to hospital for smoke inhalation. No evacuation was needed in this instance.
“The two staff members were repairing the phone battery at the time it emitted smoke. The pair complained of feeling unwell after inhaling smoke,” a police spokeswoman said.
Police added they were still looking into the case, but the initial investigation had found nothing suspicious. Authorities are also trying to find out if the battery was part of Apple's discounted replacement program, which was made available to owners of the iPhone 6 and newer handsets following the performance throttling controversy.
At the start of January, an overheating iPhone 6s Plus battery started emitting smoke at a store in Zurich, Switzerland. One staff member suffered minor burns, six people received medical care at the site, and the store was evacuated, but there were no serious injuries and nobody required a hospital visit.
Join Hospice of Santa Barbara from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Thursday, July 11 for Dia de las Comidas as three family-owned area restaurants generously open their doors and hearts in support of the organization's Latino Family Services.
Carlitos Café y Cantina at 1324 State St. in Santa Barbara, Cava Restaurant & Bar at 1212 Coast Village Road in Montecito and Dos Carlitos Restaurant & Tequila Bar at 3544 Sagunto St. in Santa Ynez will donate a generous portion of the day's proceeds from all three restaurants to Hospice of Santa Barbara.
“My family is proud to help increase the services provided to Latino families at Hospice of Santa Barbara,” said Carlos Lopez-Hollis, who owns and operates his family's trio of renowned restaurants.
Hospice of Santa Barbara is here to care for everyone in the community coping with loss. Its Latino Family Services offer free counseling, support groups and education to help Spanish (and English) speaking adults, teens and children who are experiencing the impact of a life-threatening illness or grieving the death of a loved one.
In May, Hospice of Santa Barbara served 40 Spanish-only-speaking families in the community. The nonprofit's service to the Latino community continues to grow with each passing year.
Hospice of Santa Barbara will host two Spanish-language support groups beginning in September: “Parenting After Loss” and “Como Sanar la Perdida de un Hijo/a.” For more information, call 805.563.8820.
Please show your support for Latino Family Services at Hospice of Santa Barbara by dining at one of these three establishments on Dia de las Comidas on July 11.
Walk-in parties are welcome, but reservations are encouraged. All meals included.
For more information, please call K.C. Murphy Thompson at Hospice of Santa Barbara at 805.563.8820 or click here.
— Danielle Deltorchio is a publicist representing Hospice of Santa Barbara.
It was a good bounce back game for the Nocona boys basketball team on Tuesday as they overcame their rough previous week to beat Jacksboro at home.
Following road games against two of the best teams in the district, the Indians unfortunately lost both games at Bowie and Holliday. They took out their frustrations on Jacksboro at home 68-38.
It was a game to get back on track for the Indians. Nocona's pressed forced easy opportunities for transition baskets early and built a 17-9 first quarter lead.
Senior Jose Ogeda got hot early and scored nine of the team's points in the quarter as he got back on track in terms of scoring the basketball. Ogeda finished with 16 in the game.
“It was good to see him get some shots to fall,” Coach Bret Botard said. “I was pleased to see that. Hopefully that's a forcast of things to come.”
Things got even more heated up in the second quarter as the pace quickened and both teams picked up their scoring. Jacksboro had no shot of keeping up with Nocona's pace that night as the Indians went into halftime leading 41-21.
Instead of coming out of halftime pleased with their lead, Nocona came out and played their best quarter of the game, out scoring Jacksboro 24-6.
To read more, pick up a weekend edition of the Bowie News.
GARVIN COUNTY, Okla. -- A three-year-old child is at the center of an investigation involving sexual abuse by an adult, Garvin County Sheriff Larry Rhodes said.
Leonard Dale Barrett of Lindsay was arrested and jailed on Friday. He was charged with lewd acts to a child.
Rhodes said the 56-year-old suspect recently moved to the Lindsay area from Massachusetts.
The sheriff's office and the Department of Human Services are continuing to investigate the alleged offenses.
Chicago police officers investigate the scene of a double homicide on the steps of Friendship Baptist Church, located in the 200 block of South Laramie, on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Chicago's Austin community. Alyssa Pointer TNS
Spanning Zig & Zag and Savita, Reeling In The Years and the Magdalene laundries, this new poem by Dublin poet and playwright Stephen James Smith was commissioned as a “celebratory narrative” of Ireland for the 2017 St Patrick's Festival. The poem is accompanied by a short film by director Myles O'Reilly, arranged and mixed by Conor O'Brien (Villagers), with music by Colm Mac Con Iomaire and Loah, Saint Sister, Eithne Ní Chatháin aka Inni-K and Ye Vagabonds.
My Ireland by Stephen James Smith
My Ireland you are
the river rush,
always fluid in flux
in need of a little hush...
My Ireland is talking to itself
but so busy listening to Joe
it's not hearing anything!
My Ireland is saying,
“gra go deo” agus “slainte Diageo”.
My Ireland is reeling in the years
and not watching what's happening now.
While so many are reining in the tears
and trying to cope somehow...
My Ireland is terrified of leaving the immersion on
and lamenting not having won the Eurovision
in God only knows how long!
My Ireland loves laughing at Ó Briain and Norton.
My Ireland is sending gifs and emojis
while waiting for absolution.
My Ireland needs
a vision, an Aisling,
to move on from:
bacon & cabbage,
potatoes, leprechauns,
and jaysis Mrs Brown's Boys!
My Ireland is checking itself
after a Queen's Noble Call
and in Dublin Castle heard
“A Úachtaráin, agus a chairde”
from auld Lizzy.
My Ireland is dizzy from misinformation
and celebrations arising from The Proclamation.
My Ireland wonders if it's a sovereign people
still under the shadow of a steeple?
My Ireland constantly asks:
“was it for this?”
and
“an bhfuil cead agam dul go dtí an leithreas?”
My Ireland is Zig & Zag
and top shelf mags,
Pearse lonely as an old woman
defiant in defeat.
My Ireland is a white flag
and Elizabeth O'Farrell's feet.
My Ireland is Savita needing agency,
The Magdalene Laundries.
My Ireland is hysterical
and in denial of being patriarchal.
My Ireland didn't Wake The Feminists,
Queen Méabh was an early riser.
My Ireland you are:
Cumann na mBan
praying to St. Brigid,
Ireland playing frigid
Naysayers and Peig Sayers.
My Ireland is still Hailing Mary Mother of Grace,
And here's to you Mrs Robinson thanks for the embrace.
My Ireland wishes Grace O'Malley our Pirate Queen
could've been out at Shell to Sea.
My Ireland is cherishing anything
from an Instagram snap of a
ham & cheese toasty
to finding the right filter
for taking that selfie.
My Ireland is rich land
dressed by Penney's.
My Ireland is The Quiet Man
and Waterford Whispers,
shouting for us all.
My Ireland isn't sure what to do about
the water charges
and needs someone to take the fall.
ADVERTISEMENT
My Ireland you are
The river rush of the
Corrib, Nore,
Foyle, Suir, Shannon,
Lagan, Lifey, Lee
And every tributary
Wash over me,
Wash over me,
Wash over me...
My Ireland should learn from its rivers
and burst its banks
My Ireland needs to go back to the source,
the initial trickle, a spring
and tickle out its flow.
My Ireland needs to let go.
My Ireland saw Sinead rip up the Pope
and isn't able to cope.
So we've:
Pieta House, Apollo House, Pelican House
for our new age Blood Sacrifice
and Ghost Estates.
My Ireland doesn't know what a tracker mortgage is
and is hoping it's not too late.
My Ireland sees goodness,
in the kindness
of its people everyday.
Which bonds us
just enough to get by,
My Ireland's sense of community
isn't ready to die!
My Ireland celebrates the underdog
who “Pull Like a Dog”.
“We're not here to take part, we're here to take over!”
My Ireland you are:
The Guildford Four,
Rossport Five,
Birmingham Six,
Travelling people,
and forgotten demographics...
My Ireland is a terrible beauty,
agus
Mol an óige agus tiocfaidh sí.
My Ireland knows,
When All the Others were Away at Mass
there was The Meeting on the Turret Stairs.
My Ireland can let go of all its cares,
it has the arts.
We've The Salmon of Knowledge
and blistered hearts.
My Ireland has warriors like;
Damien Dempsey singing Colony
and
Katie Taylor knocking out misogyny!
My Ireland doesn't forget to pour a sup for the fairies
and our women's fairy tales sail to Holyhead.
My Ireland you are
The river rush of the
Corrib, Nore,
Foyle, Suir, Shannon,
Lagan, Lifey, Lee
And every tributary
Wash over me,
Wash over me,
Wash over me...
My Ireland can be hard to take,
asks, “Did St. Patrick banish all the snakes?”
My Ireland is the Children of Lirr, Tír na nÓg
a herd of deer and a Connacht brogue.
My Ireland is singing,
“Óró sé do bheatha abhaile”, while
the Eastern Europeans are coming,
the Africans are coming,
the Muslims are coming.
Can we all just come together?
My Ireland you are the National Stud.
My Ireland you are:
Four Green Fields
and a clover,
transgender,
other,
Othered,
he,
she,
non defined,
unexplained,
yet to emerge,
fluid queers.
My Ireland may be drunk on 800 years!
My Ireland is the undocumented
and 40 million worldwide.
Failte them abhaile.
Open your arms.
Do you care about your diaspora?
My Ireland you are:
West Brits, Expats, immigrants,
Shane McGowan Tipp via London Town.
Ireland you are:
the Kilburn Road, Ellis Island,
Boston, To Hell or Connacht,
Dubai, Oz and Canada.
Skyping to your Da & Ma
My Ireland's calling...
“Tiocfaidh ár lá!”
My Ireland is pulling the Aran wool over the Yankee eyes,
while thanking its bus drivers since 1916.
My Ireland is worried that,
Dustin the Turkey and The Rubberbandits
deserve more plaudits for speaking the truth.
My Ireland is fearful of the litigious.
My Ireland is a religious delirious crowd and Synging Playboys,
in a post-truth Western-World…
My Ireland is full of notions, revelations framed in song
and the constellations of a plough under which we all belong.
My Ireland is Gerard Donnelly resting in the Phoenix Park
as Wellington's obelisk loom in the dark.
My Ireland is Glendalough, Lough Derg,
skirmishes, Skellig Islands and Star Wars.
My Ireland: the video
My Ireland you are
The river rush of the
Corrib, Nore,
Foyle, Suir, Shannon,
Lagan, Lifey, Lee
And every tributary
Wash over me,
Wash over me,
Wash over me...
My Ireland, oh my,
you are Omagh!
Danny Boy in Loftus Road,
Good Friday, Bloody Sunday
An island in Trouble in shock
caught in the crosshairs of a Glock.
My Ireland is,
Tir gan teanga
Tir gan anam,
and hiding ammunition.
You are white in division,
all sides aiming for some Union...
My Ireland you are:
a Peace Bridge in StrokeCity,
a battle for some,
The Battle of Somme,
a Rising,
a Lily,
a Poppy,
a speech at Woodenbridge,
Others talkin' of leaching on Jobsbridge.
Ireland “is feidir linn!”
Oh yes we can, oh no you can't.
My Ireland's a Gaiety panto.
My Ireland's got the Fear.
Wondering why are we here?
Looking for a pot of gold under
The Cliffs of Moher.
My Ireland's postmodern,
self aware, more than a list poem!
Wandering like Bloom through
the Slieve Bloom and Mourne Mountains.
My Ireland is
Carrickfergus, Carrickmines
the Ring of Kerry, Boyne Valley,
Bunclody, Enniscorthy.
My Ireland you are:
waterways, wildlife, curlew.
You are:
a Seanchaí lament,
a Celtic Phoenix,
perpetual hubris.
Ireland you're not one to complain,
“Níl aon tinteán mar do thinteán féin....”
My Ireland is,
taking the soup,
dropping the ‘O',
Do you feel emancipated?
My Ireland you are:
Bosco knocking on a magic door
Zebo and the Haka in Thomond Park.
You are:
birdsong from a Lark,
Fenians, farmers, freemasons,
executions at Kilmainham Gaol,
you are UN peacekeeping
and speak of The Pale after
Kissing the Blarney Stone.
My Ireland wherever you roam,
you are always a Paddy a Biddy a Mick,
hailing from a Banana Republic.
My Ireland is getting the ride in Copper Face Jack's
and made Big Jack an honorary Irishman.
My Ireland is Anglo Irish
and playing GAA for the parish.
My Ireland is Glenroe and Joanne O'Riordan.
My Ireland you are
and aren't the Vitruvian male
and you're up for sale
at the right price.
My Ireland is
the lovely girls at the Rose of Tralee,
Mount Rose and TV3.
My Ireland will gobble you up!
It's obsessed with:
Clonakilty black pudding,
Superquinn sasuages,
bottom feeders,
Hunger Strikes,
1798 and pikes,
Black & Tans,
yips and yurts,
scapegoats, drive-bys,
fiscal crisis, Jesus, ISIS,
The Irish Elk, Ireland help!
Ireland, viral, Titanic, epidemic,
from Normans to Neither/Norism.
My Ireland is Archbishop Charles McQuaid,
enough said!
ADVERTISEMENT
My Ireland you are
The river rush of the
Corrib, Nore,
Foyle, Suir, Shannon,
Lagan, Lifey, Lee
And every tributary
Wash over me,
Wash over me,
Wash over me...
My Ireland has erased
The Famine, The Great Hunger, The Emergency.
Let's not write our epitaph until we're all free.
My Ireland had a Centenary and got D.P..
My Ireland couldn't look its signatories in the eye.
My Ireland's:
ditties & songs,
sure we'll all sing along,
while Louis Walsh looms
and wooden spoons
cause national trauma.
My Ireland is saying RIP Billo,
and knows Dunphy's a spoofer.
My Ireland's trying to survive on the dole
and livin' off of chicken fillet rolls.
Ireland you are:
Happy Pears and Apple accounts.
Ireland you are still living in the past,
how long can this last?
Do you even understand Peadar Kearney's words?
Ireland invented by Declan Kiberd,
revived by Lady Gregory,
wants a portrait from Colin Davidson
but is scared of what it'll see…
Ireland you are:
Some woman's yellow hair,
Marty Morrissey's hair,
EU fishing quotas,
Bankers, bonuses,
Paddy Clarke HA HA, Enya,
Eircodes, uilleann pipes,
NAMA and the HSE,
a biscuit and stout industry,
Riverdance, The Walls of Limerick,
private islands, apologies,
Bog Poems, Blackberry-Picking, fermenting,
Wild Geese, Web Summits, Harps,
Jimmy X, All Kinds of Everything,
caught in a whirlpool spin.
You are part of the world,
look out
and
look within...
Mise Éire, Ireland, Hibernia,
you are all this
you are all this
and more!
My Ireland you are
trying to be all encompassing
and it's an impossible task.
So I ask you,
“what's your My Ireland?”
Ireland are you evolving,
Arising, an Aisling,
Remembering,
Ireland Arise!
Ireland from what I've heard
a great compassion
is calling you.
You have a teanga,
ao add your voice.
Ireland from what I know
a great courage
is in you.
So stand united rejoice.
Go back to the source, the flow,
forget mainstream.
Let out a roar,
I want to hear you scream:
“This Ireland is my land.
This Ireland is your land.
This island is our land.”
And know I love you.
And know I love you.
I love you.
Sin é!
I'm trying to listen,
so what have you to say?
My Ireland you are
The river rush of the
Corrib, Nore,
Foyle, Suir, Shannon,
Lagan, Lifey, Lee
And every tributary
Wash over me,
Wash over me,
Wash over you,
Wash over us…
@stpatricksfest
www.StephenJamesSmith.com
Twitter @SJSwords
YouTube www.youtube.com/mrstephenjamessmith
There is no them and us when it comes to mental health problems. Every one of us has either suffered from some form of depression, anxiety, obsessive compulsive behaviour or other disturbing, debilitating disorder, or else we have a close friend or family member who has.
“One in six of us will have a mental health problem in the next 12 months. Whether we know it or not, someone we love, some family member or friend is in mental distress at this very moment,” says Jim Lucey, psychiatrist, medical director of St Patrick's Mental Health Services and author of The Life Well Lived: The Therapeutic Journey to Recovery and Wellness (Transworld Ireland Publishers).
Prof Lucey is one of a growing number of psychiatrists and psychologists who value the role of talk therapies in helping people get to grips with emotional and mental distress so as to live life to the full again.
Interestingly, as a psychiatrist, he also clearly states that it is more helpful to identify people's distress as “subjective problems experienced in ordinary life rather than as clinical labels derived from lists of symptoms”.
Value of listening
“There is a great value in listening to people's stories,” Lucey says. “All knowledge begins with history and we can all be transformed in the process. Our human capacity to reshape our futures is vast and we can learn to live, love and work again.”
Jim Lucey: ‘One in six of us will have a mental health problem in the next 12 months'. Photograph: Dara Mac Dónaill
It is interesting to reflect: although there is a lot of talk about looking after our mental health – with many celebrities speaking out about their own suffering – most people still don't share their therapeutic journey to recovery.
“Therapy is still widely misunderstood. Many people still view the experience of going to a therapist as somewhere between the confessional and the courtroom. Modern therapy is about discovery, about the search for a way to live well again,” says Lucey, whose book aims to get people talking about their therapeutic journeys.
At the moment, going to a psychotherapist is like going to a specialist without having seen a GP first”
People don't understand therapy as a process, according to Declan Aherne, a clinical and counselling psychologist and the head of counselling at the University of Limerick.
“They will instead talk about what it meant to them, whether they felt listened to, understood, safe and not judged.”
Dr Aherne is a member of the Psychological Society of Ireland, which is currently establishing a division of psychotherapy. While organisations such as the Irish Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy (IACP) and the Irish Association of Humanistic and Integrative Psychotherapy (IAHIP) already provide directories of accredited counsellors and psychotherapists, the society wants to register psychologists with qualifications in psychotherapy.
Members of the IACP and the IAHIP don't have to be qualified as psychologists or psychiatrists to become psychotherapists, although this doesn't lessen their expertise or skill sets.
Direct access
However, Aherne believes we need more direct access to psychotherapy on a countrywide basis.
“What we really need is an equivalent to [medical] general practitioners for psychotherapists in the primary care system so people can come to a professional therapist to work out the best approach for them,” he says. “At the moment, going to a psychotherapist is like going to a specialist without having seen a GP first.”
Krystian Fikert is a psychologist and chief executive of My Mind Counselling and Psychotherapy Services, a low-cost self-referral psychotherapy and counselling service with centres in Dublin, Cork and Limerick.
“We have 80 mental health professionals working in 10 languages, offering 15 different psychological approaches which they explain in the biographies on mymind.org,” explains Fikert. My Mind also publishes short videos on mymind.org, in which therapists explain their work and their approach.
“Trust is the number one priority in the therapy process and there is no progress without trust,” says Fikert who adds that self-referral is central to the way My Mind works.
Even as grief, trauma and abuse bring with them great pain, they do not inevitably bring despair”
“We realise that when a client is really ready for therapy and is finally moving towards starting the process, they are very open and ready for this work. Their feedback is very positive then compared to someone who is dragged in or asked to engage with a therapist. In the [latter] case, there is frustration, lack of co-operation to work with the mental health professional.”
Krystian Fikert: ‘Trust is the number one priority in the therapy process and there is no progress without trust.'
Therapy challenged
Aherne says clients will often be challenged by their therapist, which may lead them to give negative feedback about the therapist. “We have seen numbers of students come to therapy double in the last 10 years,” he adds, “but sometimes, people want a quick fix. They may want a therapist to collude with them in their avoidance of emotions.
“But, paradoxically, what you want to get away from is what you have to turn to and face. In therapy, we learn that the very thing we think is going to destroy us, won't destroy us once we bring it into view and look at it.”
With an ever-expanding range of therapies on offer, Lucey says the introduction of mindfulness techniques into therapy has been one of the most helpful and hopeful developments of this era.
“All modern therapies aim to be more mindful, more focused and more flexible. Even as grief, trauma and abuse bring with them great pain, they do not inevitably bring despair,” he writes in The Life Well Lived.
Associated stigma
However, all therapists are still aware of the stigma associated with admitting to suffering from a mental health problem. Some psychotherapy clients even suggest that the celebrity disclosures don't make them feel any less vulnerable. In fact, in some cases it can make people feel more exposed, less equipped and possibly more propelled to speak out without adequate support.
Modern therapies need to more available, more affordable and more reliable and we need to raise our expectations of their value in mental healthcare”
Lucey doesn't want people to tackle the stigma of mental health problems by sharing their personal experiences of therapy if this makes them feel vulnerable. “More education about mental wellbeing and better therapy are preferable options in the battle to defeat stigma than a campaign of self-disclosure,” he says.
He adds that “compassionate listening and intelligent kindness” are the key attributes of a good therapist. When the therapist brings these attributes to the therapeutic relationship, the process itself helps the person overcome feelings of guilt, shame, blame, stigma and self-stigma – all the emotions which become entwined into the mental health problems.
“In mental health distress, the burden of guilt and excessive self-criticism is the most dangerous of all,” says Lucey.
Still, the person in therapy must also bring something to the process. According to Lucey, the person must engage with therapy and have a willingness to learn.
Moving forward
And it's not just about why the mental health problems arose but how to move forward from here.
“Recovery requires hope and imagination and each person creates their own path to wellness,” Lucey writes in The Life Well Lived.
In the book, he examines various therapeutic approaches through personal histories which he constructed with people who came to him for therapy. However, he clearly acknowledges that these therapies remain unavailable to many people who need them.
“Modern therapies need to more available, more affordable and more reliable and we need to raise our expectations of their value in mental healthcare,” he says.
Fikert agrees wholeheartedly.
“We want to normalise access to mental health professionals. It should be like going to the doctor so that therapy is as acceptable to a farmer in Offaly as it is to a student in Dublin. This is still not the case as there is much more expertise and access to therapy in the cities than in rural Ireland.”
The transformative power of peer support
The transformative power of peer support programmes for people recovering from mental illness are highlighted in a new study from the School of Nursing at Trinity College Dublin. Researchers carried out in-depth interviews with 26 people who went through a programme of peer support recovery with the mental health charity, Grow.
The study found that while medical treatment and mental health professionals can be a vital start to recovery, mental health problems can also be resolved through peer and community support and everyday social interactions.
Interviewees described how they escaped from the alienated isolation of mental illness through participation in the “small compassionate social body of a weekly mutual support group”.
The interviewees first spoke about negative life experiences such as bullying, abuse, bereavement or family disharmony which resulted in a slow build up of distress, leading to emotional chaos.
“Over the last 20 years, I have heard many harrowing stories of suffering, abuse and neglect which have led people to seek help from the weekly friendly Grow peer support group,” says Rob Stephen, national chairman of Grow.
“I am continuously amazed and inspired at how a random group of strangers from very diverse backgrounds can meet weekly to discuss and ultimately solve their own personal problems,” he adds.
The researchers describe this process in three stages. Firstly, “the dialogues of terror” in which people describe how emotions of terror, rage and despair impacted on their thinking and behaviour, resulting in personal isolation.
Secondly, “the dialogues of healing” where people found themselves developing trust, becoming hopeful and experiencing a sense of value, belonging and responsibility within the group.
And, thirdly, “the dialogues of becoming” which has a focus on healthy life choices and social involvement such as studying, volunteering, and working.
The research findings and personal stories of recovery from mental health problems are published in Narratives of Recovery from Mental Illness (Routledge).
Mike Watts, Trinity research fellow and co-author of the book, says, “This study challenges perceptions about the competency of people with mental health problems around their own recovery and highlights how peer supported empowerment and risk taking is so powerful in helping and supporting people find niches in the community so they can move beyond the peer support community.”
Dr Watts hopes the book will be a source of hope for people struggling with emotional distress.
ABCNews.com(WASHINGTON) — Following bipartisan criticism of his response to the unrest in Charlottesville, Virginia, the president publicly condemned white supremacists and other hate groups by name for the first time since violence broke out.
“Racism is evil,” Trump said on Monday. “Those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
“As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America,” Trump added.
Trump condemned the specific hate groups two days after a rally organized by white supremacists in Charlottesville turned deadly. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a man intentionally drove into a crowd of counter-protesters and 35 more people were injured. James Alex Fields Jr., an alleged Nazi sympathizer, has been charged with second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count related to leaving the scene.
But while Trump addressed the situation in Charlottesville during a briefing on Saturday, calling for “the swift restoration of law,” he failed to mention the hate groups by name, instead condemning “violence on many sides.”
Susan Bro, Heyer's mother, thanked the president for his words of “comfort and for denouncing those who promote violence and hatred” after his address on Monday.
A significant number of lawmakers criticized Trump's delay in condemning those groups.
“It shouldn't take the President of the United States two days to summon the basic decency to condemn murder and violence by Nazis and white supremacists,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement.
“If the President is sincere about rejecting white supremacists, he should remove all doubt by firing Steve Bannon and the other alt-right white supremacist sympathizers in the White House,” Pelosi added.
Sen. Lindsey Graham kept his response short, tweeting, “Well done Mr. President,” following Trump's comments on Monday.
A spokesperson for Sen. James Lankford, R-Okla., said the senator “applauds the president for clearly communicating the evilness of racism and clearly calling out the KKK, neo-Nazis, and white supremacists.”
But Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., criticized Trump's initial response and delay in condemning the specific groups involved.
It's easy to tweet that hate has no place in America. — Kamala Harris (@SenKamalaHarris) August 14, 2017
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va. and the state's former governor, took on a different stance, telling MSNBC that Trump “sounded presidential” but he “wished he would have said those words on Saturday.”
“But I will give the president the benefit today. He said those words and now, we have to make sure his Department of Justice acts on those words. We fully pursue not only this one individual [James Alex Fields Jr.] … but the DOJ will also go after these hate groups across the country because they'll be back,” Warner told MSNBC.
Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Calif., said she found it puzzling how Trump “didn't hesitate to attack” Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier over his resignation but “balks at calling out avowed white supremacists” for what they stand for.
Trump has accused Frazier of focusing on “lower rip-off drug prices” on Monday, just hours after Frazier resigned from the president's American Manufacturing Council in what he described as a stand “against intolerance and extremism.”
Odd how @POTUS doesn't hesitate for a second to attack CEO of #Merck, yet balks at calling out avowed white supremacists for what they are. — Jackie Speier (@RepSpeier) August 14, 2017
Rep. Don Beyer, D-Va., criticized the president shortly after his speech on Twitter: “Donald Trump's decision to support Arpaio *during* the Charlottesville crisis, as he refused to condemn white supremacy, speaks volumes.”
Donald Trump's decision to support Arpaio *during* the Charlottesville crisis, as he refused to condemn white supremacy, speaks volumes. 4/4 — Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) August 14, 2017
Beyer is referencing Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was found guilty of criminal contempt for refusing a state judge's order to stop targeting people he believed were undocumented immigrants during traffic patrols. The president told Fox News Sunday that he is “seriously considering” a pardon for the sheriff.
Beyer also pointed out that it took two full days of bipartisan criticism and “pleading by aides” as well as senior officials like Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his own daughter, Ivanka, for Trump to “issue this basic condemnation.”
Donald Trump's decision to support Arpaio *during* the Charlottesville crisis, as he refused to condemn white supremacy, speaks volumes. 4/4 — Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) August 14, 2017
Rep. Mike Quigley, D-Illinois, said while he was pleased Trump “had finally identified this hate,” he added that such comments should have come 47 hours ago and that “words only mean so much.” Quigley added that America was “watching and waiting.”
It's never too late to do the right thing. Public denouncement should've come 47 hrs ago, but I'm pleased Trump finally identified this hate — Mike Quigley (@RepMikeQuigley) August 14, 2017
Sen. Angus King, an independent from Maine, said he hoped Trump's words “would begin to unite what white supremacists and bigotry in VA aimed to divide.”
Racism in all forms is wrong. Let's hope the President's words begin to unite what white supremacists and bigotry in VA aimed to divide. — Senator Angus King (@SenAngusKing) August 14, 2017
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., also responded to the president's brief remarks, calling it “inexcusable” that Trump waiting so long.
“Denouncing white supremacists, KKK, & neo-Nazis should have been instinctive & instant. Trump's failure shows lack of moral leadership,” Blumenthal said in his first tweet, adding “delay greatly dilutes the message.”
Denouncing white supremacists, KKK, & neo-Nazis should have been instinctive & instant. Trump's failure shows lack of moral leadership. — Richard Blumenthal (@SenBlumenthal) August 14, 2017
Waiting 2 days to condemn hate groups and racism is inexcusable. Delay greatly dilutes the message. — Richard Blumenthal (@SenBlumenthal) August 14, 2017
Chair of the Democratic National Committee Tom Perez also criticized Trump's delay, writing: “History won't forget that when the streets of Charlottesville echoed with evil, Donald Trump responded with silence.”
History won't forget that when the streets of Charlottesville echoed with evil, Donald Trump responded with silence. — Tom Perez (@TomPerez) August 14, 2017
For his part, Rep. David Cicilline, D-Rhode Island, tweeted: “It shouldn't take 72 hours for the President to condemn Nazis marching in the street.”
It shouldn't take 72 hours for the President to condemn Nazis marching in the street. — David Cicilline (@davidcicilline) August 14, 2017
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The Government will seek EU funding to help businesses affected by the UK's departure from the union, the Taoiseach said on Wednesday afternoon, in a major speech on the Coalition's Brexit policy.
Speaking at an Institute of International and European Affairs event at the Mansion House in Dublin, the Taoiseach said that “stabilisation and adjustment measures” for the businesses most affected by Brexit will be funded by the Government.
He said support for these measures will be sought from Brussels.
In a wide-ranging speech, Mr Kenny said that Brexit poses “unprecedented political, economic and diplomatic challenges for Ireland” and warned that the negotiations on the UK's exit will be “the most important negotiations in our history as an independent state.
“How we deal with it in the months and years ahead will define the future of our island for decades to come,” Mr Kenny said.
“Brexit is a British policy, not an Irish policy or an EU policy. I continue to believe it is bad for Britain, for Ireland and for Europe.
“But I respect the referendum result, and I recognise that Brexit is now going to happen. Unfortunately, its most severe impact could well be felt on this island,” he said.
In the speech, the Taoiseach toughened his rhetoric about the Government's opposition to any form of a Border on the island after the UK leaves both the EU and the EU customs union.
“Let me be absolutely clear on one point. It is a matter of vital national interest for Ireland that we do not return to the days of a hard Border that we knew only too well. Or indeed, create a new one in the future,” Mr Kenny said.
“This is a political matter, not a legal or technical matter. It will have to be solved by political leadership.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Mr Kenny said he has stressed these points “to every European leader I have met”.
The Taoiseach also warned that the collapse of the Northern institutions will hamper efforts to protect the interests of the North in the Brexit negotiations.
“With the dissolution of the Assembly, there is a very real danger that the absence of political leadership in Northern Ireland will lead to a retreat to partisan debate and an even greater marginalisation of Northern Ireland's concerns,” he said.
“The Brexit process will not wait for another round of lengthy talks in Stormont. When article 50 is triggered, the world will move on, and it will move on quickly.
“Of course, I will do my best to put forward the interests of the North in the Brexit negotiations,” he said.
Export markets
Mr Kenny said that, as part of its response to Brexit, the Government will embark on a campaign to grow export markets in eurozone countries.
“Based on that strategy, we will undertake the largest-ever programme of Ministerial trade missions in 2017,” he said.
The National Competitiveness Council will carry out research specifically to benchmark our competitiveness against the UK, as UK policies evolve for a post-Brexit environment, he said.
Mr Kenny also said a new 10-year capital plan will plan investments with Brexit in mind.
The Government will seek to tap European funding for the capital projects in the plan, he said.
“That plan will make prudent and effective use of our own resources, as well as resources available to Ireland as a member of the EU.
“We are already in active discussions with the European Investment Bank (EIB), which recently opened an office here in Dublin.
“I am confident those discussions will lead to significant further EIB investments in Ireland.”
He said the capital plan would include “detailed, funded plans to complete the national road network, including links between Dublin and Derry and Donegal, and to accelerate delivery of critical public transport infrastructure”.
Honour guards march past the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) flag and Vietnamese flag in the background, after a flag raising ceremony to mark the 45th anniversary of the regional group at Vietnam's Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hanoi, Vietnam August 8, 2017. Source: Reuters/Kham
“WE WON'T declare war, we just ask to get our land back,” said Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen last Friday, providing a window of six days for Lao troops he accused on encroaching on the kingdom's territory to leave. The very next day, they did.
Fifty years ago, prior to the establishment of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean), this kind of chest beating may well have sparked a full-scale war between Cambodia and its neighbours.
“The likelihood of member-states resorting to war or the threat of war to resolve disputes among each other has been reduced to virtually zero,” said A. Ibrahim Almuttaqi, Head of the Asean Studies Program at Jakarta-based thinktank the Habibie Centre.
“This is a far cry from the uncertain and distrustful situation that the region was in prior to 1967.”
SEE ALSO: Asean Literary Festival celebrates art, free speech and 50 years of regional cooperation
Even border clashes between Cambodia and Thailand between 2008 and 2011 which cost dozens of lives on either side fizzled out after the International Court of Justice ordered both militaries to withdraw from the disputed areas, with Asean representatives appointed to observe the ceasefire.
Formed under American influence at a time when the region was synonymous with war, poverty and political instability, the “Asean way” of consensus building and intransigent non-interference has undoubtedly been a significant contributor to peace and economic development in Southeast Asia.
Nevertheless, Asean's performance in promoting human rights and democracy has been lacklustre.
“Leaders should seize upon this milestone to redouble their efforts to promote real change,” said Cambodian lawmaker Mu Sochua of the Asean Parliamentarians for Human Rights (APHR) group in a statement last week.
“Asean consistently emphasises its ‘people-centered' nature, but existing mechanisms and commitments are devoid of popular buy-in. They require fundamental restructuring if they are to succeed at their stated aims.”
Bangkok Declaration
“Sports-shirt diplomacy” is how Time magazine described negotiations among the foreign ministers of five Southeast Asian countries at a resort in southern Thailand during August 1967.
While the meeting was accompanied by “days of golf and conviviality,” the subsequent Bangkok Declaration was a hard-fought achievement: a document defined by regional cooperation to promote peace and stability through upholding the rule of law and principles of the UN Charter.
Somewhat remarkably, the signing took place on 8 August 1967 – almost exactly a year after the cessation of violent conflict between Indonesia and Malaysia which had lasted from 1963 to 1966.
Asean's Declaration was founded on the principles of cooperation, amity and, importantly, non-interference. It prioritised accelerating “economic growth, social progress and cultural development” in “the spirit of equality and partnership.”
SEE ALSO: Taming a ‘giant': Expert says Asean must flex muscles to rein in China
The United States had pushed for Asean's creation, while China criticised the regional organisation as another imperial project of the west. But last week, both warmly congratulated the regional bloc.
“[We] look forward to continuing our partnership and friendship with the people and governments of Southeast Asia and the Asean Secretariat to advance peace, stability, and prosperity for all,” said a statement from US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Asean Day.
“Our partnership is growing as we address shared challenges such as terrorism, trafficking in persons, and maritime security.”
Chinese President Xi Jinping personally congratulated Asean and almost identically echoed Tillerson's sentiments, praising the bloc as a force for “regional peace, stability and prosperity.”
“China is willing to continue sticking to the principles of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness,” said state media outlet Xinhua.
Peace and stability
“The major achievement of Asean over the past 50 years has undoubtedly been the decades of peace that the region has enjoyed,” said Almuttaqi.
While most of the Asean states have battled internal insurgencies of the communist, Islamist or separatist variety – seen most recently in Marawi City in the Philippines – none have gone to war with each other since the 1980s.
Couched between the rival giants of China and India, the bloc is also proving more and more important for Asian and global security – not least via its annual Regional Forum.
Last weekend in Manila, Asean released a joint communique calling for non-militarisation and self-restraint in the South China Sea, raising concern regarding Beijing's building of artificial islands in the contested waters. It was more confidently worded than many expected.
With four of its members – Philippines, Malaysia, Vietnam and Brunei – claiming maritime territory in the South China Sea, the bloc succeeded in releasing a framework for a code of conduct with China that will facilitate its conclusion on a mutually agreed timeline.
Moreover, Asean presented a united front in calling for denuclearisation on the Korean peninsula.
SEE ALSO: Asean adopts South China Sea framework, urges peace in Korean Peninsula
A Nobel Peace Prize for Asean is “long overdue” thinks Kishore Mahbubani, Dean of the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy of the National University of Singapore.
“They have taken the most diverse region on planet earth and delivered peace,” he said recently, “at a time when the world is becoming more and more pessimistic.”
Asean is home to about 250 million Muslims, 150 million Buddhists, 120 million Christians, 7 million Hindus and adherents of other faiths like Confucianism, Taoism and countless indigenous religions.
In his book The ASEAN Miracle: A Catalyst for Peace, Mahbubani argues that Asean's diversity is a strength rather than a weakness, allowing the bloc to bring together the world's great powers.
Nevertheless, the organisation's stubborn policy of non-interference risks meaning Asean would be unable to intervene in a major humanitarian crisis, such as a major escalation in violence against the persecuted Rohingya Muslims in Burma.
“Asean needs to adapt or risk becoming irrelevant in a rapidly evolving global environment,” said Malaysian parliamentarian Charles Santiago, who argued non-interference restricts its “ability to act decisively to address a host of other issues.”
Development and trade
Australia's shadow spokesperson for foreign affairs Penny Wong last week praised Asean's “immense contribution to Asia's rise,” stating that it had “exceeded the expectations of its founders, and become even more critical both economically and in terms of regional security.”
Bouncing back from the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis which caused social and political upheaval across the region, Asean's economic growth has been steady at 4.6 percent since 2014. By 2030, the Asean Economic Community is projected to become the world's fourth largest economy.
A Mackinsey study from 2014 showed that those living in extreme poverty in Asean had declined drastically over the previous decade. In 2000, 14 percent of Asean's population was earning less than US$1.25 a day, a figure which had dropped to just 3 percent by 2013.
Asean's combined GDP, however, remains lower than the United Kingdom, Germany and Japan. Stark income inequalities between the region's rich and poor poses a threat to long-term social and political stability.
A 2014 report from the Asean-Canada Research Partnership found Asean's economy was “characterised by increasing income inequality … increasingly poor governance and institutional quality.”
SEE ALSO: Malaysian PM thinks Malay should be the language of Asean
Cambodian lawmaker Mu Sochua said last week, “if the majority of people are unable to enjoy the benefits brought by peace and economic growth, then our work is not done.”
“Asean is home to over 600 million people but it is important to remember that not all of them live in Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur or Bangkok,” said Almuttaqi. “Asean needs to look at itself and ask what are they doing to help benefit these people.”
“Leaders eager to cast aside human rights concerns as they pursue other priorities, like economic integration and combatting terrorism, are gaining strength from the poor examples they're setting for one another,” added Teddy Baguilat from the Philippines House of Representatives.
Nevertheless, “it is difficult to see how ASEAN will be able to move away from the principle of non-interference as it is such a cornerstone of member-states' interaction with one another,” said Almuttaqi.
Human rights
In praise of Asean's achievement of peace, security and prosperity, Mahbubani points to the cooperation of Singapore's Lee Kuan Yew, Indonesia's Suharto, and Malaysia's Mahathir Mohamad.
Indeed, LKY oversaw the incredible transformation of Singapore from an uneducated nation with mass unemployment and no natural resources to one of the richest countries on the planet; while Suharto and Mahathir, for better or worse, shaped the modern incarnation of their nations.
But these three leaders have something in common: all are widely considered dictators who quashed any criticism and imposed an anti-democratic nation building agenda upon their countries.
Famously, LKY rejected western criticism of repressive Singapore, claiming that professedly universal human rights principles were in fact liberal, Judeo-Christian constructs contradictory to “Asian values.”
This strongman tradition of dismissing human rights and international law continues today: not the least through leaders like Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and the Thai junta's Prayut Chan-o-cha.
While the foreign affairs minister of the Philippines declared this week among Asean leaders that there could be “no compromise” on human rights, Duterte has famously threatened to kill human rights defenders and has said that Islamic State fighters can “forget human rights” protection.
SEE ALSO: Philippines seeks to promote its war on drugs to Asean
He runs a government which by January 2017 had presided over the deaths of 7,000 Filipinos in a chaotic, lawless war on drugs. Duterte has declared martial law in the Mindanao region – a decision reminiscent of the Philippines' pre-democratic past.
Worryingly, Duterte's brutal methods appear to be spreading to Indonesia. Just weeks ago, Jokowi ordered Indonesian police to shoot foreign drug traffickers on sight if they resisted arrest.
Despite high hopes for the Indonesian president when he was elected in 2014, many have begun to fear a return to Suharto-era crackdowns on civil and political rights. The unprecedented banning of fundamentalist Islamic group Hizbut Tahrir under Jokowi is evidence of this.
“Asean governments must embrace the universality of human rights and quit hiding behind so-called ‘Asian values' as an excuse to avoid addressing difficult questions,” said Santiago.
Long live Asean
Challenges abound for Asean, which is wedged between China and India. For starters, its combined population in 2015 was the third largest in the world after these two regional hegemons.
Today, the region is home to around 625 million people – almost ten percent of the world's population – who all need to be fed, educated and put into work.
The next fifty years will be a test of whether Asean can continue to preserve peace in the region, lift its peoples out of poverty, and meet its professed commitment to “continue to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms.”
China is aggressively pursuing influence in individual Southeast Asian states via its Belt and Road initiative while under Trump, the United States' short-lived pivot to Asia has all but come to an end.
Volatile and at times violent ethno-religious tensions threaten progress in both Indonesia and the fledgling democracy of Burma. Singapore and Malaysia's illiberal, undemocratic polities cannot last forever, irrespective of material progress. The rule of law is gravely at risk in the Philippines.
Executive Director of La Trobe Asia Professor Nick Bisley wrote that “the organisation is famous for its love of process, with more than 1,000 meetings held every year – often with little to show for it.”
But in spite of the organisation's enduring shortcomings, Almuttaqi remains optimistic that Asean will continue to “see the political, security, economic and socio-cultural aspirations of the region determined by the peoples of Southeast Asian themselves.”
People walk past a Wumei convenience store, part of the Wumart Stores retail company, in Beijing, Thursday, May 31, 2018. China's supreme court has thrown out the fraud conviction of a retail tycoon in an unusual gesture of official leniency toward entrepreneurs amid a string of high-profile detentions and prosecutions that has rattled the Chinese business world. Mark Schiefelbein AP Photo
Billy Gardell's switch from comedy to 'evil genius' Billy Gardell has never been shy in proclaiming Jackie Gleason as his entertainment role model. So it's no surprise that Gardell found some parallels between Gleason and Col. Tom Parker,...
'Mike & Molly' star's farewell: 'It changed my life' CBS sitcom “Mike & Molly” wraps its six-season run Monday night — and series co-star Billy Gardell promises that viewers will “laugh, have some happy tears and be happy with...
In the game (show): Billy Gardell set to host 'Monopoly Millionaires' Club' “Mike & Molly” star Billy Gardell is entering the game-show arena. Gardell begins his run this Sunday (7 p.m./Ch. 11) as the host of “Monopoly Millionaires' Club,” taped at a...
6 sitcom stars-turned-game show hosts Sitcom stars (OK, and one late-night personality) are in high demand as game show hosts. In the past several years, we've seen Drew Carey, Steve Harvey, Jane Lynch, Wayne Brady,...
Guest subs to host ‘Late Late Show' until Corden's arrival CBS is preparing for life after Craig Ferguson — and before James Corden. The network on Wednesday announced its roster of guest hosts who will fill in on “The Late...
MANY buyers are using several upper north shore suburbs as stepping stones onto the local property ladder.
Apartment owners are most likely to use Roseville, Warrawee and Pymble as entry points onto the local property, while homeowners were mostly likely to use Lane Cove West and West Pymble.
Data from CoreLogic found that these suburbs had the highest turnover rate of ownership across the entire north shore.
SIGN UP FOR THE NSW REAL ESTATE NEWSLETTER HERE
On average Roseville residents sell their apartments after only 5.5 years and Warrawee was closely followed on 5.8 years, while Pymble occupiers stayed for 6.7 years. If you own a house, data suggests that you are more likely to stay put for longer, but Lane Cove West residents were likely to seek something new after 9.3 years, followed by West Pymble (9.8 years).
Savills Lindfield selling agent Charles Caravousanos said Roseville and Warrawee were two suburbs that many buyers use as a stepping stone.
“These suburbs have high turnovers as young families buy here and sell a few years later to buy a house in the area,” he said. “Roseville is a place where people come from the city, but don't want to go too far north in one go, as they still want the closeness to the city.”
On the other hand, Warrawee had a high turnover due to price, Mr Caravousanos said.
“Warrawee comes down to pricing, it is by far more economical than surrounding suburbs. So this is a stepping stone on a price point alone,” he said.
Warrawee was one of the most affordable suburbs to buy on the north shore with a median unit price of $779,500, date shows.
McGrath Wahroonga agent Domenic Maxwell said these suburbs had many buyers using extra capital to upgrade.
“Lots of people get into the market by using these suburbs and over the past few years, these buyers have used the increase in appreciation on what they paid to use the additional equity to buy something bigger,” Mr Maxwell said.
Lagos, a state in South Western Nigeria boasts of a population of over 20 million people. It is reputed to be Nigeria's fastest growing city and the commercial nerve of the country. The state is not with violence and terrible clashes in some parts of...
According to BBC News, six people are dead and more than 70 people have been hospitalized at this time from a fire that roared through a west London tower Tuesday night. The fire is still burning this morning and more casualties are expected according to authorities.
The blaze was reported at 12:54 (British Summer Time) and was said to have started on the 4th floor and spread extremely fast.
Witnesses say people were trapped in the building. The tower has 120 flats (apartments) so there would around 700 people in the building at the time the fire started.
People who live in that tower block that have evacuated are asked to let authorities know they are safe.
The Grenfell Action Group said they had voiced concerns regarding the building maintenance and stating there are fire risks.
The story is still developing.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County trail Cardiff City 1-0 at half-time in Tuesday night's vital Sky Bet Championship encounter at Pride Park Stadium.
Callum Paterson's 28th-minute volley separated the two promotion hopefuls at the interval.
Gary Rowett made two changes from the side that started the 2-1 home defeat to Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Derby's two leading scorers this season, Matej Vydra and David Nugent, were both dropped from the starting line-up.
They were replaced by Andreas Weimann and former Cardiff man Cameron Jerome.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Rowett stuck with the 3-4-2-1 formation that he used for the first time against Boro, with a back three of Richard Keogh, Curtis Davies and Craig Forsyth, and Andre Wisdom and Marcus Olsson operating as wing-backs.
Ikechi Anya (calf) and Sam Winnall (knee) both remained sidelined by injury.
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock made four changes following the 2-1 victory over Nottingham Forest.
Sol Bamba, Callum Paterson, former Rams winger Jamie Ward and Gary Madine were drafted into the starting line-up.
Out went Craig Bryson, who was ineligible to face his parent club, Lee Peltier, Nathaniel Mendez-Laing and Kenneth Zohore.
There was a highly-charged atmosphere inside the ground, as expected, as the game got under way.
The opening stages were dominated by set pieces. Derby had to deal with Aron Gunnarsson's long throws, while forcing a string of corners themselves.
From one of those, delivered by Tom Lawrence, Bradley Johnson's first-time effort was deflected narrowly wide of the near post.
In the 12th minute, Lawrence whipped in a dangerous free kick from the left, which keeper Neil Etheridge managed to collect at the second attempt.
Etheridge was called into action again five minutes later to deny the Rams an opening goal.
Weimann robbed Bamba and surged forward down the right before squaring for Lawrence, who touch a touch before seeing his low shot well blocked by the advancing keeper.
Cardiff felt they should have had a penalty after 20 minutes, when Ward's speculative effort was deflected behind off Johnson. However, appeals for handball against the Derby midfielder were waved away by referee Andrew Madley.
Junior Hoilett blazed over from the edge of the box after a long clearance by Etheridge dropped kindly for him.
Derby will have been satisfied by the start they had made - but they fell behind in the 28th minute.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
A long ball into the box from the left went over the heads of Madine, Davies and Forsyth, and Paterson drilled a right-foot volley inside Carson's near post from an angle.
It might have got worse for the Rams five minutes later. Hoilett headed Ward's cross from the left back across goal and Madine could not quite get there to apply the finish.
The striker felt he was being fouled as he went for the ball but, again, the penalty appeals fell upon deaf ears.
Derby needed a response, and they could have levelled in the 37th minute.
Lawrence chipped the ball in from the left and Jerome flicked on, but Weimann missed the target from 10 yards out.
Forsyth saw a shot blocked, while Etheridge was out quickly to save at the feet of Weimann.
At the other end, Ward fired over from 20 yards and Joe Ralls did likewise with the final action of the half.
Alyssa Capel
Using Buddhism-Based Compassion Training to Combat Compassion Fatigue
This article originally appeared here.
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Patient care suffers when physicians are experiencing compassion fatigue.
Long hours, constant worry about the health of patients, and increases in clerical work can lead to physicians becoming overworked, frustrated, and depressed. One issue specific to healthcare professionals is compassion fatigue, which can result in emotional numbing.
Any type of burnout affecting physicians can lead to decreased quality of patient care, including increases in medical errors. Some medical schools are creating programs specifically to target physician burnout, such as Stanford Medicine's Compassion Cultivation Training and Emory University's Cognitively-Based Compassion Training (CBCT) program.
Emory's CBCT program is a part of the university's Center for Contemplative Science and Compassion-Based Ethics, which aims to combine both Western and Tibetan Buddhist traditions to address compassion fatigue and burnout on an intellectual, rather than material, level. According to the program website, "CBCT...deliberately and systematically works to cultivate compassion."1
Benito Suares, PhD, senior associate dean for research at the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Peoria, emphasized the importance of compassion vs empathy in an interview with the Journal-Star of Peoria, noting that empathy "is an essential tool for practicing medicine, but sometimes manifests itself as a feeling of shared suffering. CBCT can help students learn to see patients in pain, but rather than suffer alongside them, aspire to improve their situation."2
The program uses strategies such as meditation to encourage mental clarity and stability, self-compassion, appreciation for others, and empathy. "The practice of CBCT intensifies the desire to help others, allowing compassion to become more natural and spontaneous in one's everyday life," the program information notes. For physicians who are constantly confronted with situations that necessitate compassion and empathy, compassion training can relieve some of the burden and allow for increased self-care.
Carol E. Beck, associate director for communications and operations at the center, is hopeful about the future of CBCT-based programs in the healthcare field: "We are growing organically as the program is discovered...at other institutions, such as the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Peoria, [the] Cleveland Clinic...and Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein in São Paulo, Brazil," she said in an interview with Medical Bag. "Most recently, we taught CBCT to the practitioners in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit at Children's Hospital Atlanta,"
Ms Beck added that the program is expanding to other healthcare professionals, including nurses, hospital chaplains, and emergency physicians. "[There are] researchers using CBCT as a clinical intervention working across the US, Brazil, and Europe."
References
Dharamsala: New captain Thisara Perera Sunday hailed Suranga Lakmal as Sri Lanka's premier fast bowler after he led the visitors to a seven-wicket win over India in the first one-day international.
Lakmal returned career-best ODI figures of 4-13 to help dismiss India for just 112, with Sri Lanka achieving the target in 20.4 overs and taking a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
The visitors lost two early wickets in their chase before opening batsman Upul Tharanga made a 46-ball 49 to help his team end a 12-match losing streak.
“First of all we have to give 200 percent credit to our bowlers. They were disciplined, and bowled the right length and the right areas,” Perera said.
“This is an unplayable wicket. We didn't expect that. We expected 250-260, but after that Suranga and Angelo (Mathews) bowled very well.
“At the moment, (Lakmal) is our first fast bowler. He's done very well in the Test series as well,” Perera said of Lakmal, who took eight wickets in the three Tests against India. Tharanga, who lost his limited-overs captaincy to Perera ahead of the series, was denied his fifty by Hardik Pandya who had the left-handed batsman caught at first slip.
Angelo Mathews, 25 not out, and Niroshan Dickwella, on 26, then steered their team home for a win savoured by the visitors after losing the Test series 1-0 last week.
“I have to mention that Upul gave a good start and he's one of our best openers,” Perera said of Tharanga, who had opted out of his team's Twenty20 match in Lahore and was subsequently removed as captain last month.
Pace spearhead Lakmal set up victory for the islanders after Perera won the toss and elected to bowl first at the picturesque ground overlooking the Himalayas.
The lanky paceman rattled the Indian batting during his extended spell of 10 overs as India collapsed to 29-7 before Mahendra Singh Dhoni fought back with a gritty 65 to take the total past 100. With India in danger of being bowled out for an historic low — Zimbabwe's 35 in 2004 versus Sri Lanka is the all-time record — Dhoni put on a crucial 41-run partnership with Kuldeep Yadav for the eighth wicket.
The pair took India past 54, their own lowest total, which was set against Sri Lanka in 2000.
Dhoni hit 10 fours and two sixes in his 87-ball stay, getting his 67th ODI half-century before he was finally dismissed by Perera to wrap up the Indian innings.
It was a horror start for skipper Rohit Sharma, named captain in place of the absent Virat Kohli who is officially resting ahead of the South Africa tour.
Mathews — who returned to bowl after recovering from a calf injury — drew first blood, trapping Indian opener Shikhar Dhawan for nought in the second over of the innings. Lakmal soon got Sharma caught behind for two as the Indian top-order found it hard to counter the bounce and swing at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium.
“Today was not the ideal day for all our batters. It was an eye-opener. Hopefully we can regroup and come back in the next two matches,” said Sharma.
“Not such a great experience (to lead for the first time), because we lost, but we've got to forget what happened,” he added.
The action now moves to the second ODI in Mohali on Wednesday.
(AFP)
What just happened? Jeff Bezos and Devin Wenig have received a letter from the FCC asking their businesses to stop selling set-top boxes that are not compliant with current regulations. Aside from never having passed FCC certifications, several boxes are being targeted in relation to piracy of copyrighted content.
Amazon and eBay CEOs recently received a letter from the Federal Communications Commission requesting that their businesses stop selling set-top boxes of questionable origins. Several in question have FCC certification logs but there is no record of the products ever being approved.
Additionally, many boxes have been put under scrutiny since they have been used in consumer fraud and theft of intellectual property. The FCC's main complaint is that "these devices are being used to illegally stream copyrighted content," and are allegedly causing billions of dollars in theft of entertainment.
In this case, the FCC has acknowledged that both eBay and Amazon have taken steps to prevent the sale of counterfeit goods on their respective platforms. It has been requested that any manufacturers, sellers, distributors, and suppliers found to be selling fraudulent or non-compliant goods be referred to the FCC.
Devices that have not passed FCC certification may not be compliant with electromagnetic interference requirements. While it is possible that interference is caused by non-compliant devices, the main reason for the letter here is still undoubtedly piracy. Pay TV providers as well as Netflix, Amazon, and major Hollywood studios have all gone after set-top box businesses in the past because of their facilitation of piracy.
Kodi is notoriously used a means of viewing illegal content, but was not mentioned by name in the FCC letter. However, even Amazon's own Fire TV and Fire Stick streaming devices can be modified to install the software needed to easily obtain pirated content. The issue of illegitimate set-top boxes is a problem, but getting rid of questionable products is unlikely to have much effect on illegal use of copyrighted content.
Qualcomm on Wednesday at its voice and music developer conference in Shenzhen announced a new audio platform that'll all but guarantee we'll soon see a wave of smart speakers flood the market.
The aptly-named Qualcomm Smart Audio Platform, available with two different SoC options (the APQ8009 or the APQ8017), is essentially a reference design for smart and networked speakers. Manufacturers will be able to use it as the foundation for their device versus having to build a platform from scratch.
It truly sounds like an all-in-one solution for OEMs as it brings together processing capabilities, a variety of connectivity options and voice user interfaces to help create a comprehensively featured and intuitive smart speaker.
The platform also allows for multi-mic, far-field voice control, echo-cancellation, noise suppression and barge-in capabilities, the latter of which allows you to "interrupt" and speak commands to a device even in loud or noisy environments.
With Qualcomm's AllPlay multi-room technology, OEMs can seamlessly create whole-home audio solutions that allow for synchronized music playback across multiple rooms, different music in multiple speaker zones and multi-channel wireless surround sound in the same room. Cloud-based streaming is also supported including Hi-Res 32-bit/192kHz content, as are local music libraries on mobile devices and DLNA media servers.
Qualcomm says its Smart Audio Platform will be available in the third quarter of this year which means we could see products based on it in time for the holidays (but more likely, in early 2018). They probably won't be as refined as an Amazon Echo, Apple HomePod or Google Home speaker but their presence alone could help to lower prices market-wide.
Lead photo via Ethan Miller, Getty Images
The Latest: Seagal lawyer says sex assault allegations false
hello
Former model Faviola Dadis, left, reads from a statement at a news conference with her attorney, Lisa Bloom, center, in Los Angeles Monday, March 19, 2018. Dadis, an aspiring actress says she was 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her during a supposed casting session in 2002. At right, Regina Simons who has also accused Seagal of sexual misconduct. Seagal's attorney has not responded to a request for comment about Dadis' allegations. Associated Press
Former model Faviola Dadis, left, reads from a statement at a news conference with her attorney, Lisa Bloom, center, in Los Angeles Monday, March 19, 2018. Dadis, an aspiring actress says she was 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her during a supposed casting session in 2002. At right, Regina Simons who has also accused Seagal of sexual misconduct. Seagal's attorney has not responded to a request for comment about Dadis' allegations. Associated Press
Former model Faviola Dadis, left, reads from a statement at a news conference with her attorney, Lisa Bloom, center, in Los Angeles Monday, March 19, 2018. Dadis, an aspiring actress says she was 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her during a supposed casting session in 2002. At right, Regina Simons who has also accused Seagal of sexual misconduct. Seagal's attorney has not responded to a request for comment about Dadis' allegations. Associated Press
LOS ANGELES -- The Latest on sexual misconduct allegations against actor Steven Seagal (all times local):
1:15 p.m.
A lawyer for Steven Seagal says the actor adamantly denies sexual assault allegations made by two women against the action star.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that Seagal toucher her sexually without her consent in 2002 when she was 17, and Regina Simons said Seagal assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti said later Monday that the accounts of both women are "completely fictitious and totally made up."
He says the allegations are a disservice to women who are victimized because of real predators in the film industry.
The women are the latest of several who have come forward in recent months to accuse the 65-year-old action actor of sexual misconduct. He has denied all of the allegations.
___
11:30 a.m.
An aspiring actress says she was 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her during a supposed casting session in 2002.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that she had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when she was invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room to audition for Seagal for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan.
The 33-year-old former model says only Seagal and his bodyguard were in the room when the actor reached under her bikini top and then grabbed her genitals.
Dadis said she ended the audition and immediately left. She says she feared being blacklisted if she reported Seagal, and only recently filed a police report. Los Angeles County prosecutors say they are reviewing the case.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
Attention all documentary lovers! Netflix dropped a new documentary series Jan. 26 called “Dirty Money.” Tackling six stories in its first season, the investigative series focuses on scandals and corruption. Great for the curious and conspiracy theorists alike.
The episodes represent six independent stories. The subjects vary widely, but all raise complex questions about greed in business. Each episode lays out an instance of a big business going corrupt and hurting consumers in their wake.
The series' executive producer is Alex Gibney, the director of award-winning documentaries such as “Mea Maxima Culpa: Silence in the House of God,” “Taxi to the Dark Side” and “Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief.” Each episode is helmed by a different filmmaker, with the first episode directed by Alex Gibney himself.
The first episode is centered around Volkswagen's “Clean Diesel” cars. What once seemed like an eco-friendly dream to consumers turned out to be mass deception that possibly made its way to the highest levels of the corporation. The episode brings new evidence to light and points to similar frauds being carried out today around the world, having devastating impacts on the environment.
The second episode talks about the infamous payday loans. It explains how Scott Trucker, a former racecar driver, was able to scam as many as 4.5 million people, all while claiming his business was run by Native Americans to hide it.
Now a notorious meme, Martin Shkreli is the star of “Drug Short.” This episode looks into the greed of big pharmaceuticals, specifically the company Valeant. Focused on driving revenues, the company cut their research departments and aimed to acquire smaller companies and drive up their product prices.
“Cartel Bank” discusses HSBC, a multinational bank and financial services company, and their ties to organized crime groups. Governments have caught them in the act multiple times over the years, but minor fines have done nothing to stop them. Is HSBC too big to fail?
The penultimate episode is the most light hearted. Travelling to the great white north, the installment looks at a multimillion dollar heist of maple syrup. I mean, what else do they have to be greedy over in Canada?
The last episode is a look at the most powerful man in our country: President Donald Trump. The piece discusses Trump's alluring reputation as a successful businessman, and seeks to see how he built his empire. There are interviews with former Trump University students and producers from “The Apprentice.”
It's easy to get sucked into these thrilling stories. Each is about an hour long (most of them a little over) and full of juicy details. The series is illuminating and a bit infuriating.
I learned a great deal while watching the series. I was also baffled by how many of the problems discussed are unresolved. While championing the preventative actions taken, the series makes sure to point out the issues that are still at hand and the dangers waiting on the horizon.
So, take a break from binging the horrors of the future in “Black Mirror” and dive in to the horrors that surround us in the present. The strikingly relevant series is sure to leave you asking questions about what can be done and who consumers can trust.
EVER-IMPROVING: Darling Downs Hospital and Health Service board member Dr Ross Hetherington says investing $3 million in the Warwick Hospital emergency department will help staff cope with rising admissions.
EVER-IMPROVING: Darling Downs Hospital and Health Service board member Dr Ross Hetherington says investing $3 million in the Warwick Hospital emergency department will help staff cope with rising admissions. Sophie Lester
FEWER babies are being born in Warwick, despite a growing number of patients accessing hospital services in the Rose City.
Just 163 babies were delivered at Warwick Hospital in 2016-17 compared to 204 in the previous financial year, the latest annual report from the Darling Downs Hospital and Health Service has revealed.
Across the entire health district, there were 5% fewer babies born in the past year.
Despite lower birth rates, the number of admissions to DDHHS facilities continues to grow at a rate much higher than the rate of population growth.
In 2016-17 there was an 8% increase in admissions and a 5% increase in emergency surgeries compared to the previous financial year.
DDHHS board member DrRoss Hetherington said the $3million redevelopment of the Warwick Hospital emergency department, slated to begin next month, would help ease the burden on hospital staff.
"Across the whole of DDHHS we've had an 8-9% increase in admissions, which has put incredible pressure on our workforce -not just the frontline but administration staff, nurses, laundry staff,” DrHetherington said.
"We do expect that to continue.
"We've had zero wait time for outpatients and elective surgery for close to 18 months and that quality of service attracts more business.
"We're hoping to have a better flow of patients and better consulting areas in the new ED that we're funding out of previous surpluses.
"Those improvements will make it easier for the staff and if you can decrease stress and make it safer for them, it's better for everyone.”
The ED - expected to be ready by mid-2018 - will include two new treatment bays, a pediatric resuscitation bay, isolation room with ensuite, and a mental health assessment room.
Five exam rooms will be replaced with four assessment bays, one triage bay, one triage or QAS bay and a triage room.
Dr Hetherington said the upgrades were a huge boost for the hospital following the kitchen renovations and the instalment of a CT scanner in the past year.
1. Sean Miller, Arizona: Let's think about this for a second. As of today, Sean Miller has Arizona sitting in sole possession of first place in the Pac-12, a league that counts three top ten teams as members, despite the fact that there are very few people that would think that the Wildcats are the best team in the conference (that would be Oregon) or the most dangerous team in the conference (hello, UCLA). And he's doing that despite the fact that his best player, Allonzo Trier, missed the first 19 games of the season, his star recruit, Terrence Ferguson, went pro in Australia and last year's star recruit, Ray Smith, tore his ACL for the third time. Should I mention that the Wildcats have as many question marks at the point guard spot as any elite team in the country, or that they rely heavily on a pair of freshmen – Kobi Simmons and Rawle Alkins – who can be labeled somewhere between inconsistent and erratic?
2. Scott Drew, Baylor: The Scott Drew Coach of the Year Campaign has hit a bit of a snag in the last three weeks, as the Bears have dropped two games off the pace in the Big 12 after losing three of their last five games, but that really shouldn't put too much of a damper on what Drew has done with this group this season. Baylor is still a No. 1 seed in spite of their recent slump, and a win over Kansas on Saturday puts them right back into the Big 12 title race. Drew is doing all of this with a team of juniors and seniors, none of whom were considered program-changing talents when they got to school. Do people still think Scott Drew can't coach?
3. Jay Wright, Villanova: Can the reigning national champs have a coach in the running for Coach of the Year? Yes, they can, when you consider that Villanova lost arguably the two most valuable players from last year's team, Ryan Arcidiacono and Daniel Ochefu, and seem likely to end up playing this season without Phil Booth, who scored 20 points in the national title game. Should I mention that Villanova was the No. 1 overall seed in Saturday's bracket reveal despite the fact that they start either Darryl Reynolds or Eric Paschall at center?
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Stitcher and Audioboom
4. Mark Few, Gonzaga: I don't care how good you are supposed to be or what the caliber is of the league that you play in, if you make it through an entire season undefeated, you belong in the conversation for National Coach of the Year. If you do it with a team that lost Domas Sabonis and Kyle Wiltjer, where your top five scorers played a total of six games your team last season, you deserve to be near the top of that list.
5. Josh Pastner, Georgia Tech: No one expected Georgia Tech to do much of anything this season. Avoiding the ACC basement probably would have been considered a successful season. Instead, the Yellow Jackets are 15-10 overall and 6-6 in the ACC with wins over North Carolina, Florida State and Notre Dame, and if the NCAA tournament started to day, they would be in it.
6. Bill Self, Kansas: Self has the Jayhawks primed to win their 13th straight Big 12 title despite everything his team has gone through this season. They Udoka Azubuike for the season with a wrist injury, meaning that Landen Lucas is the only effective big man on their roster. Carlton Bragg Jr. has been a bust in between his two suspensions. The Jayhawks seem morally opposed to playing defense despite, which has a lot to do with the fact that the two mid-major recruits starting in their back court are the only two lead guards on the roster. This wouldn't rank as one of Self's best coaching performances – he has had a lot of those – but that shouldn't diminish what he's done with this team.
7. Bob Huggins, West Virginia: Huggins lost his leading scorer, his second-leading scorer and leading rebounder and the point-man in his press in the offseason and … the Mountaineers got better? Press Virginia has been more effective this season than in any season past, and if they hadn't choked away a lead at Kansas on Monday night, he might be getting more attention for it.
8. Chris Collins, Northwestern: Collins is on the verge of doing something that no one has done in the history of college basketball: Get Northwestern into the NCAA tournament.
9. Mike White, Florida: Who had Florida as a team that could contend with Kentucky for the SEC title this season? Anyone? Bueller? That's exactly where Mike White has this group in his second season at the helm.
10. Mike Brey, Notre Dame: Brey isn't quite at the level of Bo Ryan and Tony Bennett just yet, but he's quickly reaching the point where, when predicting how good the Irish will be, it's less important to look at whom the team lost than it is to simply recognize the fact that Brey is on the sideline. Two years ago, he lost Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton and made it back to the Elite 8. Last offseason, Demetrius Jackson left and Zach Auguste graduated, and Notre Dame is right in the thick of the ACC title hunt.
The Cambria Historical Museum will play host to several events this summer. Cambrian file photo
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The last male northern white rhino has had to be put down.
Researchers say Sudan died after "complications" related to his age.
Poaching, disease, and pressure from human settlements has decimated the northern white rhino population in their native north east Africa.
While Sudan had become too old to mate due to old-age, scientists had been using him to develop a pioneering form of IVF to breed a new generation of northern white rhinos before the species becomes extinct.
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya says the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized on Monday after his condition "worsened significantly" and he was no longer able to stand.
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction with the help of the two surviving females.
"He was a great ambassador for his species and will be remembered for the work he did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos, but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity," said the conservancy's chief executive Richard Vigne.
As the last of his kind Sudan had become a celebrity, attracting hundreds of visitors to Ol Pejeta to pose with him. He even had his own Twitter handle and Tinder page, reports the Mirror.
Scientists have stored samples of Sudan's sperm, which they hope to use to fertilise eggs from the last females and implant the foetuses in southern white rhinos, which will act as surrogates.
However, experts have never used the techniques on animals as large as rhinos before and their early efforts have been unsuccessful.
As they cannot harvest and store the eggs, they must perfect the technique before the last females die in order to save the species.
The 63-unit New Tahitian Apartments located at 6739 El Colegio Road in Isla Vista recently sold to a local investor for $14.3 million, marking the largest sale by far of a multifamily property on the South Coast in 2013.
Escrow closed June 13. The transaction is also the largest multifamily sale in Isla Vista since 2010 when the Tropicana Del Norte Apartments sold for more than $37 million.
“Apartments continue to be at the top of many real estate investors' short list, but opportunities like this in Isla Vista are few and far between,” Radius Commercial Real Estate & Investments founder Steve Golis said.
Golis and Radius agents Brian Johnson and Jon Standring represented the seller of the New Tahitian. The buyer was represented by Evan Bank of Prudential California Realty, Monarch Beach Office.
Golis underscored the Tahitian's close proximity to UCSB as one of the main selling points for the new owner, Capitoline Properties LLC, a relatively new real estate investments company based in Santa Barbara with an office in Orange County.
“Isla Vista is just a very attractive micro-market,” Golis said. “With UCSB's large student population in the backyard, and IV's high population density, second only to Manhattan, IV's apartment vacancy tends to be among the lowest in California and the nation. That translates to consistent rental income at premium rates, and that gets the attention of investors when a property of this size in this area comes to market.”
“We're looking to build a portfolio throughout California, especially here in Santa Barbara and the Central Coast,” a representative from Capitoline said. “We seized this opportunity as a long term investment, especially because of its strong value add potential and the strength of the rental and real estate market as a whole.”
Shortly after the recession hit in late 2008, apartments became a hot ticket among investors and interest has remained strong.
“It's not uncommon to receive numerous offers from qualified buyers, including offers over the asking price, non-contingent and all cash. Apartments offer everything a conservative investor looks for,” said Golis, pointing to historically low vacancy rates (current vacancy in Santa Barbara County is just 0.94 percent according to the most recent Dyer Sheehan survey), attractive financing and a strong rental market.
Because of the popularity of the category, the market has tightened dramatically in the past few years. There have been just 11 multifamily sales in Isla Vista since January 2011 (four in 2013, two in all of 2012 and five total in 2011). There were 14 sales in 2010 alone, 11 in 2009 and 14 in 2008.
“More often than not, commercial properties sell when there is vacancy in the building and owners aren't generating any income to cover expenses,” Golis said. “There aren't many apartments on the market right now because many are in a position where their properties are 100 percent leased and they are making money so they have no compelling reason to sell.”
The New Tahitian Apartments was built in 1962 and was branded as the New Tahitian Apartments in 2008 when it underwent an extensive $1.6 million remodel.
“We plan on doing a full landscape as well as renovations to the pools and common areas,” the Capitoline representative noted. “Otherwise the property's condition is solid as is.”
— Vince Coronado is the director of marketing communications for Radius Commercial Real Estate & Investments.
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville, Va., Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter's life — and, with voice occasionally quavering, called on people to answer hate with forgiveness.
"My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that," the Sharpes, Fla., resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview. "With her, it wasn't lip service. It was real."
Just two days earlier, a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally, killing Heyer's daughter Heather, 32, and wounding 19 other people. Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack, saying "such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred."
The man allegedly behind the wheel, James Alex Fields Jr., had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas, according to a former teacher. Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run.
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that's "twisted into something negative" in its own right, Mark Heyer told the local newspaper.
"People need to stop hating, and they need to forgive each other. And I include myself in that, in forgiving the guy that did this," he said. "He doesn't know any better. You know, I just think of what the Lord said on the cross. Lord forgive him, they don't know what they're doing."
In this respect, he said he aspires to follow his daughter's example.
"You know, my daughter's life — she's ..." he paused, searching for words. "I'm proud of her for standing up. She had more courage than I did. She had more courage than I did. She had a stubborn backbone. She thought she was right. She would stand there and defy you.
"But if I understand her," he added, "she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction."
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend, Heather's mother, Susan Bro, also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a "very strong sense of right and wrong."
"It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard, to speak up when injustices were happening," Bro said, "and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given."
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed, along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S. In Seattle and New York City, Atlanta and in Grand Rapids, Mich., demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and, in the words of one protester, "resist it fearlessly."
"I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people's hearts," Mark Heyer said. "You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff, but when you take your last breath, it's over. It's done!
"You're going to take away what a person has and everything else they're going to have. There is no more — not here, you know," he added. "And that's — that's pretty much all I got, brother."
The maker of Humvee military vehicles filed a lawsuit accusing Activision Blizzard of reaping billions of dollars of revenue by incorporating its trademarks without permission in its flagship “Call of...
FORDLAND, Mo. — Officials say they have no estimate for how long it will take to restore Ozarks Public Television service to all viewers after a TV tower collapse in southwest Missouri that left one person dead.
Missouri State University spokeswoman Suzanne Shaw said Monday she did not know when viewers who use antennas to get channels would be able to watch KOZK Ozarks Public Television. The university is looking at teaming up with another broadcaster to put its equipment on their tower, but no plans have been finalized.
The Springfield News-Leader reports sine viewers with AT&T U-verse, Mediacom and DirecTV should now be able to watch Ozarks Public Television.
The 1,980-foot (600-meter) tower that collapsed Thursday was used by the university to broadcast Ozarks Public Television. One man, 56-year-old Steve Lemay, died.
UPDATE: Images from the scene of the tower collapse near Fordland: https://t.co/XsdZSQQiLf pic.twitter.com/EnMp8nLpUp — News-Leader (@springfieldNL) April 19, 2018
37.157550 -92.940731
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Dennis Edwards, the former lead singer of The Temptations, has passed away.
Motown has lost one of its original artists.
According to Rolling Stone, Dennis died Thursday night in Chicago due to complications from meningitis.
While he wasn't the original lead singer of the Temptations, Dennis joined in 1968. He was the voice behind such classics as I Can't Get Next To You and Papa Was A Rollin' Stone.
Dennis was part of the Temptations rotating lineup, and he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as part of the group in 1989. He also received a Lifetime Achievement Grammy along with The Temptations in 2013.
Dennis would have been 75 on Saturday.
RELATED STORIES:
Erica Garner Declared Brain Dead After Suffering Major Heart Attack
Legendary Singer And Actress Della Reese Dead
Rest In Power: ‘Cosby Show' Actor Earle Hyman Dead At 91
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Photo: Steve Welsh
BIGGEST WINNER
Julius Indongo: Indongo was an absolute unknown to most boxing fans only eight months ago because the junior welterweight titleholder had fought exclusively in his native Namibia.
Since then, the heir to successful countrymen Harry Simon and Paulus Moses has traveled to the backyards of two solid opponents – Eduard Troyanovsky and Ricky Burns – and demonstrated that he is a legitimate player at 140 pounds.
Indongo (22-0, 11 knockouts) unveiled his power against the then-unbeaten Troyanovsky in December in Moscow, stopping the Russian in only 40 seconds. And he proved he could box well by easily outpointing veteran Ricky Burns (120-108, 118-110 and 116-112) to unify the IBF and WBA titles before hostile fans on Saturday in Glasgow, Scotland, near Burns' hometown of Coatbridge.
Those were strong statements.
Where does Indongo go from here? RING junior welterweight champion Terence Crawford, who also holds the WBC and WBO titles, said beforehand that he wants to fight the winner of Indongo-Burns to unify all four sanctioning body belts.
That matchup probably would put an abrupt end to Indongo's momentum; he's good but not that good.
If that fight doesn't happen and Crawford moves up to 147 pounds, which he is likely to do in the not-too-distant future, the junior welterweight division will be particularly weak. That means Indongo realistically could end up as the top 140-pounder in the world.
Of course, he would have to beat the next-level junior welterweights to get there. If he doesn't fight Crawford, I would like to see him meet either former titleholder Viktor Postol or talented Antonio Orozco – good, experienced fighters who almost certainly covet Indongo's belts.
Victories over either or both of them – which would be far from guaranteed – would further strengthen Indongo's position as a top-tier fighter and set him up for bigger, more-lucrative challenges in the future.
He had better act quickly, though; Indongo is 34.
RABBIT PUNCHES
Burns (41-6-1, 14 KOs) might've fought for a major title for the last time, although he has the type of determination that could keep him afloat among relevant fighters for a while. The former three-division titleholder, now 34, won the WBA title against a “soft” opponent in Michele Di Rocco and hasn't been able to beat his best opponents over the past three-plus years, losing to Crawford, Dejan Zlaticanin, Omar Figueroa and now Indongo. He also drew with Ray Beltran, who most observers feel was cheated. Another title shot would be difficult to justify. … Light heavyweight contender Dmitry Bivol (10-0, 8 KOs) made the most of his first high-profile fight in the U.S., stopping Samuel Clarkson (19-4, 12 KOs) on Friday in Oxon Hill, Maryland. Bivol, from Russia, appears to be the latest in a growing number of talented Eastern European fighters with tight technique and a killer instinct. Love his laser-straight, accurate punches. He could be a threat to the top 175-pounders. … Junior lightweight Charles Huerta (19-5, 12 KOs) won his first fight in 3½ years when he upset Ivan Delgado (11-1-1, 4 KOs) by a third-round KO in the “L.A. Fight Club” main event Friday in Los Angeles. Huerta, now 30, was among a group of promising youngsters who took part in Golden Boy's original club series in downtown L.A. beginning in 2009, the best of whom turned out to be Ronny Rios, but several setbacks curtailed his career. He took a three-year hiatus from boxing only to lose again in his comeback fight, a split decision against Carlos Morales in December. Persistence paid off with his victory over Delgado. Good for him.
Two 3-month-old wolverine kits and their mother play in the snow outside their den May 3 in the William O. Douglas Wilderness east of Mount Rainier. The remote cameras are jointly operated by Cascade Carnivore Project and the U.S. Forest Service.
Schaumburg seeks artists for Prairie Plein Air Competition
hello
The Village of Schaumburg is seeking artist entries for the 8th annual Prairie Plein Air Competition, set to coincide with the 31st annual Prairie Arts Festival taking place in late May.
Participating artists can create an original plein air painting or drawing of any location within Schaumburg. Plein air is a French expression that refers to art that is created outdoors with the artist's subject in full view.
Submitted works will be displayed from May 16 to June 30, in the Herb Aigner Gallery inside the Al Larson Prairie Center for the Arts. The event is open to all plein air artists. Entries are due by Friday, April 13.
For additional information including the application, visit http://bit.ly/2kDsfEG.
Can-Am's Jimmy Ellis won the second night of the Houston Astrodome doubleheader in front of Team Honda's Jim Pomeroy and Maico rider Gaylon Mosier. Ellis, the one and only rider to ever win an AMA Supercross on a Canadian-made motorcycle, would leave the once-flourishing Can-Am brand at the end of the '77 seasons, bringing their days as a genuine title contender to a close. The Houston win was the last for the brand in AMA Supercross. Ellis would also give them their last AMA Motocross win on April 17, 1977, at the Hillside Park 250 National near Nashville, Tennessee.
Besides one of the strangest halftime shows ever—a tug-of-war between race mechanics like Keith McCarty and Ron Heben—the opening night of the 1982 Houston Astrodome SX saw defending series champion Mark "Bomber" Barnett get his second win of the season, ahead of Honda's Donnie Hansen and Suzuki factory rider Warren Reid. Barnett would also win the following night's race.
One week after winning the Daytona Supercross, Team Honda's Bob Hannah got another win, this time on the opening night of the Houston Astrodome. It was the fifth time the Hurricane was victorious inside the old home of the Houston Oilers football team. His teammate David Bailey finished second, with Yamaha's Broc Glover and Mike Bell third and fourth.
1994
The big winners at the Indianapolis' RCA Dome Supercross were Team Honda's Jeremy McGrath in the 250 class and Suzuki's Ezra Lusk on the 125. McGrath topped Yamaha-mounted Jeff Emig and Indiana's own Mike LaRocco; Lusk got the better of his teammate Jimmy Button and Kawasaki factory rider Robbie Reynard.
2005
Yamaha factory rider Chad Reed got his second AMA Supercross win in a row, this time at Orlando's Citrus Bowl. Suzuki's Ricky Carmichael finished second, with Kawasaki's James Stewart third in his first race back since breaking his arm in practice in the second round at Phoenix. Stewart was leading and pulling away in what was effectively his first dry race on a 250, but he crashed in the whoops, handing what was shaping up as his first-ever AMA Supercross win. Instead, he would have to wait until the next round.
In the 125 Class, Davi Millsaps won on a Suzuki RM-Z250, ahead of Monster Energy/Pro Circuit Kawasaki's Grant Langston and Red Bull KTM rider Josh Hansen.
2011
Team Honda's Trey Canard won the Jacksonville Supercross, topping TwoTwo Motorsports' Honda rider Chad Reed and Rockstar/Makita Suzuki's Ryan Dungey.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We are all looking for ways to save money on our supermarket shop, aren't we?
A trip to the store can be stressful - especially when your kids are screaming in the trolley, wanting to be everywhere else.
The cost is skyrocketing with every item you put in your basket - so how do we save cash?
Well, if Asda is your local - you can do so easily.
Nielsen said Tesco had the most improved year-on-year performance among the top four supermarkets with sales up 3.1% in 2017, followed by Asda (2.9%).
So, why are so many shoppers flocking to the Walmart-owned supermarket?
It has many stores in Birmingham - and here are the best tricks, tips and shopping hacks to help you shave money off your bill.
1. Asda's price guarantee
(Image: Sean Dempsey/PA Wire)
If your shop is not 10% cheaper than Tesco, Sainsbury's, Morrisons, or Waitrose, Asda will give you the difference in the form of a voucher that you can claim back off your next shop, the Liverpool Echo reports .
The Asda Price Guarantee can seem like a lot of work, but all you need to do is upload your receipt details.
There are some terms and conditions, such as you need to have bought at least eight items, and at least one item needs to be comparable with their competitors.
You can read the full terms and conditions here .
2. Split your shop for extra savings
If you are doing the Price Guarantee then savvy shoppers suggest you split your shopping into higher priced items and lower priced items.
That way they can be scanned through in two shops and you will get two receipts you can scan to get the highest price guarantee voucher.
They say lower priced items can bring down the value of your Price Guarantee voucher because of the savings.
3. Wombling
This has been around for a while, so you may have heard the term, but are not entirely sure what it is.
Wombling is when people collect discarded receipts and cash in on the savings, vouchers or price guarentees.
You can use this technique with the Asda Price Guarantee, but it does mean hunting around outside your local store, as you are not allowed to do it in store or from bins.
Please be aware that, although wombling is not illegal, many shops do not advocate this shopping behaviour and you are likely to have your vouchers or points taken off you if the store in question notices what you are doing.
4. Asda's quality guarantee
If you are not happy with a purchase, or if the quality or taste has let you down, you can take it back for a refund.
The Asda quality guarantee allows staff to refund you the item and add a gesture of good will - which is usually around £2.
This is only on certain items, and you have to see a qualified member of staff who is specifically trained to deal with these types of refunds.
5. If one ingredient ruins your meal
If you have prepared a whole meal only to find one of the food items is bad, you can get a refund and Asda will look to compensate you for the rest of the meal with in-store vouchers.
This compensation done on a case-by-case basis, but if something is generally bad, or sold to you out-of-date, they will definitely refund you.
6. Smile vouchers
Yes! They really do exist. Staff carry 'smile vouchers', which are worth 50p off your shopping, and give them out to customers who they feel deserve them.
So, if you have been waiting at a till for a long time or a product you want is out of stock, you could get given one.
It is entirely at the staff's discretion, so it is worth being extra nice, even if they have run out of your favourite teabags.
7. You can open a savings card
The store has a saving card that you can pop some money on each time you go shopping and pay for your Christmas shop throughout the year.
And you will get a bonus of £6 from Asda in November if you have saved £144.
8. Smart Price
Everyone knows about Asda's budget range, Smart Price, but not everyone is buying it.
Some shoppers actually prefer the Smart Price range to the branded alternatives, so it is worth giving some a go.
9. The Asda team will tweak recipes based on customer feedback
Whether you are buying Smart Price or one of the Asda branded products, the team have been known to tweak recipes and products based on customer feedback.
So if you are unhappy with anything you have bought, it is worth letting the store know.
You can tell the items that have been worked on as they have the "improved recipe" sign on them.
10. You can request a product to be stocked
If a product you love is not stocked you can speak to a staff member. The more requests made for a product, the more likely it is Asda will look to add it to their shelves.
11. Wonky veggies
Asda began their Wonky Veg boxes last year in an effort to tackle food waste.
You can save money with the boxes of misshapen veggies, as they are cheaper then the other vegetables that are more aesthetically pleasing.
They are seasonal and can only be bought in store.
12. Yellow stickers!
Everyone loves a whoopsie sticker and Asda are the originals.
They usually start with the chilled foods first thing in the morning.
Then final reductions, like bread and cakes, often start around 6.30pm – and most bargains have been snapped up by 9pm.
13. Asda will accept all coupons
They may be a little old fashioned, but they could really save you money and Asda have a policy of accepting all coupons, even the ones printed from the internet.
It doesn't matter how many different coupons you have, they will all be scanned in.
14. Asda credit card offers cashback on what you spend
Asda has its very own credit card that you can get cashback for purchases you make in store.
The card offers 1 per cent cashback on all Asda purchases and and 0.1 per cent on all other purcheses.
15. Promotional events
It is worth bulk buying some of your favourite brands in Asda's promotional events.
They have a hugely popular baby and toddler event were they slash the prices of nappies, wipes, baby toiletries and products. If you are able to, you can make savings by buying a few during the events.
16. They have a baby and toddler club
The supermarket giant has a Baby and Toddler Club you can join for free.
You can get lots of free tips and advice, news on savings as well as chances to win big branded prizes.
17. Cheap school uniforms
You can get a whole school uniform for as low as £7.50 at Asda.
The prices vary depending on age, but jumpers are as low as £2, polo shirts priced at around £2.50 and skirts and pants as cheap as £3.
18. You can get a gift receipt
As well as getting your normal fruit and veg, you may also pick up a present for someone at you local Asda.
But if you are not 100 per cent sure they will love it, you can get a gift receipt. The receipt will include all the details of the item except the price.
19. They have their own tech support for electronics
If you have bought an electrical product from Asda and you are having problems, you can contact the store's dedicated technical support on 0333 600 7700. The team can also help with vacuum appliances.
20. You can still add to your online order after you have paid
If you do your shopping online you can set your delivery date. But if you run out of milk before then, you can add items to your list up until midnight the day before your delivery is due.
21. Delivery drivers can give you a refund on the doorstep
If you have done your weekly shop online but decide you no longer want certain items or their substitutions, you can get a refund on the doorsetep.
Asda will send you a delivery note before they come to drop it off so that you can review your order.
All you have to do then is hand the items back to the driver and they can sort it from there.
On July 4, 2015, Jason Pierre-Paul nearly blew his right hand off with fireworks. He's been an outspoken advocate for safety since then, and has not shied from talking about the horrific incident.
This year, he's taken it to another level. On his Instagram, the Buccaneers' defensive end posted pictures of his mostly un-bandaged hand only a few hours after the accident.
They are incredibly graphic. Which is sort of the point. But we wanted to warn you anyway.
You can see them here.
Gah. His hand looks like a baseball mitt that was used to catch a grenade.
Pierre-Paul wrote:
It's been 3yrs since my accident and I can truly say I'm very blessed and fortunate to be where I am in life. Looking at these pictures seems unreal and crazy. How your life can change in the blink of an eye. One of the greatest American traditions in celebrating 4th of July is with fireworks. Unfortunately, tomorrow someone will be injured playing with fireworks. We are celebrating the birthday of our great nation. I'm glad to still be alive to show you the outcome of what happened to me. Please don't feel sorry for me, trust me your boy fine even with missing fingers lol. Be safe out there otherwise, this can be you.
Stick with sparklers or let the pros handle the big stuff, everyone.
New AI language hides TensorFlow complexity
The Inkling programming language makes it easier to build artificial intelligence applications.
Bonsai's Inkling programming language, which makes it easier to build artificial intelligence applications, is moving closer to a 1.0 release.
Part of the Bonsai Platform for AI, Inkling is a proprietary higher level language that compiles down to Google's open source TensorFlow library for machine intelligence. Inkling is designed to represent AI in terms of what a developer wants to teach the system instead of focusing on low-level mechanics. It abstracts away from dynamic AI algorithms that would otherwise require expertise in machine learning. Declarative and strongly typed, the language resembles a cross between Python and SQL from a syntactic perspective, said Bonsai CEO Mark Hammond.
"Our core focus right now is on enabling enterprises and industrial companies to build control and optimization systems," which could take forms such as advanced robotics, supply chain optimization systems, or oil exploration, Hammond said. A 1.0 release of the language and the Bonsai Platform is targeted for late June. Plans call for eventually promoting development of additional implementations of Inkling. The company itself is focused on making machine learning technologies accessible to developers and engineers without a background in this area but who do have expertise in domain areas where they want to apply the technology.
Bonsai Platform currently is in an early access stage of release. Other components of it includes the Bonsai Artificial Intelligence Engine; command line and web interfaces; and simulators, generators, and data as training sources.
1
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Commuters face heavy traffic coming out of Birmingham on their way home tonight.
Two lanes were closed as a result of a broken down vehicle on the M6 northbound between J6 A38 (M) Aston Expressway / A5127 Gravelly Hill / A38 Tyburn Road / Spaghetti Junction and J7 A34 at Great Barr.
The car broke down in lane two and so two lanes are closed for safety reasons.
(Image: Jason Hawkes)
It has since been moved to lane one and lane two re-opened just before 5pm.
As a result, there is queueing traffic all around Spaghetti Junction and the motorway.
This follows an earlier broken down vehicle which caused one lane of the M6 northbound to be closed between J5 A452 at Castle Bromwich and J6 A38(M) Aston Expressway / Spaghetti Junction.
It was reopened by 4.30pm and traffic returned to normal.
However, it may have a knock-on effect on traffic for commuters making their way in and out of the city.
Sir, – Has the “plastic water bottle in hand” become somewhat of a fashion accessory? Gone it seems are the days of the complicated manoeuvre when one had to place a tumbler under the tap and fill with water. Much easier right enough to carry a bottle everywhere, church included. – Yours, etc,
TOM GILSENAN,
Beaumont,
Dublin 9.
The new papal nuncio to Ireland Archbishop Jude Thaddeus Okolo was greeted by former Catholic primate Cardinal Seán Brady on arrival at Dublin airport on Monday.
Also there to meet him were Bishop of Limerick Brendan Leahy, Bishop of Derry Donal McKeown, Bishop of Ardagh and Clonacnoise Francis Duffy, and Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin Denis Nulty, as well as staff at the nunciature in Dublin.
The Catholic primate Archbishop Eamon Martin is in Lourdes where he is leading pilgrims from Armagh Archdiocese on a visit to Fatima to mark the 100th anniversary of the apparition of Our Lady there.
From Nigeria, Archbishop Okolo (60) is the first African to be papal nuncio in Ireland. As is traditional, he becomes dean of the diplomatic corps while here. Ordained in 1983, he was a priest of the Nigerian diocese of Nnewi, where 13 people were shot dead while attending Mass at St Philip's in Ozubulu on Sunday August 6th in a drugs related massacre.
Archbishop Okolo is a member of the Igbo people who, during the Nigerian civil war of 1967 to 1970, seceded as the short-lived Republic of Biafra.
Irish Spiritan (Holly Ghost) missionaries, particularly the late Fr Jack and Fr Gus Finucane, played a major role in helping the beleaguered Igbo at the time through food aid as attempts were made to starve them into submission.
Such efforts led to the establishment of Ireland's largest humanitarian agency, Concern.
Following training with the Vatican's diplomatic service Archbishop Okolo's first assignment in June 1990 was to Sri Lanka. Since when he has served in Haiti, the Antillean Islands (including Trinidad & Tobago, Barbados, Saint Lucia, the Bahamas and Jamaica), Switzerland, the Czech Republic and Australia.
He first appointment as papal nuncio was to the Central African Republic and Chad in 2008. In 2013 he was appointed nuncio to the Dominican Republic and apostolic delegate in Puerto Rico.
Archbishop Okolo speaks Igbo, English, French, Italian, Czech, Spanish, and German.
A 12-year-old boy was brutally assaulted in an attack which has left him with horrific injuries.
The incident happened on Tuesday evening in Wheatcroft Way in Derby.
A post has been shared on Facebook hundreds of times which describes how the youngster was kicked and stamped on his head before he was knocked unconscious in an "unprovoked attack".
He has been described as "strong" and the author of the post has thanked his friends for their help. Hundreds of people have also left comments on the social media post offering their support for the boy and his family.
A spokesman for Derbyshire police said a 15-year-old boy had been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent following the incident. He has been released pending further investigation.
A woman who claimed there was a delay of 10 days in diagnosing a hip fracture after she had a fall in the Mater hospital, Dublin has settled her High Court action for €110,000.
Kathleen Duff's senior counsel told the court she needed more complex surgery on her hip as a result. Ms Duff had a series of documented falls while in the Dublin hospital and fractured both hips and needed two separate hip-replacement surgeries.
Ms Duff (58), originally from north Dublin but now in a nursing home had, through her sister Julieanne Kershaw, sued the Mater hospital, Dublin in relation to her care in 2012 as she awaited transfer to a nursing home.
Ms Duff was admitted to the Mater hospital on May 11th, 2012 with epilepsy and strokes. It was claimed she suffered a series of falls and fractures while at the Mater.
Nursing entries recorded she fell out of her bed and was discovered on the floor on one occasion and also fell out of her chair on another occasion.
It was claimed there was alleged delay in diagnosing the fracture of the right hip and, in the meantime, Ms Duff was directed to engage in physiotherapy. It was claimed she was directed to be walked as much as possible.
The claims were denied.
John Healy SC, instructed by Grace Murphy solicitor, for Ms Duff, said she had made a good recovery from her hip-replacement operations. Approving the settlement, Mr Justice Kevin Cross wished Ms Duff well.
The public in general and hairdressers in particular have been warned by the Health Ministry against using specific products for hair straightening that are on the market but which have not been approved for use.
Following queries and complaints from customers, the ministry said on Monday that the composition of these products has not been checked, that they are unlicensed, that their safety is unknown and that they may be dangerous to health.
The products are Prada Organic Straightening; Silk & Smooth Black Pearl Straightening; Botox Straightening; 24 Karat Japanese & Karatin Treatment; Rigenol; and Majestic Keratin Security.All approved cosmetics are listed on the Health Ministry's website database, it said.Meanwhile, a joint effort by the Israel Police and the ministry's division of enforcement and supervision resulted in the seizure of counterfeit pills for allegedly treating erectile dysfunction. The goods were seized at a sex toy shop in Karmiel. The ministry said that the pills are suspected of containing drugs whose marketing is forbidden.Among the products seized was “Tiger King” containing Viagra and not registered or licensed in Israel. The ministry said that counterfeit Viagra exposes the patient to life-threatening cardiovascular side effects, dangerous drug interactions and high doses of drugs. A man who was selling the pills was detained for questioning by the police.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Private companies given more chances to win NHS work
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Illusionist David Copperfield has been found negligent but not financially responsible for a British tourist's injuries during a vanishing act in a show on the Las Vegas Strip.
Gavin Cox and his wife alleged negligence by the multimillionaire illusionist, two of his business entities, the MGM Grand hotel and a construction firm that was carrying out renovations.
In a complex verdict reached after several weeks of testimony but only about two hours of deliberation, a state civil court jury in Nevada found negligence by Copperfield, the hotel and Copperfield's company, Backstage Disappearing Inc.
But jurors found no liability for each of those named in the lawsuit, and instead found the former chef from Kent 100% responsible for his own injuries.
The verdict means the Coxes cannot seek monetary damages, court spokeswoman Mary Ann Price said.
Mr Cox, 57, alleged that he suffered brain and other injuries in the 2013 fall.
He told the court that stagehands urged him and others to run during an illusion that appeared to make as many as 13 audience volunteers disappear onstage and reappear moments later, waving flashlights in the back of the theatre.
His lawyer, Benedict Morelli, told jurors during closing arguments that the trick was inherently dangerous and that Copperfield should be held partially liable for Mr Cox's injuries.
Four years ago, attorneys estimated that Mr Cox had that racked up more than 400,000 dollars (£240,000) in medical costs.
Copperfield's lawyers lost a bid to close the courtroom to the public to prevent disclosure of secrets about the illusion.
Jurors learned that in about 60 to 90 seconds, stagehands with flashlights ushered the randomly chosen participants past dark curtains, down passageways, around corners, outdoors, indoors and through an MGM Grand resort kitchen to re-enter the theatre for the show's finale, according to testimony.
Mr Cox told the jury he was “having a good time up until the time I was injured”.
He recalled stagehands shouting “Run! Run! Run!” through an outdoor alleyway that his lawyers say was coated with construction dust.
Mr Cox said he fell hard on his right side and did not remember getting up to finish the illusion in November 2013.
Afterwards, Mr Cox said he received medical treatment from paramedics and at a hospital for shoulder and other injuries.
Two days later, he and his wife and a lawyer returned to the theatre at the MGM Grand and filed an accident report.
At least 55,000 audience volunteers had taken part in the trick over 17 years, according to the magician and show executive producer Chris Kenner.
Copperfield testified that until Mr Cox sued in August 2014, he never knew of anyone getting hurt during nearly 20 years performing the illusion on tour and in Las Vegas. He said he stopped performing it in 2015.
The magician said he did not see construction dust on the ground when he passed through the same outdoor alley alone as part of another illusion about 10 minutes earlier.
Mr Cox's lawyers brought in three women who testified that they also were injured.
A THIRD year student at Midlands State University (MSU) on industrial attachment at the institution allegedly dropped out after a lecturer stripped naked and attempted to have sex with her.
The student (name withheld) allegedly informed her supervisor about the indecent assault and they chose to sweep the matter under the carpet. The matter however, came to light when an Agriculture lecturer at MSU, Julius Mukarati, who resides at 26 Smart Road in Athlone suburb, appeared before Gweru Magistrate Miss Mildred Matuvi facing one count of indecent assault.
He was not asked to plead and was remanded out of custody to April 30 on $50 bail.
It is the State case that on November 14 last year, Mukarati called the complainant to his office and asked her to assist him with typing.
He left her in his office for 10 minutes, and when he returned, he locked the door while the complainant was still inside. The student asked Mukarati what he was doing and his reply was “you know what l want to do to you.”
The court heard that the lecturer removed all his clothes, and started fondling the student's breasts and buttocks. He also touched her private parts while she tried to stop him. The complainant allegedly screamed, causing Mukarati to immediately stop caressing her before putting on his clothes.
On November 15, the student told her supervisor Mrs Tendai Maparara about the incident but she did not take any action which caused the complainant to drop out from attachment.
The complainant's parents asked their daughter why she did not finish her attachment and she narrated her ordeal to them, leading to Mukarati's arrest. Miss Gracious Rongai prosecuted. Chronicle
Cooler temperatures, lighter winds and higher humidity levels on Tuesday helped efforts to contain the wildland blaze burning across parts of Yolo and Napa counties, though hundreds of residents on the fire's southern edge were put on notice that they may have to evacuate should flames continue their southward march.
A smaller number of rural residents on the north end of the fire were ordered to evacuate late Tuesday due to the blaze's potential spread.
The County fire, burning mostly in the rugged hills east of Lake Berryessa, had grown Tuesday night by more than 12,000 acres — a small fraction of the gains it made after erupting Saturday and quadrupling in size to 60,000 acres by Monday evening.
The 72,500-acre blaze, the largest wildland fire in California this year, was threatening nearly 1,000 structures Tuesday, about 10 times the number of buildings considered at risk on Monday. Most were seasonal and year-round homes along the Highway 128 corridor, which runs along the southern end of Lake Berryessa.
“It burned very actively overnight (Monday), was still burning in the morning and is still burning now,” said Cal Fire Capt. Jordan Motta. “But today's looked more favorable weather-wise as opposed to the first few days. Lower temperatures, winds were a lot lighter and the humidity was really up and helping us with our firefight.”
Containment was reported at 15 percent on Tuesday evening and Cal Fire officials said they hoped that full control of the blaze could be achieved by July 10.
Shifting winds each day have pushed the fire south in the mornings and back north in the late afternoons, leading authorities to advise residents along Highway 128 of their need to potential need to evacuate should the flames race south.
Along the northern front, the area placed under mandatory evacuation late Tuesday was bounded by Highway 16 on the east, Berryesssa-Knoxville Road on the west, Old County Road on the north and County Road 53 on the south end. The Napa County section had no permanent residences, authorities said.
So far no structures have been lost to the fire, which on its eastern and northern flanks has brushed up against the boundaries of the Berryessa Snow Mountain National Monument. On Tuesday, due to fire danger, the Bureau of Land Management, which helps manage the monument, closed the Knoxville Recreational Area, a public OHV park that includes the Hunting Creek Campground.
Further north, the Mendocino National Forest implemented seasonal campfire restrictions across a vast swath of the mountains separating the Highway 101 corridor and the Sacramento Valley.
At its greatest extent, the County fire measures nearly 18 miles long, a span that Motta, the Cal Fire captain, compared to the shape of a feather or fern leaf. He said that pattern is indicative of a wind-driven wildfire.
With reinforcements arriving en masse, the firefighting force on the blaze nearly doubled Tuesday, up to 2,162 personnel — almost 1,000 more than the night before .
Petaluma Fire Department Capt. Chad Costa got the call Sunday night to report Monday morning for an assignment of up to 14 days.
During a 24-hour shift Tuesday, he worked as a safety officer, acting as another set of eyes looking out for hisfellow firefighters on the southern end of Lake Berryessa who were building protection lines at the Monticello Dam in Napa County.
Record 73% turnout in 2nd phase of Panchayat poll in Odisha
Bhubaneswar: Record 73% turnout in 2nd phase Panchayat poll in Odisha. This was informed by the SEC.
Highest polling in Dhenkanal (83%), lowest in Malkangiri (64%) informed SEC. No vote in 13 Malkangiri booths for fear of Maoists. It should be noted that during the first phase of the three tier panchayat polls percent was 71 per cent.
Violence was reported in Boudh, Athagarh and other regions. Polling was held for 173 zilla parishad zones under 65 blocks in 29 districts while in Polsara Zilla Parishad an uncontested win was witnessed earlier.
Solar Integrator Takes Top Spot on Solar Contractor's List
ROSEVILLE, CA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Sunworks, Inc. ( NASDAQ : SUNW), a leading provider of solar power solutions for commercial and residential markets, was recently ranked as Top Solar Contractor by the Sacramento Business Journal. Sunworks achieved the #1 ranking for 2016 after being ranked fourth in the prior year.
The list of solar contractors was compiled based on the total AC kilowatts of generation installed for each of the company's residential and commercial customers. This includes customers in industries such as agriculture, federal, public works, and utilities. Eligible companies were required to have a local business presence in the Sacramento, El Dorado, Placer, or Yolo counties during the 2016 year.
Chuck Cargile, Sunworks' Chief Executive Officer, said, "We are honored to have been recognized by the Sacramento Business Journal on this achievement. Sunworks' local offices installed more than 56,000 AC kilowatts of generation in 2016. This achievement is particularly impressive considering that this high level of output was nearly three times the total amount installed by the #2 ranked company."
About Sunworks, Inc.
Founded in 1983, Sunworks, Inc. has emerged as a premier provider of solar power solutions for both consumers and businesses. We're committed to quality construction practices that always exceed industry standards and uphold our ideals of ethics and safety. Today, Sunworks continues to grow its presence, expanding nationally with regional and local offices. We strive to consistently deliver high quality, performance oriented solutions for the agriculture, commercial, federal, public works, residential, and utility industries. Our dedication to excellence is reflected in our 25-year warranty, a benchmark that we stand by in order to support our customers above and beyond their expectations.
To learn more about Sunworks, visit our website at http://sunworksusa.com/.
Welcome to the live news blog for Reading, Bracknell and Wokingham on Monday August 14.
As always we'll be updating this blog with breaking news throughout the day so if you see or hear something you think we should know about get in touch by calling 0118 918 3024, sending an email getreading@trinitymirror.com, sending a tweet to @getreading or posting a message on our Facebook page.
We'll be dropping in alerts about everything from traffic and travel to business openings and community events to criminal incidents.
For the latest and breaking news visit www.getreading.co.uk/news or follow the updates in this blog.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A thug who killed a Jaguar Land Rover employee by viciously stamping on his head in a brutal street attack has been convicted of murder.
Simeon Corry followed 54-year-old Garry Twist and his partner after they left a pub in Hall Green before launching the attack.
Corry, 32, of Gospel Lane, Acocks Green, was found guilty of the charge following a trial at Birmingham Crown Court.
He was also convicted of assaulting Rosemary Garvey by smashing her in the face with a bottle.
Judge Melbourne Inman QC adjourned the case until Wednesday morning when he will set the minimum term Corry must serve of a life sentence.
The two victims had gone for a quiet drink at the College Arms pub on September 30 last year.
(Image: Google Streets)
The court heard it had been a pleasant evening until Corry arrived intent on causing trouble.
He was involved in a heated exchange with the landlord and at one point jumped over the bar and stole a bottle of wine.
Corry then turned his attentions to Mr Twist and Miss Garvey and left the pub at the same time as them.
Garry Twist murder trial: Live updates from court over killing of Jaguar Land Rover worker
As they walked along Shaftmoor Lane, he goaded the couple and would not go away.
Eventually the men came together with the defendant the aggressor.
During a struggle he quickly got the better of Mr Twist as they went to the ground.
(Image: Darren Griffiths)
While the victim was completely defenceless, Corry raised his leg high up and stamped on his head three or four times.
When Miss Garvey tried to intervene, he hit her in the face with the bottle.
Corry then walked off and later went to an Indian restaurant in Acocks Green where, after causing problems there, he was arrested.
As a result of the “gratuitous and brutal violence” Mr Twist suffered grave and catastrophic injuries including fractures to the skull and died two weeks later.
Corry said in the time leading up to the incident he had gone on a rum-drinking and cocaine-taking binge.
He denied stamping on the victim's head, claimed Mr Twist had initially assaulted him and that, when he had retaliated, the victim had “fallen like a tree”.
Santa Barbara detectives are seeking leads in the Feb. 19 slaying of Kelly Mitchell Hunt, 21, of Ventura
Santa Barbara Police Department homicide investigators are asking for the public's help identifying a “person of interest” in the February 2013 slaying of a 21-year-old man on Olive Street.
Kelly Mitchell Hunt of Ventura died from multiple gunshot wounds after being transported to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital.
Officers responded to the scene at 7:17 p.m. on Feb. 19, after gunshots were reported on the 1000 block of Olive Street.
At the time, officers would not say whether the shooting was gang-related, and Hunt was not known to frequent the Santa Barbara area.
On Wednesday, police released pictures of a bicycle found at the scene of the crime, a Spire AL 18-Speed, aluminum mountain bike with a serial number 8NESD08AV4016.
“The owner of the bicycle is considered a person of interest in this ongoing investigation,” said Sgt. Riley Harwood, who encouraged anyone who recognizes the bicycle and can help identify the owner to contact Detective Brian Larson at 805.897.2345 or [email protected], or call anonymously to 805.897-2386.
Individuals providing credible information leading to the identification of the bicycle's owner may be eligible for monetary compensation, Harwood said.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
We start with a question popped in today's issue of the Ugandan Daily Monitor. “Are things falling apart in the Ugandan police force”? The editorial is substantiated with the findings of a survey it carried out last month indicating that more than 50 police officers and senior personnel within the force have either been arrested or implicated in theft and robbery in less than six months.
According to the Monitor, the country's police force has not worked hard enough to erase the damaging scandal discovered in October last year, when nine people, including five senior police officers, were charged before the court martial for allegedly kidnapping a Rwandan refugee in Kampala and sending him to his tormenters back in Kigali.
Daily Monitor urges President Yuweri Museveni to get interested in what is happening in the arm that is lawfully mandated to keep law and order to reassure citizens that the law enforcers are up to the task.
In Nigeria the Guardian comments about the disturbing number of children still out of school in the country. There are 8.5 million in all, down from 10.5 million in 2015.
The paper underlines that Education Minister Mallam Adamu Adamu credits the effort to President Muhammadu Buhari's school feeding program. But as the Guardian points out, even if the figures are down, the situation of Nigeria remains a "monumentally disgraceful", as children in remote areas, children living with disabilities, children in IDP camps and ethno-linguistic minorities continue to be left out of the system.
In Kenya, two women are making headlines after being embroiled in a furious legal battle over a two-year-old baby. Daily Nation says Ursillah Jeptoo who has been living with the baby was arrested by Eldoret police last week on allegations of having stolen Lucy Jepkoech's baby. The complainant alleges the baby was stolen from her at Kapsabet County Referral Hospital where she had given birth on April 24, 2015.
In the suit, Chepkoech says she had asked a woman in the hospital to look after her baby as she sorted out an urgent matter only to return and find her missing with the baby.
But Jeptoo, also reportedly claims to have given birth to the baby on the same day but at a different hospital 40 kms away. Daily Nation says she has attached copies of birth certificate and post-natal clinic records in her defence. According to the paper the authorities have handed the baby to a child rescue center, and DNA samples have been requested from the two women to establish its parenthood.
You should never underestimate the power of social media is a comment trending in the South African Times, after an engineering student at Vaal University of Technology got four anonymous good Samaritans to pay his outstanding school fees after an appeal for help on Twitter.
" I managed to raise R1,010 and was R940.00 short", Chris Ngoveni told Times Live, adding that in total‚ they gave him R1,700. One of those who answered Ngoveni's call wrote on his wall, it was payday for him. "I've got a little left over this month‚ and Chris must finish his year‚ get a job‚ buy a house & car‚ etc”, he wrote, noting that the universe aligned nicely today."
Akshay Kumar's recently released film Toilet Ek Prem Katha has hit the right chords with the audiences. It has ended the dry spell at the box office as the movie has already collected Rs 51 crore.
After the success of the movie, Twinkle Khanna posted a message on Twitter, but is it a dig at Salman Khan's Tubelight and Shahrukh Khan's Jab Harry Met Sejal? Read to find out.
Here's What Twinkle Wrote... "So even the box-office needed this Toilet eventually to break free from its constipation-#ToiletEkPremKath Hit Hit Hooray!"
Salman & Shahrukh's Film Bombed At The Box Office We all know that Salman Khan's Tubelight and Shahrukh Khan's Jab Harry Met Sejal bombed badly at the box office.
So Is She Taking A Dig At Them Twinkle Khanna wrote that Akshay Kumar's film helped the box office to get free from the constipation and many believe she has indirectly taken a dig at Salman and Shahrukh with this.
Jab Harry Met Sejal Could Not Even Cross Rs 100 Crore Unfortunately, Shahrukh Khan's JHMS could not even collect Rs 100 crore at the Indian box office.
Let's Talk About The Box Office Collection Of Toilet Now Trade analyst Taran Adarsh wrote, ''#ToiletEkPremKatha is EXTRAORDINARY... Fri 13.10 cr, Sat 17.10 cr, Sun 21.25 cr. Total: ₹ 51.45 cr. India biz.''
To Witness A Big Jump On 15th August #ToiletEkPremKatha has an AWESOME weekend... Day-wise growth was PHENOMENAL... Tue [Independence Day] will again witness a big jump in biz.''
Toilet Ek Prem Katha Has Pumped Oxygen In The Film Industry #ToiletEkPremKatha has pumped oxygen in the lungs of an ailing film industry... The dry spell at the BO ends finally! #TEPK
Strong Word Of Mouth Is Helping In Increasing The Business #ToiletEkPremKatha witnessed FANTASTIC growth on Sat... Strong word of mouth is translating into MASSIVE numbers... #TEPK
Keep watching this space for more updates!
Also Read: Esha Gupta Defends Her NUDE Butt-Showing Pictures; Says She's Gone NAKED & TOPLESS During Modelling
Kwara State University 2016/2017 5th Convocation Ceremony Scheduled.
The Kwara State University hereby inform all graduands, parents/guardians and the general public that the 5th Convocation Ceremonies of the institution for conferment of Degrees and award of prizes, covering 2016/2017 graduands will hold as follows: DATE: 1. Wednesday, 7th June, 2017 VICE CHANCELLOR'S PRESS BRIEFING Venue: Council Chambers, Kwara State University, Malete Time: 10:00 a.m. 2. …
The post Kwara State University 2016/2017 5th Convocation Ceremony Scheduled. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce reckons the ‘dark days' at Aston Villa are now finally behind them.
The club had struggled for years in the Premier League before that fatal relegation season in 2016 and last term's failed promotion push made matters even worse.
But a fine start to 2018 has lifted spirits in the claret and blue camp and automatic promotion is now in sight.
Away from football, this week has been particularly difficult for the boss after dealing with an illness to his mother.
But the strong support network around him at Villa have played a major role in keeping things ticking over.
“I must thank my staff this week because they've been great,” said Bruce.
“They prepared the team for Sheffield United so they deserve all the plaudits.
“I watched on as the staff, supporters, the team, all celebrated. The whole lot of them were engrossed in the winning goal.
“And it's little moments like that, that tell me, thankfully, it is starting to turn our way a little bit.
“Hopefully the tide is turning.
“We are in it together and hopefully the dark days are behind us and we have something to look forward to.”
Robert Snodgrass' 90th-minute winner at Bramall Lane gave Villa a much-needed three points and closed the gap on second-placed Derby County to a point.
The unity in the group can now be extended into the fanbase, and Bruce believes that is crucial in the times ahead.
“I think it is vitally important there is a connection with the supporters, a connection with the staff,” he said.
“I realised this week, in difficult circumstances, how important my staff are to me.
“I have relied on them and they have come through.
“The most pleasing thing for me was to see people celebrate.
“I know it is always nice when you score in the last minute.
“But there was a connection from the supporters and the team they support.
“That is vitally important because I think it had been amiss for a while.
“They associate with the team. We need everyone pointing in the same direction.”
A familiar face
Aaron Tshibola will be facing a familiar face this weekend when his loan club Kilmarnock face Celtic in the SPL.
The 23-year-old made the move north of the border to join Killie for the remainder of the season, after his MK Dons spell came to a premature end.
For a short while in 2016, the young midfielder was in the same side as Scott Sinclair, before the winger left for the Scottish champions.
And speaking to BT Sport, Tshibola revealed that the pair shared a room while on pre-season under Roberto Di Matteo.
“He was actually my room-mate at Aston Villa,” Tshibola said.
“I know Scotty quite well and it will be good to see him again. We have kept in touch.
“I didn't really speak to him too much before coming up here but I'm obviously aware of what Scotty's achieved here. He's a great player and a great person so I'm happy for him.
"Aston Villa's bench would beat us the way we're playing" Nigel Clough's blunt assessment of Saturday's match
“Sharing a room with him, you gain small bits. You just naturally gain the professionalism and how they come across. He's a very experienced player and he's achieved a lot. I have gained a fair amount from the small time I was with him at Aston Villa.”
Another big factor in Tshibola's decision to head to Scotland was the pull of Steve Clarke.
The pair worked together previously at Villa, and also Reading.
‘Tish' is looking forward to working with Clarke once again.
“Obviously one of the main reasons for me coming here is the gaffer knows my qualities, my strengths and weaknesses and what I need to improve on and what I need to do to get to the top,” he said.
“He's good at developing young players and passing on his experiences. He has been at some top clubs and done some massive things in the game. Everyone has bought into his training methods, it's enjoyable.”
by
Why is MDTA intentionally distorting traffic data used to locate a second bay bridge?
I recently attended the Chesapeake Bay Crossing Study information meeting held in Chestertown by the Maryland Transportation Authority (MDTA). They displayed a number of information panels around the room showing what they claimed was an unbiased presentation of the data they have collected thus far.
Unbiased? I was shocked by the graphic panel depicting the flow of traffic to and from Maryland counties affected by the Bay Bridge. On this crucial information panel (shown below) they relocated the high-traffic counties to make it appear as though the main flow of traffic occurs between points situated north of the Bay Bridge.
The actual percentages tell a very different story than the visual message displayed in their information panel. The fact that MDTA put time and effort into creating this blatant distortion of the facts, suggests that they have a hidden agenda. It looks like they're trying to build a case for locating the proposed new bridge north of the current one, even though the data show that a northern route would do little, if anything, to reduce traffic on the existing bridge. Comparing their panel to the map below shows how counties were relocated on MDTA's graphic to alter the facts.
The charts below have been corrected to show the affected counties as they are actually located relative to one another and to the Bay Bridge. The size of the circles used to show each location reflects the percentage of motorists traveling to and from these locations. The total percentages of traffic flowing in each direction are shown to the side.
I sent this “errant display” notice along with the graphics to MDTA a few weeks back and waited for their reply before submitting this article to the Spy. This week, I received the typical “Your comments are important to us… and will be incorporated into the project record” reply. There was no acknowledgement of the glaring errors in their information panels or a willingness to correct them, even though the public meetings are continuing around the region.
For Maryland residents to participate in this decision-making process we must have all the facts presented accurately and without bias. Intentionally distorting the data to make a fraudulent case for one location over another is despicable. We residents must all be vigilant going forward to make sure we don't get railroaded by our own state officials.
Readers can view MDTA's entire presentation including the errant traffic-flow panels here.
Zane Carter is a retired advertising executive who now lives on the Eastern Shore of Maryland.
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - Police are searching for two men caught on surveillance video stealing a car from a Southwest Miami-Dade home.
According to the homeowner, she and her husband woke up Friday morning to find their car gone.
After checking their surveillance cameras, they saw two people pushing the car off their driveway near Bird Road and Southwest 87th Avenue.
If you have any information on this crime, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
At least 23 people have been killed and 17 others wounded when a ferry caught fire near the Indonesian capital, Jakarta, an official said.
Rescue officials said a further 17 people were still unaccounted for.
The boat caught on fire on Sunday about 1.6km out of port on its way to Tidung Island, a popular holiday destination in the Thousand Islands district, north of Jakarta.
"The report [from the boat] said there were about 100 people on board but we are not sure," Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, the country's national disaster management agency spokesman, said.
Purwo told Al Jazeera that 194 people out of a possible 247 were rescued, though it was still unclear how many people were on board.
"There could be more. We are still searching," Nugroho said.
Nugorho added there were just 100 lifejackets on board.
The passenger vessel, Zahro Express, was carrying about 200 people from Jakarta's port of Muara Angke to Tidung, a resort island in the Kepulauan Seribu chain, when it caught fire.
Seventeen people were taken to hospital with injuries, according to local police spokesman Ferry Budiharso.
Budiharso said the fire started when a power generator on the boat short-circuited.
Italy's president has attempted to broker an eleventh-hour deal between the country's two largest populist parties to avoid another destabilising national election, helping Italian assets recover from a sell-off that rattled investors worldwide.
Sergio Mattarella, who triggered this week's crisis by blocking the appointment of a Eurosceptic finance minister proposed by the two parties last Sunday, held informal meetings with leaders of the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement and the far-right League on Wednesday evening.
Although Mr Mattarella was unable to reach agreement to form a new coalition, he gave both parties more time to reach a deal, prompting Carlo Cottarelli, the former IMF official who had been tasked with forming an interim technocratic government on Monday, to put his own plans on hold.
The rekindling of coalition talks triggered a rally in Italian bonds and stocks. The yield on the politically sensitive two-year note tumbled about 1.15 percentage points to 1.49 per cent as prices rose. Milan's FTSE MIB stock market index closed up 2.1 per cent.
Investors have been unsettled by the prospect of snap elections, which will be seen as a referendum on Italy's membership in the euro - a tacit acknowledgment that a currency union once described as inviolable may, in fact, be voluntary.
Mr Cottarelli's stopgap government was not expected to win a parliamentary vote of confidence, trigging elections as early as July.
But after two meetings on Wednesday, Mr Cottarelli and Mr Mattarella agreed to a delay to see if the talks between Five Star and the League might come to fruition, according to one senior official close to the discussions.
Matteo Salvini, the 45-year-old head of the League, has seen his support grow in recent opinion polling, and told campaign rallies in Tuscany and Liguria that he wanted to quickly go to another election.
“We have consistency and loyalty,” he said. “We were ready to go last week and they didn't allow us.”
Finance minister
Luigi Di Maio, the Five-Star leader whose party finished ahead in the election in March, has led efforts to resurrect the coalition, saying on Wednesday night that Paolo Savona, the 81-year-old Eurosceptic proposed for the finance ministry, could be moved to another job.
“There are two paths ahead: either we launch the [coalition] government with a reasonable solution or we vote right away,” Mr Di Maio said.
An aide to the Italian president said the offer to shift Mr Savona to a different ministry was being “evaluated with great attention”.
The choice of finance minister remains the biggest sticking point in talks between the two parties. If no deal is reached, Italy would be heading towards a new election. While Five Star wants parliament to be dissolved immediately, triggering a summer vote, the League is pushing for a poll in the autumn.
The renewed hope of a peaceful end to the political infighting helped Rome sell €5.6 billion of fresh debt at auction on Wednesday morning, though at a higher borrowing cost than at its previous similar sale. It paid a 2.32 per cent yield for five-year debt, and 3 per cent for 10-year paper.
The turmoil in Italy continues to ripple through global markets. Following Tuesday's global sell-off, Asian bourses were hit on Wednesday morning, with Tokyo's Nikkei index falling 1.5 per cent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index weakening 1.4 per cent.
A rush to buy US Treasuries as an investment haven amid the turmoil eased. The yield on the 10-year US Treasuries was up just 7bp to 2.85 per cent by early afternoon in New York on Wednesday.
On currency markets, the euro rallied on reduced Italian fears, rising more than 1 per cent to nearly $1.17 on Wednesday. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
A Dublin jockey who punched a taxi driver in the face and tried to gouge his eye out is to be given community service in lieu of a jail sentence.
Christopher Timmons (29) pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to assault causing harm at Morehampton Road, Donnybrook on the night of July 24, 2016.
Timmons, with an address at The Pines, Castleknock, Dublin, penned a letter to the court saying he was “horrified” by his own actions, especially as both of his grandfathers had worked as taxi drivers.
Timmons said he no longer drinks alcohol.
He bought the sum of €3,950 to court to cover the financial losses suffered by the taxi driver as a result of the assault
At the sentence hearing on Friday, Judge Karen O'Connor ordered that a report be prepared to see if Timmons was suitable for community service.
She said that pending the outcome of the report, due in April, she will sentence Timmons to 200 hours of community service in lieu of 18 months in prison.
Judge O'Connor said that although Timmons had displayed violent and aggressive behaviour, she felt he would be more useful to society carrying out service rather than in custody.
The court heard that Timmons had hailed a cab on the night and there was “some confusion” over the fare in respect of another person who was already in the taxi.
The taxi driver told gardaí ­ that Timmons became very aggressive, slammed the passenger door, punched the roof of the car and kicked the side door.
The driver then got out of the taxi and asked Timmons what he thought he was doing, before walking back towards his car.
Timmons then grabbed him from behind by his shirt, punched him in the face and was trying to “gouge his eye out” with his fingers.
Timmons then left the scene and walked towards Morehampton Road.
A victim impact report prepared by the injured man said he suffered a financial loss of €3,941 and had since changed his job and had become a bus driver.
The court heard Timmons has one previous minor conviction. He has completed a third level degree, works as a jockey and is now addressing his alcohol issues.
Judge O'Connor said testimonials on behalf of Timmons suggested that this was “out-of-character” behaviour.
She said Timmons was clearly a talented jockey with an impressive employment record, who had shown remorse and co-operated with gardaí­.
The matter will return to court for finalisation on April 13th.
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for his new track “Almost Like Praying.”
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Unveils “Immigrants” Video
Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Camila Cabello, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, John Leguizamo, Jennifer Lopez, Rita Moreno, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, PJ Sin Suela, Tommy Torres, and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song, which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico.
Written by Miranda only last week, the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “Maria,” from West Side Story.
Check out the star-studded charity single below.
Guest essay by Sheldon Walker
I recently read an article by Tamino aka Grant Foster of Portland, ME, called “Global Warming: the Relentless Trend“.
Many of the points that he made annoyed me, and I started to write an article to document his many errors. Halfway through the article, I suddenly realised that some of the issues that skeptics and warmists argue about, like slowdowns and pauses, are caused by the terminology, and the definitions of the words that we use.
So that you can enjoy how I was going to trash Tamino's article, I will leave in the half of the article that I had already written, before I had my revelation.
Quotes from Tamino's article will be enclosed in square brackets – [like this]
<<< angry hat on >>>
________________________________________________________
[When it comes to global warming, recent years have been so hot that it worries even those who deny the problem exists.]
Tamino starts off by claiming that even stupid deniers are worried by the high temperatures in recent years.Tamino has spent many years treating skeptics like dirt, and insulting them by calling them deniers. But suddenly all of the deniers are rushing to Tamino, to tell him how worried they are about recent temperatures. Are we really meant to believe this?
________________________________________________________
[No one more desperately needs global warming to end than those most against doing anything about it. That's why they cling so tight to the notion of a “pause” …]
We can apply Tamino's logic to other situations. No one more desperately needs ballet lessons, than those who don't want to have ballet lessons. Tamino, I have signed you up for ballet classes, starting next Monday. You will thank me when you are older.
Tamino, we cling so tight to the notion of a “pause”, because we believe that the evidence supports it (i.e. a warming rate of nearly zero for the 10 years from 2002 to 2012). You can do the linear regression yourself, if you don't trust my figures. Show us why this isn't a slowdown or pause. We are prepared to look at your proof.
________________________________________________________
Tamino writes some poetic nonsense about the recent warm temperatures. In case you don't know what “the highest high born” is, it is referring to the record high temperature in 2016.
[…, the highest high born of the unholy marriage of extreme fluctuation and relentless trend.]
What Tamino fails to mention, is that the “unholy” marriage is between a human and a mouse. The mouse's name is “relentless trend”, and the human's name is “extreme fluctuation”. Tamino would like you to think that the mouse and the human are equal partners in the marriage. But reality proves that they are not.
________________________________________________________
[ It may become their new delight, this highest peak, a cherry more ripe and juicy than any before it.
And cherry-pick they will. That's what happened after the 1998 el Niño.]
Tamino believes that skeptics/deniers will always use a new record temperature as the starting point for a new “pause”. He claims that they did it in 1998, and he is convinced that they will do it again with the record temperature in 2016 (which he calls a ripe cherry).
I don't know about you, but I am getting a bit fed up with the warmist lie, that deniers claim that a slowdown or pause started in 1998. I have done a lot of work on this, and published a number of articles explaining that a strong slowdown/pause started in 2002, NOT 1998. It had a warming rate of almost zero, and lasted for the 10 years from 2002 to 2012. The slowdown didn't become strong until 4 years after 1998.
I think that Tamino and the other warmists keep repeating the lie that skeptics believe that a pause started in 1998, because they know that nobody will ever find a pause there. They are like the drunk who searches for his lost keys under a street lamp, even though he lost the keys somewhere else in the darkness. In this case,the warmists don't want to find the keys (a slowdow/pause), so they deliberately search for them in a place where they know that the keys cannot be found.
________________________________________________________
Tamino has a novel way of guaranteeing that his biases are always confirmed by his simulations. For example, Tamino always starts looking for a slowdown or pause, starting from a temperature spike. He claims that deniers always do that. So when Tamino finds the “impression” of a slowdown or pause, he can always say, “look, it started with a temperature spike”. Of course it did, Tamino put it there.
________________________________________________________
Tamino reveals a lot about how he does climate simulations, and how he makes sure that he never finds a slowdown or pause. Look at the graph that he has drawn of his simulation results, the one that covers just 14 years. It shows a regression line fitted to the 14 years of data, which is almost flat,like a slowdown or pause.
Now look at what Tamino has written.
[OMG! A fourteen-year stretch with no trend at all! If anything, the globe is cooling!!!]
Could it be that Tamino is finally going to admit that there could be a slowdown or pause? Don't hold your breath. Here is what he said next.
[In spite of the fact that these data are the sum of random noise and that same relentless trend. The impression of a pause is a combination of random chance with the fact that we started off with a big early peak.]
Now, remember what I said before about the temperature spike (in this quote Tamino calls it a big early peak). Tamino put it there, and now he is using it to claim that the slowdown or pause isn't real, it is only “the impression of a pause”.
Look again at the graph which gives the “impression of a pause”, and starts with a big spike. First off, notice that no statistical test was ever done to prove than this is not a slowdown or pause. Tamino has simply used his opinion, to deny that it is a slowdown or pause.
Now consider this. Remove the first data point (the temperature spike). You then have 13 years of top quality slowdown or pause. Does Tamino look at this. No he does NOT. Why would a person who doesn't want to find a slowdown or pause, risk finding a real one.
Consider the words that Tamino uses. (I am repeating some of a previous quote, so that I can draw attention to certain words)
[OMG! A fourteen-year streth with no trend at all! If anything, the globe is cooling!!! That's what we'll hear repeated over and over, In spite of the fact that these data are the sum of random noise and that same relentless trend.]
Let me paraphrase that quote, to make its meaning clear. It is saying that [presumably] deniers will repeat over and over, that it is a slowdown or pause, or even a cooling trend, IN SPITE OF THE FACT THAT THESE DATA ARE THE SUM OF RANDOM NOISE AND THAT SAME RELENTLESS TREND.
What Tamino is implying, is that this can NOT be a slowdown or pause, or even a cooling trend, because the temperature values are calculated from random noise and a trend. So Tamino can happily throw away the slowdown.
But wait. The parts of Tamino's simulation graph which show a warming trend, are also calculated from random noise and a trend. Exactly the same as the slowdown was. If he is going to throw away the slowdown because it was calculated from random noise and a trend, then why doesn't he throw the warming trends away as well.
Could it be that Tamino wants the warming parts, but doesn't want the slowdown parts. So he uses his biased opinion to throw away the slowdown parts, and keeps the warming parts, even though both parts were calculated in the same way. And then to add insult to injury he says “see, stupid deniers think that there was a slowdown there”.
________________________________________________________
<<< friendly hat on >>>.
Let's start by defining some terms.
The global temperature series. This is the global temperature series that we try to physically measure. GISTEMP is one example of this, but there are many others.
The global temperature series can be influenced by many things. For example, El Nino's, PDO, AMO, the Blob, and of course, global warming. There are many other possible influences as well, like solar input, albedo changes, land use, cloud cover, etc.
Another important influence on the global temperature series is a random, or pseudo-random element. There is also the question of the form of the random, or pseudo-random element. For example, the amount of autocorrelation.
We are trying to measure the global warming signal, by looking at the global temperature series. But it is difficult, because the global warming signal is not strong over shorter time intervals, and the other influences are stronger than global warming.
At times, the various influences, especially the pseudo-random element, make the global temperature series appear to slow down or pause. This is what the skeptics are talking about when they claim that there is a slowdown or pause over a certain timeframe. I cannot speak for all skeptics, but when I talk about a slowdown or pause, I am usually talking about a temporary slowdown or pause, and I am not suggesting that global warming had gone away, or vanished. Global warming is still happening, but its effect is being masked by the other influences.
I think that warmists look at a slowdown or pause from a different viewpoint. They know that global warming had not “gone away”. So they don't like hearing about a slowdown or pause. They think that skeptics are claiming that global warming has slowed down or paused. This leads to “slowdown and pause” denial. So the skeptics insult the warmists, and the warmists insult the skeptics, and it starts a repeating cycle of abuse. All in all, it is a fairly toxic situation.
In summary, skeptics are generally talking about the global temperature series when they talk about a slowdown or pause. They are talking about what the temperature actually did.
Warmists are generally talking about global warming, when they refuse to believe that a slowdown or pause has occurred. It is hard to know whether warmists would accept a slowdown or pause in the global temperature series, if they were assured that global warming was still happening.
If any warmists read this article, could you please leave a comment after the article stating whether you would accept a slowdown or pause in the global temperature series, if accepting the slowdown or pause did not lessen global warming in any way.
So we are effectively arguing about different things. This means that we could both be right (or we could both be wrong).
I have just remembered a story from my school-days. Two knights were arguing about the colour of a sign that hung outside a pub. One knight (knight A), claimed that it was a silver colour. The other knight (knight B), claimed that it was a gold colour. They could not agree, so they decided to have a fight, and the winner's colour choice would be accepted. So they had a fight, and knight A managed to blind Knight B in one eye. But Knight B managed to cut Knight A's arm off. While they were recovering from their injuries, before they started fighting again, they rested on the wall of the pub, and looked up at the sign. I am sure that you will have guessed by now, that the sign turned out to be silver on one side, and gold on the other side. I am not sure what it is, but there must be a moral in that story somewhere.
So, we now have a workable solution to the argument about slowdowns and pauses. Warmists can choose their champion, and skeptics can choose their champion, and we will have a televised fight to the death, to decide whether there was a slowdown from 2002 to 2012.
Don't worry, I am only joking. Single combat is far too boring, let's have a Game of Thrones type of battle, with a cast of thousands.
Advertisements
WEDDED BLISS: Newlyweds Margaret and Tom Endersby at their wedding ceremony at Abbey of the Roses last Wednesday.
MARGARET Taylor said she was about to give up on love, but the newlywed has now proven you're never too old to find it.
The mother-of-two was in her late 60s when she met the love of her life, Tom Endersby, three years ago.
The couple, now 70 and 81 respectively, got married at Warwick's very own Abbey of the Roses last Wednesday.
"We met online through Country Companions a bit over three years," Mrs Endersby said.
"I guess it was the honesty and openness that attracted me to him.
"I think that's been a big thing for both of us."
The pair had each been married before - Margaret had been divorced and Tom was a widower from his second marriage.
But Mrs Endersby said she had finally found a lasting relationship in that with her new husband.
"I hadn't had a good relationship until I met Tom," she said.
"I was about to give up, but something told me to keep looking.
"Love means everything to me."
Mr Endersby said he proposed just before Christmas and they had found their wedding venue online.
"I asked her to marry me while we were on a river boat cruise in Brisbane," he said.
"We had talked about it and knew that we'd like to do it but she didn't know when I would ask.
"We're from Plainland over near Oakey and found the Abbey just looking around online.
"We decided by the time our whole families were here we may not have been able to afford anything we really wanted so we opted for a small wedding."
Mrs Endersby said despite only having the photographer and celebrant at the wedding, their families had been supportive.
"My kids and Tom's three kids have all been very supportive and they would have been here if they could have been," she said.
The happy couple will celebrate their honeymoon officially when they head to England later in the year.
Hello Beautiful Staff
Someone at the eCommerce company Wish thought it would be a good idea to use slim models' bodies to advertise plus size tights on their website. Welp, there's been a massive backlash on social media as a result. People took to Twitter to express their disdain with the company's insensitivity towards plus size women.
Why the heck didn't they simply use a plus-sized model? This is wrong on so many levels. https://t.co/as1TJOJedv — Denise (@Denise_Left) December 11, 2017
Now why'd they go and do that? https://t.co/xaY7RrXk97 literally is trying to sell ish by having their models fit their entire bodies into a pair of plus-size tights. There's gotta be a better way. https://t.co/ZMuVX79tLq pic.twitter.com/BJxCgb64An — YBF CHIC (@TheYBF) December 11, 2017
Wish.com is selling the tights for $2, making it available in colors nude and black. Believe it or not, the company comes second to Amazon when it comes to online retail sales. They've been in business since 2011 and have thrived on Chinese manufacturing. “Wish target customers with low-price goods such as dresses, watches, sneakers or jewelry shipped straight from Chinese manufacturers – but that also menas delivery can take weeks and items sometimes arrive damaged,” according to Recode. The company is also reportedly worth 3 billion dollars.
Why the campaign couldn't just use actual plus size models is a mystery. What are your thoughts about the choice Wish made to advertise plus size tights? Tell us in the comments and take our poll below.
DON'T MISS:
The 2017 Curvy Con Brings Plus Size Fashion To The Front Row Of New York Fashion Week
On K-Mart Rebranding Plus Sizes To ‘Fabulously Sized' And The Lie Of Fashion Inclusivity
Plus Size Model Marquita Pring Lands Spot On Maybelline Campaign
After two days of round-the-clock work to control water flowing over the Oroville Dam in Northern California, people who live downstream of the structure are allowed to return to their homes, officials announced Tuesday.
Nearly 200,000 people were affected by evacuations after water scoured enormous holes in two of the dam's concrete spillways beginning Sunday, raising concerns that the tallest dam in the country could fail.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea announced Tuesday evening he was lifting an evacuation order issued on Sunday, Dan Brekke of member station KQED reported.
"Thousands of lives were protected [from] the looming prospect of a catastrophic failure of the emergency spillway," Honea told reporters, adding that residents should be ready to evacuate again if conditions change.
"There's the prospect that we can issue another evacuation order if circumstances change," he said.
The Red Cross said shelters remained open on Tuesday evening.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency also announced that federal disaster relief for Butte, Sutter and Yuba counties had been approved by the White House on Tuesday.
On Monday and Tuesday, crews dumped enormous rocks into damaged sections of the dam's damaged emergency spillway, hoping to prevent further erosion. The spillway is supposed to carry water from Lake Oroville around the main wall of the dam when the lake level is too high.
With the lake level still high and more rain forecast for later this week, officials rushed to prevent a catastrophe, as The Los Angeles Times reported:
"A swarm of trucks and helicopters dumped 1,200 tons of material per hour onto the eroded hillside that formed the dam's emergency spillway. One quarry worked around the clock to mine boulders as heavy as 6 tons. An army of workers mixed concrete slurry to help seal the rocks in place. " 'This is an aggressive, proactive attack to address the erosion,' said Bill Croyle, acting director of the state Department of Water Resources. 'There's a lot of people, a lot of equipment, a lot of materials moving around, from the ground and from the air.' "At the main spillway, a different and riskier operation was underway: Despite a large hole in the concrete chute, officials have been sending a massive amount of the swollen reservoir's water down the chute to the Feather River in a desperate attempt to reduce the lake's level. "The structure continued to hold Tuesday without sustaining more significant damage, officials said."
By Wednesday morning, officials said the lake level was low enough to handle rain from the next storm, Dan Brekke reported.
The damage to Oroville Dam raises questions about the ability of aging infrastructure to cope with severe weather exacerbated by global warming.
After a damaging five year drought in California, the National Weather Service said Tuesday that much of the state is on track for the wettest winter ever recorded, filling reservoirs and replenishing alpine snowpack that will continue to feed rivers for months.
That means California's aging dams will be tested as they have not been in years.
The New York Times reported that "of the 1,585 dams in California, 17 are listed in poor condition and 97 in fair condition, according to the National Inventory of Dams, which is kept by the United States Army Corps of Engineers."
On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called the Oroville dam situation "a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress," continuing, "Dams, bridges, roads, and all ports around the county have fallen into disrepair."
AUBURN, Ala. (AP) — Florida center John Egbunu left the Auburn game in the first half with a left knee injury and didn't return.
Egbunu went down in the first half of the 15th-ranked Gators' 114-95 win over Auburn on Tuesday night. He had 10 points and four rebounds before going down after a battle for a rebound midway through the half.
Egbunu was helped off the court and toward the locker room. He is expected to have an MRI on Wednesday. Coach Mike White said he didn't have any update on the significance of the injury.
The 6-foot-11, 255-pounder came in averaging 7.7 points, 6.7 rebounds and 1.6 blocked shots. Egbunu ranks in the top 10 in the Southeastern Conference in both rebounding and blocked shots.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BALTIMORE (AP) — An unusual smell prompted an evacuation and a hazardous materials response at a Baltimore high school. But after five people were taken to the hospital complaining of upset stomachs, fire officials discovered the source of the smell: a pumpkin spice air freshener.
Cristo Rey Jesuit High School was evacuated Thursday afternoon after students and teachers detected a strong smell on the third floor. Several people reported difficulty breathing.
The fire department and a hazardous materials team were called. Fire spokesman Roman Clark said two students and three adults were taken to the hospital for stomach ailments.
Then, firefighters located a pumpkin spice air aerosol plugged into an outlet in a classroom.
Classes at the school resumed Friday.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MIAMI GARDENS, FLA. (WSVN) - Police are searching for a shooter after a stray bullet killed a woman in Miami Gardens.
Alicia Roundtree, a 42-year-old mother of three, was driving alone in her car at Northwest 183rd Street when she was shot, Saturday night.
Police found her car after it crashed in the area of a parking lot near 27th Avenue.
Roundtree was rushed to a hospital and later died.
Police are now trying to ease fears that a sniper was responsible for Roundtree's death.
Social media posts said to be from Roundtree's family friend claimed that the shots that killed Roundtree came from a random shooter targeting cars in the area.
Miami Gardens Police Department held a news conference to shed light on the situation, Monday.
“There were numerous social media posts recently indicating that there's a sniper out there between the area of 183rd Street and between 22nd Avenue and 27th Avenue,” said Miami Gardens Police Chief Delma Noel-Pratt. “There are no facts to indicate that there's a sniper out there shooting at random people. So when people are putting false information out there, baseless facts, things that they don't have anything to substantiate it — it's very frustrating.”
If you have any information on this shooting, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $3,000 reward.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swanky London restaurant The Ivy has revealed when its Birmingham restaurant will open.
The group behind the world-famous eatery is opening The Ivy Temple Row inside the former Louis Vuitton boutique in Temple Row.
It is one of the most anticipated restaurant openings in Birmingham this year.
First CGI images were released last month and show the restaurant will be decorated in The Ivy's signature green colours with contrasting burnt orange seating and polished marble floors.
It will have room for 135 people as well as a private dining room, which will seat a further 20 and will be pitched for celebrations and parties.
The company said the brasserie will have a focus on accessibility as well as glamour.
Although it will recommend restaurant goers book a table, it will also hold back a certain amount of covers each day for walk-in diners, for those wanting to casually pop in.
It will open early morning and late evenings seven days a week serving an all day menu of breakfasts, lunches, afternoon teas, cocktails, weekend brunches and dinner.
The restaurant will open on April 11.
(Image: Rewired PR)
Laura Bamber, operations manager for The Ivy Collection, said: "With a food scene as strong Birmingham's, the city is the perfect location for The Ivy Collection, and we're excited to open here later this spring.
"As Temple Row is situated right in the heart of the business district, we hope to become part of the local community."
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
It joins a long list of new restaurants opening in this area of the city.
Award-winning restaurant The Wilderness is due to open a new place inside a former building society in nearby Bennetts Hill. It closed its restaurant in Dudley Street last December to move into a bigger and more prominent city centre position.
Cuban cocktail bar and cantina Revolucion de Cuba will be opening opposite The Ivy in Temple Street this spring.
Also nearby, cocktail chain Dirty Martini will open inside the former Viva Brazil restaurant in Bennetts Hill.
Enjoy eating out? Check out restaurant recommendations and book on TripAdvisor and the Gourmet Society
This story is about Published 3d
Cold facts: Stars come up short against another division opponent in St. Louis Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Jeff Roberson/AP St. Louis Blues goalie Jake Allen, top left, falls while reaching for a puck as Dallas Stars' Gemel Smith (46) watches during the first period of an NHL hockey game Thursday, Dec. 7, 2017, in St. Louis. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)
By Mike Heika , Staff Writer Contact Mike Heika on Twitter: @MikeHeika
Blues 3, Stars 0
Three Stars 1. Jake Allen, Blues - Gets 16th career shutout with 29 saves 2. Brayden Schenn, Blues - Gets game-winning goal on power play 3. Colton Parayko, Blues - Insurance goal in third period was huge Big play The Stars came so close to tying the game late in the second period, as Jamie Benn brought the puck into the offensive zone and he and Alexander Radulov both tried to slip it past Jake Allen. A rebound came out into the slot and Stars defenseman Stephen Johns lifted it into the net. However, the replay showed the clock expired about a tenth of a second before the puck crossed the line. Discuss Has Kari Lehtonen earned another start? Ben Bishop wasn't great on Tuesday and missed Thursday with a sore back. Would it be a good idea to Lehtonen take Saturday's home game against Vegas? Has he earned that right?
Stars notebook: Kari Lehtonen providing plenty of relief in backup role
What does it mean? Dating back to Dec. 8 last year, the Stars are 0-11-1 against St. Louis, Winnipeg ad Nashville. Those are the three teams ahead of Dallas in the Central Division, and those are the three teams they need to either climb above or potentially face in the playoffs. This was a tough loss in the standings. GOALS Blues: With Alexander Radulov in the box for high sticking, Brayden Schenn lifted in a rebound for his 14th goal of the season at13:39 of the first period. Blues 1, Stars 0. Blues: With Brett Ritchie in the box for high sticking, Colton Parayko blasted a shot from distance for his third goal of the season at 5:01 of the third period. Blues 2, Stars 0. Blues: Vladimir Tarasenko scored into an empty net with 47.6 seconds remaining in the game. Blues 3, Stars 0
This story is about Published 2h
Twisting the knife: The numbers and highlights show how badly the Bruins lost the Tyler Seguin trade Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Ashley Landis/Staff Photographer Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin (91) celebrates a goal that tied the game in the last four seconds of regulation play of an NHL hockey game between the Dallas Stars and the Tampa Bay Lightning on Thursday, March 1, 2018 at the American Airlines Center in Dallas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
By Joshua Friemel , Staff Writer Contact Joshua Friemel on Twitter: @Josh_Friemel
Five years ago today, the Dallas Stars stole Tyler Seguin in a trade with the Boston Bruins. The full trade:
Dallas received:
Seguin
Rich Peverley
Ryan Button
Boston received:
Loui Eriksson
Joseph Morrow
Reilly Smith
Matt Fraser We're going to break down some numbers behind the trade, watch some highlights and check out some Seguin GIFS. Get ready. It's going to be a wild ride [if you're a Stars fan].
How everyone fared with their new team First, let's take a look at Boston. Player Games played Points with Boston When they left How they left Joseph Morrow 65 9 [2G, 7A] 2017 Free agency to Montreal Loui Eriksson 224 147 [62G, 85A] 2016 Free agency to Vancouver Reilly Smith 163 91 [33G, 58A] 2015 Trade to Florida Matt Fraser 38 5 [5G, 0A] 2014 Waiver claim by Edmonton There's more bad than good here for Boston. It took just four years for all of their pieces from the Seguin trade to vacate their roster.
Eriksson got better in each season with Boston, scoring 10, then 22, then 30 goals with the Bruins. In his third season, he got back up to the 60-point plateau, which he had done his last four years in Dallas [he eclipsed 70 points three times]. His best season as a Bruin earned him a fat six-year, $36 million contract with the Canucks. Reilly Smith's career in Boston was pretty solid, but he has thrived in an expanded role with the Panthers and Golden Knights. Everyone on this list made one playoff appearance with Boston, except Fraser.
Now Dallas. Player Games played Points When they left How they left Tyler Seguin 387 384 [173G, 211A] N/A N/A Rich Peverley 62 30 [7G, 23A] 2015 Retirement Ryan Button 0 0 2015 Went from Idaho Steelheads to Iserlohn Roosters In four years, the four players Boston got in the Seguin trade combined to score 102 goals and notch 150 assists -- good for 252 points.
In that same amount of time, Seguin alone had 133 goals and 173 assists -- good for 306 points. That's insane. The margin grows even more when you add in his total time with the Stars.
Twisting the knife Dallas and Boston have clashed 10 times on the ice since the trade in 2013. The Bruins have a slight edge in head-to-head victories with a 6-4 record against Dallas. But there is something that Seguin has over his former team: Dallas has won four out of five games up in Boston.
That's gotta feel good for Seguin. Four of his five goals against his former team have come at TD Garden. Talk about twisting the knife. Here's a game-by-game look at how Seguin and the Stars have fared against the Bruins the past five years. Date Home team Result Points Goals, assists Shifts TOI Nov. 2013 Boston Stars win 3-2 0 [+1] N/A 28 22:01 Jan. 2014 Dallas Bruins win 4-2 2 [0] 0, 2 23 19:58 Jan. 2015 Dallas Bruins win 3-1 0 [-1] N/A 27 23:04 Feb. 2015 Boston Stars win 5-3 0 [+1] N/A 24 18:01 Nov. 2015 Boston Stars win 5-3 3 [+1] 3, 0 24 16:59 Feb. 2016 Dallas Bruins win 7-3 0 [-2] N/A 25 17:43 Feb. 2017 Dallas Bruins win 6-3 2 [+1] 1, 1 25 20:59 March 2017 Boston Bruins win 2-0 0 [0] N/A 25 19:12 Jan. 2018 Boston Stars win 3-2 1 [+1] 1, 0 31 23:13 March 2018 Dallas Bruins win 3-2 1 [-1] 0, 1 30 20:36 -- Totals 4-6 record 9 [+1] 5, 4 26.2* 20:11* *Denotes average number of shifts/TOI
The hat trick This was Seguin's third trip back to Boston as a member of the Stars. Up to this point, he had failed to register a point at TD Garden, an arena where he scored 56 goals and had 65 assists in 203 games. That all changed in November 2015. His first shot of the game went in and it was mostly downhill for the Bruins from there. [Fun fact: Eriksson scored two goals of his own in this game.]
Here's some of what the Boston media had to say about this game. The Boston Globe's Fluto Shinzawa -- "Only two-plus seasons in, trading Tyler Seguin looks like a horrible mistake. The Dallas superstar, who is still only 23, could have 10-plus more years to compound the pain of a regrettable deal."
-- "Seguin was a good player before the trade. He's become special after it." -- "The scary thing is that Seguin is still improving. His best years are yet to come. They'll be as good as he wants them to be."
BostonMagazine.com's Alex Reimer -- "No matter how you try to spin the Tyler Seguin trade, it becomes more apparent by the year that the Bruins traded away one of the best offensive talents of this generation before his 22nd birthday. And that is tough to take." -- "Putting up with Seguin's off-ice carousing may have been tiresome, but players with transcendent talent deserve a little more leeway than their peers. Also, Seguin was only 21 years old when the Bruins shipped him to Dallas. He had plenty of time to grow up. "That's exactly what he's done in Dallas, by the way. Seguin hasn't been involved in any off-ice incidents, and is now even committed to playing a two-way game. The maturation of Tyler Seguin is fully underway. It's too bad it isn't happening here."
The dangle This one had to feel particularly good. Dallas had built a 2-0 lead before blowing it late to send the game into overtime. Then Seguin went to work on the power play.
So ... which team do you think won that trade? 😏
Galway 2-18 Laois 0-17
Two first-half goals from Conor Whelan proved crucial as All-Ireland champions Galway did just enough to see off the brave challenge of Laois in O'Moore Park.
For the second week in a row, Galway were sluggish and following on from last week's unimpressive win over Antrim, they were put to the pin of their collar by Laois for long stages.
The home side, inspired by captain Ross King who hit 12 points, put on a fine display and could point to the controversial sending off of James Ryan just before half-time as a huge moment in the match.
Ryan picked up a second yellow in the same off-the-ball incident that saw Galway's Greg Lally sent off - but he furiously protested his innocence amid claims of mistaken identity.
Whelan's second goal moments later helped the visitors to a 2-6 to 0-10 half-time lead that they scarcely deserved.
A string of King frees had Laois level by the 45th minute but Galway had that greater scoring power that proved crucial and a run of scores from Conor Cooney, Joe Cooney, Padraig Mannion, Sean Linnane, Aidan Harte and Whelan was enough to help them maintain their winning start.
Laois: E Rowland (0-1,f); D Hartnett, L Bergin, L Cleere; P Lawlor, M Whelan, E Killeen (0-1); P Purcell, J Ryan; A Corby, B Conroy, C Taylor; R King (0-12, 7f, 1'65), N Foyle, W Dunphy (0-2). Subs: J Keyes for Corby (h/t), S Downey for Taylor (h/t), M Kavanagh (0-1) for Conroy (52 mins), P McCane for Foyle (56), J Phelan for Cleere (67)
Galway: J Skehill; A Tuohy, J Hanbury, S Bannon; G Lally, P Mannion (0-3, 2f), A Harte (0-4, 1f); J Coen (0-1), P Breheny (0-1); S Linnane (0-1), J Cooney (0-3), C Mannion; C Whelan (2-1), C Cooney (0-3, 1f), D Glennon (0-1). Subs: B Concannon for C Mannion (50 mins), N Burke for C Cooney (59), S Cooney for Linnane (60)
Referee: P Murphy (Carlow)
Human rights lawyer and senior advocate of Nigeria, Mr. Femi Falana on Wednesday told governors of the 36 states of the federation not to expect President Muhammadu Buhari to help them maintain law and order in their states.
He said the governors have the power to control the police in their states.
Falana spoke at a Colloquium in honour of the Executive Editor, The News/PM News, Kunle Ajibade who turned 60 two days ago.
The event, under the theme, “A Brighter Future for Nigeria and how to get there.” was held at the Nigeria Institute of International Affairs, NIIA, Victoria Island, Lagos.
Noting the many killings in the land, Falana said unequivocally that it was not the duty of the Federal Government to maintain law and order in the states, as such duties belonged to the governors.
The celebrator, Ajibade and his wife Bumi , and Professor Wole Soyinka
“A governor cannot go to the television and be crying that his people are killed. No. Under the constitution of 1999, Section 214, we don't have a federal government police, we have the Nigerian Police Force which shall be controlled, organised and supervised by the Nigerian Police Council.
“Who are the members of the Nigerian Police Council? The president as Chairman, Inspector General of Police, the Chairman of the Police Service Commission and the 36 state governors. So, we have a body where the governors constitute the largest number to determine the fate of the police.
“A governor cannot go to the television and be crying that his people are killed. No. Under the constitution of 1999, Section 214, we don't have a federal government police, we have the Nigerian Police Force which shall be controlled, organised and supervised by the Nigerian Police Council.
“The president cannot appoint the IGP without seeking your consent or remove one. But what has happened since 1999? The governors have totally abdicated the responsibility of managing the Nigerian police force to the president. No governor is informed, they are only informed in a meeting and nobody will oppose it and that is the end of the matter. That is why we are in this mess.
“We are in a republic where the Supreme Court has held that the governor of a state is not for decoration, you have the power to give instruction to the police. The only time the commissioner of police can disapprove your instructions is when he says, please, I want to confirm from the president,” said.
Falana stated that under this dispensation, he has never heard of a situation where a governor ordered a Commissioner of Police to look for kidnappers who were causing problem in his state and the commissioner refused to do so.
“The only thing Abuja does for the police is the payment of their salary. The operational allowances, equipment and the rest have been abandoned to the states. Why then are the governors not taking control of the law and order in their states?”
Lamenting that people are still being killed in Kaduna, Zamfara, Benue and Taraba, the human rights activist added that robbery and kidnapping were also going on in other parts of the country.
“How did we get here? So, if we are gathered here to discuss the future of Nigeria, there has to be peace before we can plan ahead. Armed bandits have killed about 5,000 people in the last one-year in Zamfara State.
“Since the government has lost the monopoly of violence to criminals as it is happening now, it is high time we called on the National Assembly to enact a law to allow military training for Nigerian citizens. Pending the enactment of that law, I am calling on President Buhari to make facilities available in those states where lives have become totally endangered is in line with section 220 of the Nigerian constitution,” he said.
Osun State Governor, Rauf Aregbeola aligned with Falana's position, while urging Nigerians not to be despaired.
“The success of any African country as said by former Ghanaian president will be nothing if it is not linked to the success of the people.
“My vision is for a Nigeria that will give leadership to other nations, particularly within the Lake region of Africa, where the wealth of our race is actually. Nigeria has the potential to rally the annexation of the resources in Central Africa namely Congo, Kenya and others. Only Nigeria has the means to lead the process of using the resources for the uplift of black race,” he said.
Former Governor of Ogun State, Chief Olusegun Osoba said former President Olusegun Obasanjo used the police to rig him and others out of power in 2003.
“ In my own case, I had Israel Ajao as Police Commissioner. Weeks before the poll, he was working effectively and furnished me with security reports.
“But the former President, Olusegun Obasanjo, transferred him to Abuja. I had to fight before he was redeployed to Ogun State and that tells you how the President could disrupt things in the states,” he said.
While recalling how former IGP, Musiliu Smith, was removed from office, Osoba lamented that these were some of the issues that had affected the country's democracy.
Dignitaries at the event included the Publisher, Vanguard newspapers, Sam Amuka; former Civil Liberties Organisation President, Ayo Obe; Odia Ofeimum, lawyer Lai Babatunde, Amb. Tokunbo Awolowo-Dosunmu; Mike Awoyinfa, Prof. Chidi Odinkalu, Prof. Tunde Babawale, Tunde Rahman, Gbenga Adefaye, Alh. Sanni Kabir, Owei Lakemfa, Omoba Yemisi Shyllon, Senator Babafemi Ojudu, and others.
*Adapted from PMNEWS
The Tel Aviv regime plans to put forward a bill by the end of this month to annex more Palestinian land in the West Bank despite a recent UN resolution against illegal settlement activities in the occupied territories.
“Before the end of January, we, together with all the coalition parties, will propose a bill for the imposition of Israeli law on Ma'ale Adumim,” right-wing Education Minister Naftali Bennett, who also heads the so-called Jewish Home party, said on Sunday, Haaretz reported.
Ma'ale Adumim, which is considered by many Israelis as a suburban city, is the third most populous Israeli settlement located seven kilometers from Jerusalem al-Quds, encompassing a large swath of land in the occupied West Bank.
Bennett further expressed hope that the proposed bill would be supported by all regime officials.
The Knesset (Israeli parliament) law committee is expected to discuss the Ma'ale Adumim annexation in a special session on Monday despite divisions among politicians over the controversial topic.
Bennett, who is known for his routine expressions of extremist viewpoints, said last October that Israelis must “give their lives” to ensure the annexation of the West Bank.
After the 45th US presidential election in November, the hard-line Israeli politician also said that the idea of a sovereign Palestinian state was over following Donald Trump's win.
A month later, however, the United Nations Security Council adopted Resolution 2334 that denounced Israeli settlements as a “flagrant violation of international law.”
Irked by the vote, Bennett urged Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to rescind his support for the establishment of an independent Palestinian state.
The UN motion “like many of the earlier resolutions, will be thrown into the dustbin of history,” he claimed.
More than 230 illegal settlements have been constructed since the 1967 Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories. The unauthorized structures have hampered attempts to establish peace in the Middle East.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Two government studies that bombarded rats and mice with cellphone radiation found a weak link to some heart tumors, but federal regulators and some scientists say don't worry — it is safe to use your device. They still do.
Previous studies of cellphone users had found little reason for concern, but the newest research took a closer look at the effects of super-high doses in animals to address some lingering questions that could not be tested on humans.
The rat study released Friday found a small increase in an unusual type of heart tumor in male rats, but there were no significant problems in female rats or in a separate study of mice. In particular, scientists could not find hard evidence for concern about brain tumors.
The lead author of the research, John Bucher of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, is not changing his cellphone use or advising his family to.
“I am actually holding my cellphone up to my ear,” Dr. Otis Brawley, the American Cancer Society's chief medical officer, said in an interview after reading the studies.
The rodent studies do not reflect real-life cellphone use, he cautioned.
“These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern, but in fact they won't change what I tell people. The evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak. And so far, we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people. But if you're concerned about this animal data, wear an earpiece.”
The findings about the rare nerve-tissue tumor discovered in the hearts of male rats do not translate directly into a concern for humans, Bucher stressed.
Bucher's agency conducted the $25 million study at the behest of the Food and Drug Administration, which quickly said cellphones are safe.
“The current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health,” FDA radiation health chief Dr. Jeffrey Shuren said in a statement.
Bucher said typical cellphone use is “very, very, very much lower than what we studied.”
Rats and mice were bombarded for nine hours a day for up to two years with a radiation level so high that humans would only experience it briefly, such as when a phone with a weak signal expends more energy searching for a stronger one, Bucher said at a news conference.
“At best it might be a weak carcinogen. … if in fact it is a carcinogen,” he said.
Confusingly, the radiated rats somehow lived longer than comparison rats that were not exposed to cellphone radiation. Bucher said that could be just chance, or it could be that the radiation reduced inflammation in the rats, which in turn decreased the risk of a rat disease.
The toxicology program released preliminary results two years ago and finalized them Friday. The earlier report showed a hint of increased brain tumors in male rats, but the final results did not bear that out.
The new rat study found what it called “equivocal evidence” for increases in DNA damage, brain tumors and a few other cancers, but it was not clear that it was related to the cellphones.
“Evidence of DNA damage was seen in some tissues of some animals, but we don't feel we have evidence to comment on the biological significance,” Bucher said.
Still, it was surprising that the rodents did experience a variety of other effects, even if they were not at high enough levels to be considered significant and possibly linked, said Leeka Kheifets, an epidemiology professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, and a former head of radiation studies for the World Health Organization.
“There is some concern that there is so much activity going on,” she said, also speaking from a cellphone. But “it's not like the sky is falling, a huge effect. Definitely not.”
The findings failed to reassure longtime critics of cellphone radiation, such as David Carpenter, head of environmental health at the State University of New York in Albany. Carpenter said the studies were not large enough to uncover some rare problems and that the claim of “equivocal” findings about brain tumors “cannot be dismissed.”
“It's not anywhere near as dangerous as cigarettes, but is there a real hazard from excessive use? Yes,” Carpenter said from a landline.
In 2011, a working group of the International Agency for Research on Cancer said cellphones are possibly carcinogenic. But numerous studies over the years, before and after that listing, have found little evidence of a problem.
Among the largest studies, a 2010 analysis in 13 countries found little or no risk of brain tumors, with a possible link in the heaviest users that the study's authors found inconclusive. And a large Danish study that linked phone bills to a cancer registry found no risk even from more than 13 years of cellphone use, according to the latest update in 2007.
In December, the state of California put out a guide on how people could reduce exposure to radiofrequency from cellphones if they're worried, such as using earphones or texting instead.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Scientists are bringing precision medicine to rheumatoid arthritis for the first time by using genetic profiling of joint tissue to see which drugs will work for which patients, a new study shows.
Treatment for rheumatoid arthritis is now trial and error, but in the near future, it's possible that patients will no longer have to waste time and be disappointed with months of ineffective therapy, says co-senior author Harris Perlman, chief of rheumatology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine.
“We have so many different biologic drugs and there's no rhyme or reason to give one drug versus the other.”
“Now we can start to predict which drugs a patient will respond to. says co-senior author Harris Perlman, chief of rheumatology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. We can truly do precision medicine for rheumatoid arthritis. I believe this could be game changing.”
The findings appear in Arthritis & Rheumatology.
“We have so many different biologic drugs and there's no rhyme or reason to give one drug versus the other,” Perlman says. “We waste $2.5 billion a year in ineffective therapy. And patients go through 12 weeks of therapy, don't respond, and get upset.”
Scientists in the multisite study were the first in the US to use ultrasound-guided therapy to take a tissue biopsy in the affected joint. In the past, researchers used blood samples to try to determine the effectiveness of the therapy and disease progression.
“It's just like oncology, where you go to the tumor,” Perlman says. “Why go anywhere else? In rheumatoid arthritis, we've never gone to the target organ.”
Improved ultrasound guided techniques make the new technique possible, Perlman says, noting joint biopsies began in Europe about six years ago.
Scientists in the six-site study analyzed the tissue in 41 rheumatoid arthritis patients, separating out different immune cell populations. They focused on macrophages, essentially the garbage collectors of the immune system that are overactive in rheumatoid arthritis. These cells produce toxic, inflammatory proteins that destroy the joints. Biologic therapy removes the protein molecules being secreted by the macrophages.
In the past, scientists have tried to determine therapeutic effectiveness by separating patients into groups based on their clinical parameters such as what antibodies they are producing against themselves, how swollen their joints are, and which medications they are taking. Then scientists tried to see if these parameters could predict therapeutic efficacy. But that hasn't worked, Perlman says.
Instead, Perlman and colleagues segregated patients based on the genes being produced by their macrophages. They identified two patient groups who shared aspects of the genetic profiles.
Next, the scientists identified which of these patient populations had joints that were getting better and what biologic therapies they were taking. They also identified a gene sequence associated in patients with early disease. The earlier the patient is treated, the more effective the therapy.
The next goal is to predict which patients will have the best response—based on their genetic signature—to a specific drug.
In a new study, researchers are taking joint biopsy tissue from patients at the start of a new therapy and then six weeks later to see if they can find a predictor gene sequence that will clearly identify which patients respond to a particular therapy.
“The idea is to develop gene sequences to predict whether a patient will respond or not,” Perlman says. “Our goal is that this procedure will become the standard of care of for all patients with rheumatoid arthritis.”
Patients in the study were from Northwestern; the University of Alabama at Birmingham; Washington University; Columbia University; the Mayo Clinic; and University of Michigan.
The National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal Disease; the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute; the National Institute of Aging; and the National Cancer Institute; all of the National Institutes of Health and the Rheumatology Research Foundation funded the work.
Source: Northwestern University
Rainiers starter Chase de Jong recaps outing after 3-1 win over Albuquerque
High Jump Battle at Wolfpack Invite track meet
1:11
Political and economic instability is impacting on consumer confidence in Northern Ireland. The latest retail statistics show another slump in the number of shoppers spending money in the North last month.
The Northern Ireland Retail Consortium (NIRC) Springboard Footfall and Vacancies Monitor records the third consecutive month of decline in shopper numbers, which fell year on year by 3.7 per cent during March.
Overall in the five weeks up to April 1st there were sharp drops in both on-street and shopping centre footfall of -3.6 per cent and -3.9 per cent. This was in contrast to a jump in shopper numbers across the UK.
Separate survey
Although a separate survey last week by Ulster Bank showed that cross-border shopping continues to deliver a boost to some local retailers in certain locations, Aodhán Connolly, director of the NIRC, warned that the “detrimental effect” of the political impasse at Stormont on local consumers' confidence cannot be ignored.
Mr Connolly said another decline in shopper numbers was yet another unwelcome development for retailers in what had “been a tough year so far”.
Remain focused
He said businesses have no choice but to respond to challenges and remain focused, and that the retail industry, which employs more than 80,000 people directly in the North and many thousands more through the supply chain, wants to see the same focus from local politicians in finding a solution to current issues.
“We can be unequivocal in saying our industry believes that devolved government for Northern Ireland is worth having and has delivered results.
“We need it back up and running as soon as possible, not only for our industry and others, but for the Northern Ireland consumer who already has half of the discretionary spend of our Great Britain neighbours,” he said.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Esma warns of ‘potential loophole' in new share trading rules
He wants the whole world under his feet.
Manhattan travel addict Sal Lavallo is gearing up for the biggest journey of his life — a tour of 18 countries on five continents that would make him the youngest Amerian to visit all 195 nations on Earth.
“I want to bang out all the countries in one epic trip before my 27th birthday,” Lavallo said of his planned summer sojourn.
If all goes according to plan, Lavallo will unseat Lee Abbamonte, who was named the youngest globetrotter by Travelers Century Club at age 32.
He'll need nine visas and a fistful of maps.
“It's going to be a lot, but I have a good feeling I can get it done,” he said.
The native Indianan and NYU grad hopes to first zip to Cuba and then to the South Pacific for Fiji and Tuvalu. Next is Europe for Andorra, Sweden, Ireland and Denmark, followed by the Middle East, where he'll check off Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Yemen, Bhutan, Syria and Iran. He'll close out the tour in Africa, with stops in Libya, Algeria, South Sudan, Malta, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Iran will be tough, because of the recent travel ban.
“I'll need to go to Iran's Kish Island. Since it's a tourist destination, it's easier to visit,” Lavallo said.
Lavallo was even able to infiltrate the Hermit Kingdom for six days last year.
In North Korea, “all I wanted was an ice cream cone since everyone was eating one, but I could never have one,” he said. Americans are forbidden to use local currency there.
His wanderlust was ignited 12 years ago, at age 14, when his dad took him to Japan and China.
“Since then, I've been addicted to turning what I've learned about a place into firsthand experiences,” he said.
One of his most memorable encounters was meeting a monster in the Gambia.
“I turned around and saw this red creature sharpening huge machetes,” he recalled. “My friend told me it was ‘The Devil,' and I had to pay him money to make him go away.” Turns out it was a local tradition where a masked dancer collects money in celebration of a baby's circumcision.
see also How I traveled around the world with no money Lots of desk jockeys dream of ditching their ho-hum corporate...
Lavallo, who previously worked as a consultant for a management company in Abu Dhabi and now lives in Murray Hill, saves cash by staying with friends and incorporating work with travel.
“People always ask me, ‘How can you afford to do it?' I tell them the more people you know, the better.”
To earn the title of the youngest globetrotter, Lavallo will need to show passport stamps and plane tickets as proof to travel communities including Travel Century Club, MostTraveledPeople.com and BestTraveledPeople.com.
If all committees agree on the authenticity, he'll join a select club of about 100 people who've been all over the world.
“My goal is to not only inspire people to travel, but to see all the beauty in the world,” he said.
Natalie Akinola partied in Ibiza after stealing from her company
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
Mum stabs herself in chest as she trips over the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum who stole almost £100,000 from her company – and had her fingers in the till as she partied in Ibiza – has been jailed.
Natalie Akinola took so much money from ESS Birmingham that the Saltley-based electrical contractor went bust and six workers – including her brother – lost their jobs.
The 32-year-old accessed the company's system to take cash during her sunshune holiday and even stole wedding gift money meant to help pay staff wages.
Company owner Russell Blackburn was left with a £30,000 debt when the firm crashed, Birmingham Crown Court heard.
Akinola, of Owens Croft, Kings Norton , had previously admitted the theft of £97,168.
She was jailed for 18 months.
Passing sentence Judge Murray Creed said: “There is a really high degree of trust.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
“I believe it was sophisticated and planned over a sustained period.”
Akinola was responsible for the daily running of the ESS office as well as its accounts and payments to suppliers.
An investigator hired by Mr Blackburn last August to look into the firm's money troubles found cash was being funelled into an account linked to Akinola.
The firm was already the subject of a county court judgement for £3,700, while Mr Blackburn had taken out a £12,000 loan which did little to plug the black hole.
Akinola helped herself to the cash even as she attended the hen party of Mr Blackburn's wife, Lyn.
Gerry Bermingham, prosecuting, said Akinola's dishonesty ultimately led to the demise of ESS.
(Photo: Handout)
Akinola told police she stole the money to pay off someone else's gambling debt, as well as unsecured loan sharks.
The court heard she had a previous conviction in 2004 for stealing £350 from her then-employer Monsoon.
Sukhdev Garcha, defending, said: “There was no attempt to divert the funds into the accounts of others.
“There is remorse and she is the sole carer for her dependent children.”
Mr Garcha said Akinola got into a “vicious circle” and was spending money she did not have.
He said: “She is aware the consequences of her actions have a ripple effect on others.
“Not only Mr Blackburn but her brother, who was employed at the same company and has lost his job, and her children, who have been put at risk of losing their mother.”
After the hearing Mr Blackburn, aged 44 and from Maypole, welcomed the jail term.
He said: “I feel sad for her children but the sentence is deserved.
“It has been absolutely devastating for everyone involved.
“It was devastating to learn what she had done and she only owned up to it at the last minute.
“The way it was hidden was quite sophisticated.
“It took a trained accountant several weeks to uncover what she had done.”
Zimbabwe will rejoin the Commonwealth this year, and President Mnangagwa has formally informed the British government of this position, The Sunday Mail has gathered.
The President has also — on top of undertaking to dispatch technical teams to London to kickstart comprehensive talks — reminded Prime Minister Theresa May's administration of its colonial obligation to provide compensation to white farmers affected by Zimbabwe's Land Reform Programme.
Senior Government last week said President Mnangagwa expressed commitment to re-engagement when he met PM May's special envoy, Mrs Harriet Baldwin, in Harare last Friday.
That this was Mrs Baldwin's first overseas engagement as Britain's Minister for Africa speaks volumes about President Mnangagwa's drive to normalise Zimbabwe's relations with the entire international community.
Officials on Friday also said President Mnangagwa had expressed his readiness to meet PM May.
Mrs Baldwin was in Zimbabwe to explore restoration of diplomatic relations between the two governments.
Her predecessor, Mr Rory Stewart, met President Mnangagwa soon after his inauguration in Harare on November 24, 2017 to discuss the same subject.
An official told this paper, “President Mnangagwa articulated the land issue at length, affirming that while the programme was irreversible, Government was committed to bringing finality to the matter which sparked the fallout between the two countries spanning nearly two decades.
“Minister Baldwin listened attentively as President Mnangagwa explained the position on the land issue and she promised to deliver the message to her principals in London. The meeting went well and yes, the President declared Zimbabwe's intention to rejoin the Commonwealth.
“It was significant that the Head of State himself made such a commitment. Britain appreciates that this will go a long way in mending relations between the two countries.”
Another said, “It is our intention to join the Commonwealth, but this is something that is not going to take place immediately. It is definitely going to happen at the appropriate time.
“I think for now, (Britain) are arranging their Commonwealth Summit for April. We will not be joining before then, but in the very near future. We'll be able to set out plans of when we will start making efforts to rejoin.”
Minister Baldwin said of her visit: “I am pleased that my first overseas trip as minister has been to Zimbabwe. The historic events the country has experienced over the last few months have created an opportunity to strengthen UK-Zimbabwe relations as part of a wider process of international engagement.
“The upcoming elections are a major milestone for the people of Zimbabwe. When I met President Mnangagwa, I said my government welcomed his commitment to hold credible, peaceful, free and fair elections monitored by international observers.
“I have seen for myself that Zimbabwe is a country of enormous potential. With the right leadership, the right policy environment and a vibrant democracy and civil society, Zimbabwe can undergo the transformation it so richly deserves.”
Friday's meeting touched on how Britain could assist Zimbabwe clear arrears to the World Bank, IMF and African Development Bank.
The UK Foreign Office confirmed as much, saying, “Minister Baldwin met with Finance Minister (Patrick) Chinamasa and Reserve Bank Governor John Mangudya to discuss the Government's plans for clearing debt and normalising relations with the international financial institutions.
“Minister Baldwin welcomed the Government's recommitment to the Lima Plan and confirmed that the UK would continue to support the Government's reform agenda. Minister Baldwin also welcomed Government plans to attract more investment into agriculture through ensuring land tenure and compensation are tackled.
“Minister Baldwin met with Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa and Foreign Minister Sibusiso Moyo to discuss the Zimbabwean Government's vision for domestic transformation and international engagement through comprehensive political and economic reforms.
“As a central plank of this, they discussed the importance of the elections later this year being peaceful, credible, free and fair. Minister Baldwin welcomed the President's commitment to invite international observers from the EU and UN as well as Sadc and AU.”
Zimbabwe withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2003 at the height of diplomatic tensions between Harare and London over land reforms.
Then British PM Tony Blair refused to provide compensation for land acquired from white commercial farmers for redistribution to indigenes as agreed at the 1979 Lancaster House Conference, which formalised Zimbabwe's Independence from British colonial rule. Sunday Mail
Valtteri Bottas might be close to being "the perfect driver".
That is the view of the Finn's Mercedes predecessor, Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg suddenly quit at the end of last season, plunging Mercedes into a desperate search to replace him.
The German admits his decision might have hurt Mercedes.
"I wouldn't exactly say that," he told Auto Bild, "but of course my departure was difficult for them, especially with the new regulations."
Indeed, Mercedes started 2017 on the back foot, but Rosberg noted: "It's nothing against Ferrari, but they were able to start with their new car much earlier.
"So that was their advantage. But Mercedes is still very, very strong — when you look at the car, the level of detail is just amazing."
Rosberg also said he has been impressed with Mercedes' choice to replace him — the former Williams driver and Toto Wolff protege, Bottas.
"I'm really impressed," he said. "He might be the perfect driver mentally because he is able to just concentrate on himself, making him consistent and fast."
Indeed, while the media is focused on the Lewis Hamilton versus Sebastian Vettel dichotomy, Bottas has been plugging away and is only a race win away from that title battle.
As for the high-profile Hamilton vs Vettel battle, Bottas smiled: "That is perfectly ok for me! I have no desire to be the centre of attention.
"It means I can just concentrate on my job."
Los Padres National Forest officials announced Wednesday that the White Fire closure on the Santa Barbara Ranger District has been lifted effective Thursday morning.
Paradise Road (Forest Road 5N18) had been closed at the First River Day Use Area while crews removed debris on the road leading to popular recreation sites such as Upper Oso and Red Rock campgrounds.
Santa Barbara District Ranger Pancho Smith advised visitors to exercise caution when driving along Paradise Road or hiking in areas scorched by the White Fire.
“The vegetation along the Aliso trail is completely gone,” Smith said. “While the trail itself is primarily intact, there are spots where hikers need to be extra careful due loose rocks and gravel. I would encourage folks to avoid the burned areas in favor of the campgrounds and day-use areas that weren't affected by the fire.”
Visitors are reminded that current fire restrictions prohibit campfires outside established Campfire Use Sites, and recreational target shooting is allowed only under special use permit.
The entire Lower Santa Ynez Recreation Area is managed under permit by Rocky Mountain Inc., and an Adventure Pass (day or annual) is required. There are numerous day use areas with picnic tables, restrooms, BBQs and access to the river.
Camping in the Upper Santa Ynez Recreation Area is limited to established campgrounds through the reservation system by clicking here.
Visitors are strongly encouraged to plan ahead, come prepared, and contact the Los Prietos Ranger Station for the latest conditions by calling 805.967.3481.
— Andrew Madsen represents Los Padres National Forest.
Sushant Singh Rajput is definitely controversy's favourite child. He is often in the headlines owing to his arrogant behaviour with the media. Not just that, his rumoured affairs with co-actors have also earned him the tag of a 'player'.
In his latest interview with Mumbai Mirror, when Sushant was asked to comment why he is often tagged as an arrogant actor, here's what the actor said:
Not My Problem: SSR Commenting on his rude behaviour, he said, "People are constantly finding ways to explain how I've continued to survive in the industry. That's their problem, not mine." I Have No Plans Of Living A Rat Life "I'm not trying to prove a point, I'm not in the race to be No. 1 because I have no plans of living a rat's life. I'm not obsessed with the future and at the same time I'm neither hiding something nor trying to earn a particular reputation," said Sushant. Sushant On His Affair With Kriti "Sometimes, there is a series of stories about me which are untrue and I feel misunderstood. That's not a great feeling." The Stories Do Affect Me: SSR "As an actor I can condition myself to ignore the rumours, but I hold on to the vulnerability and the emotions these rumours evoke because it makes me a better actor. The stories often affect me but they never change my friendship with any co-star," said Sushant. Sushant On Raabta Debacle "We view life as a cause-and-effect-theory. If a film doesn't work we try to find reasons and add to our disillusionment. I've read every book on what's necessary to write a great script and make a hit film." SSR Is Indeed A Positive Thinker "They clearly haven't helped. So now, I've conditioned myself in a way that no matter what happens on Friday, I'll be okay on Monday. I can't screw up six months of work on my next by thinking of my last film," said the Kai Po Che actor. SSR On His First GF "My first girlfriend dumped me because I was too boring. I've tried to be more interesting ever since," said Sushant. SSR On Working With Sara On the work front, Sushant will be next seen in Kedarnath, opposite Amrita Singh's daughter, Sara Ali Khan. In the same interview, when SSR was asked if Amrita is interfering too much with her daughter's Bollywood debut, Sushant said, "Untrue, the script hasn't changed a bit from the one I was given and said ‘yes' to the first time."
He further added, "I'm honest and 100 per cent professional. So, there's absolutely no interference from any parent or friend. Everyone involved is trying to do their best."
Robert Mugabe is reportedly pleading poverty, claiming that he had to declare all his assets outside the country, reports the Times.
This comes after the former Zimbabwe president was summoned to return funds that were sent out of the country illegally.
Current Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa announced an amnesty in November last year.
Mugabe reportedly claimed that following this call, he is left with only two properties, one in South Africa and one in Hong Kong.
Mugabe and his wife told reporters at their Harare mansion that they adhered to the amnesty, according to Times.
The former president claimed to have no money outside of the country, saying that he is an honest person.
However, according to Mnangagwa, only R3 billion was returned to Zimbabwe during the amnesty which is a far call compared to the R15.6 billion that was allegedly sent out of the country during Mugabe's presidency, reported Times Live.
Meanwhile, individuals are wondering how Mugabe's family could afford lavish clothing and luxury motor vehicles.
The 93 year old former president also claimed that he owns only one farm which he bought with his own money.
Mnangagwa said on Friday that Zimbabwe “has moved on” after Mugabe's exit. In a statement, the president said he "noted recent remarks made to the media" by Mugabe who spoke to foreign journalists at a location in Harare on Thursday.
It was Mugabe's first public statement since his resignation last year. "I say it was a coup d'etat -- some people have refused to call it a coup d'etat," Mugabe told South Africa's SABC broadcaster, referring to the brief army takeover which led to Mnangagwa assuming power after Mugabe's resignation."We must undo this disgrace which we have imposed on ourselves, we don't deserve it... Zimbabwe doesn't deserve it."
Mnangagwa responded on his official Twitter account, saying: Mugabe "is entitled to express himself freely, as is the case for any private citizen"."The nation has moved on. Our focus at this time shall remain on preparing for free, fair and credible elections in 2018."
Brighton returned to the top of the English Championship after coming from behind to beat Fulham, while Newcastle suffered a shock defeat at Blackburn.
Brighton's unbeaten run, which now stands at 18 matches, looked to be ending when Lucas Piazon gave Fulham the lead 10 minutes into the second half, with Brighton goalkeeper David Stockdale having earlier denied his former club by saving a first-half penalty from Stefan Johansen.
But Brighton hit back with two goals in two minutes as Tomer Hemed levelled from the penalty spot before Lewis Dunk headed the 75th-minute winner.
Charlie Mulgrew was again the scourge of Newcastle as his goal gave struggling Blackburn a superb 1-0 win at Ewood Park.
His precise free-kick in the 74th minute was his second goal of the season, with his first coming in the 1-0 win at St James' Park, and a number of stunning saves from Jason Steele denied Newcastle, who also had two goals disallowed and struck the woodwork.
Six points
Reading remains third but are now six points behind Newcastle after they came from behind to win 3-2 at Bristol City.
Tammy Abraham's brace, the second coming from the penalty spot, put City in control but Liam Kelly gave Reading a lifeline before Yann Kermorgant struck twice late on to complete the comeback.
Huddersfield claimed their fifth win in six matches thanks to an 80th-minute strike from Nahki Wells and Leeds beat Rotherham 3-0 at Elland Road.
Rotherham had the best of the first half but Kyle Bartley's far-post header from a Pablo Hernández cross early in the second half broke the deadlock and Chris Wood's doubled sealed the win.
Nelson Oliveira's hat-trick guided Norwich to an emphatic 3-0 win over Derby that eased the pressure on manager Alex Neil.
Norwich had taken just seven points from their previous 11 games but Oliveira completed the perfect treble with a goal each with his left foot, right foot and head.
GREEN RIVER — George Maestas, 68 of Green River entered no contest pleas to three charges this morning.
Maestas is charged with two counts of aggravated homicide by vehicle and one count of driving under the influence of a controlled substance causing serious bodily injury.
The charges stem from the deaths of one-year-old Green River resident, Stella Doak, and 62-year-old resident, Debra DeVries.
Maestas's vehicle drove into their Green River home on March 10, 2017.
Maestas will be sentenced on October 12th at 9 am.
He could face up to 50 years in prison. Maestas entered a cold plea, a term for when no sentencing agreement has been reached between the prosecutor and defense.
Insurance firm Axa is entering the farm insurance market with a range of new products targeted at farmers and their families.
The insurer said the offerings will be available through branches, farm advisors, brokers and online.
The new products will cover all standard farm insurance categories together with a range of items and services not typically available including insurance for additional business activities, such as guest houses.
Axa's Antoinette McDonald said the company had been preparing for a move into the farm sector for over a year. “The farm insurance market has been dominated by a small number of companies for too long,” she said.
“We have opened a specialist farm centre in Athlone, with a dedicated agri-specialist telephony service. We will also assist customers through our nation-wide brokerage system, through our online service, and in our branch network.”
No claims discount of up to 30 per cent of the cost of the premium will be available for new customers.
Initial products will include property cover; livestock cover; cover for crops, milk and forestry; cover for agriculture vehicles; income protection and loss of income cover; as well as employers and public liability cover.
There are different offerings available depending on whether the farm is less than or more than 80 acres.
Jeremiah at Family Dollar in Bedford - August 12, 2017Jeremiah at Family Dollar in Bedford - August 12, 2017
Q104 at Flat Out Fridays - August 11, 2017Q104 at Flat Out Fridays - August 11, 2017
Jeff Visits OBX & Colorado Springs
CBS Radio Free Lunch at Perk Plaza - August 10, 2017
Sights From Lollapalooza 2017 - at Grant Park in ChicagoLollapalooza 2017 pictures
Goo Goo Dolls & Phillip Phillips @ Jacobs Pavilion
Bollywood actor Alia Bhatt fell on the sets of Brahmastra and hurt her right arm and shoulder, Tuesday morning. Alia is in Bulgaria where she is shooting for Ayan Mukerji's film opposite Ranbir Kapoor. She has reportedly been advised bed rest and may not be able to work for 15 days.
The team was shooting for a scene when Alia fell and hurt herself. She has injured her right shoulder and arm. There's a clot on her arm, so she has been advised bed rest. She is in a lot of pain. Her right arm is bandaged and held up in a sling, so she can't exert it or her shoulder for the next 15 days.
Also Read: Actress Dances With An ‘alien' went viral on social media: Video
The Santa Barbara City College Center for Lifelong Learning is pleased to announce Judy Taggart as its new associate director. She will report to Director Andy Harper.
Taggart has worked in health and education promotion for the past 15 years, most recently serving as community health director for the Lompoc Valley Community Healthcare Organization. She has worked with a diverse range of businesses and nonprofits, from retirement communities to athletes, to help them adopt policies and programs that support education and healthy lifestyles.
She is an exercise physiologist, certified health education specialist and grant writer.
Taggart is a 2011 Santa Barbara Foundation Katherine Harvey Fellow and a 2012 graduate of the Lompoc Police Citizen Academy. She was honored with a California Fit Business Award for her design of a worksite health promotion program.
Taggart is active in community organizations that promote health, education and community leadership, serving as a public safety commissioner for the City of Lompoc and board member for the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department-Health Care Centers.
She previously served on committees with Partners for Fit Youth and HEAL Santa Barbara County. Taggart previously served on the board of the Lompoc Chamber of Commerce Leadership Lompoc Valley program and the Lompoc Boys & Girls Club.
Fall term registration opens Aug. 19 with classes beginning Sept. 9. Some summer classes and workshops are still open for enrollment.
— Danielle Deltorchio is a publicist representing the SBCC Center for Lifelong Learning.
Dallas Mavericks forward Dirk Nowitzki (41) watches as the Mavs trail the Boston Celtics during the fourth quarter at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Monday, February 13, 2017. The Mavericks lost 111-98. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
In the fourth quarter on Monday, when the Mavericks were drilled by Boston, they looked like a tired team. They were a step slow, and jump shots consistently clanged off the front rim or back iron. They'd expended energy in the third quarter to make it a one-point game, then had nothing left to finish.
Usually, "eternal" is a word used to describe the entire NBA season, not the All-Star intermission. But it'll seem like forever by the end of it. The Mavericks will have eight days off between games. First, however, there's the little detail of Wednesday night's visit to the Detroit Pistons.
Nowitzki knows what a difference a win against the Pistons would mean. Going into the break 23-33 is a huge difference from going in 22-34. It's basically a two-game swing on what they would have to make up after the break as they chase Denver for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference.
"We got to find it," Nowitzki said of the team's energy level. "It's one more game and then we have an eternal break that we usually don't have. The legs might be heavy. We have a recovery day [Tuesday] and then let it all hang out in Detroit."
Going 2-2 on their last home stand before All-Star weekend did nothing to help their standing, which was three games behind the Nuggets as of Tuesday and a game behind Portland and Sacramento. Denver got an unexpected home win Monday against the best team in the league, Golden State.
For the Mavericks, being in 11th place doesn't even get you Miss Congeniality in the West.
"It's going to be tough," Nowitzki said. "Starting the season in a huge hole like that in a tough Western Conference, you got to try to battle back. The way to do it is to put a little run together. Hopefully after the break we'll get some momentum and get some guys back and stay healthy and make a run at this thing."
Which is still the plan, but the results have not been overly encouraging to this point. Nowitzki has begun to defy his age again, playing like he's trying to be the Mavericks' best player again. Harrison Barnes has been steady and nobody outworks Wesley Matthews.
Yogi Ferrell has been a huge surprise, and Deron Williams is getting healthy. Andrew Bogut likely will return to action Wednesday against the brutish Pistons, which should help.
After the break, they hope to get J.J. Barea back on the court.
This all sounds good. But the problem is that the Mavericks have let more than half of the soft February schedule slip by and they have only a 4-3 record to show for it.
"I've said it all year that if we were healthy, we'd be sitting there on the eighth spot, but we're not," Nowitzki said. "We got to battle back and fight. We're going to need some tough road wins after the break to make a run at this thing."
Twitter: @ESefko
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Diane Abbott has hit out at "misogynistic" comments about her by Cabinet minister David Davis and the racist and sexual abuse she receives online.
The shadow home secretary warned that the "politics of personal destruction" could put women off seeking a role in public life.
She warned that sexism towards female MPs is still commonplace after Brexit Secretary Mr Davis appeared to say he would not try to kiss the Labour politician because he is "not blind".
Writing in The Guardian, Ms Abbott, who became the first black female MP in 1987, said: "Suppose that someone had told me back then that 30 years on I would be receiving stuff like this: 'Pathetic useless fat black piece of shit Abbott. Just a piece of pig shit pond slime who should be f***ing hung (if they could find a tree big enough to take the fat bitch's weight)'.
"I think that even the young, fearless Diane Abbott might have paused for thought.
"And this is not an isolated example. I receive racist and sexist abuse online on a daily basis. I have had rape threats, death threats, and am referred to routinely as a bitch and/or nigger, and am sent horrible images on Twitter. The death threats include an EDL-affiliated account with the tag 'burn Diane Abbott'."
She said the Article 50 Bill for Brexit in Parliament - when she was absent for the vote on second reading but backed the Government legislation at its final Commons hurdle - was a "perfect storm", including "a crescendo of blatantly racist and sexist abuse online".
"Just when I thought the worst was over, there was horrible coverage in a Sunday tabloid of a misogynist text exchange about me sent by a Cabinet minister."
Mr Davis reportedly clashed with Ms Abbott in a Commons bar following the vote on his Article 50 Bill, when she told him to "f*** off" after he seemed to lean in to try to embrace her.
The Mail on Sunday reported that after the incident a friend texted Mr Davis, saying: "Cannot believe you made an attempt to give DA (Diane Abbott) a hug!"
The Cabinet minister replied: "Didn't, but the myth grows. I whispered in her ear 'Thanks for your vote' hence the 'F off'. I am not blind."
Ms Abbott said her decision to write about her experiences was not about how she was treated as an individual but a culture which could deter women from entering politics.
"Once, the pushback was against the actual arguments for equality and social justice. Now the pushback is the politics of personal destruction.
"This is doubly effective for opponents of social progress. Not only does it tend to marginalise the female 'offender', but other women look at how those of us in the public space are treated and think twice about speaking up publicly, let alone getting involved in political activity."
She said it is important to address the issue following the rise in racist incidents since the Brexit vote and the election of Donald Trump in the US.
She said: "If online commentary and the rise in racist incidents are anything to go by, there is a danger that Brexit could give some people permission to express sentiments that are anything but progressive and internationalist. And as the world adjusts to a Trump presidency there is also a danger that his misogyny and virulent anti-immigrant narrative will become normalised."
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA- WIFE of the Senate President, Mrs. Toyin Ojora Saraki, has been named the special adviser to the Independent Advisory Group (IAG) of the World Health Organization's (WHO) Regional Office for Africa (AFRO).
According to WHO, the appointment was made earlier this month by WHO's Regional Director for Africa, Dr. Matshidiso Moeti, “in a move intended to bring Mrs. Saraki's considerable frontline experience to bear on WHO's strategy and policy.”
A statement Monday from the Media Office of the Wife of Senate President Bukola said that Mrs. Saraki has since accepted the appointment based on the Advisory Group's focus on women and children's health and in view of her role as a global champion for Universal Healthcare Coverage (UHC).
She said: “I welcome the Advisory Group meeting's focus on the health of women, children and adolescents as flagship indicators for Universal Healthcare Coverage (UHC) progress.
“As a global champion for UHC, I advocate for a fuller understanding of its benefits, which go beyond health outcomes and include improved gender equality, higher levels of preparedness for epidemic outbreaks and transformative economic effects.
“As Global Goodwill Ambassador for the International Confederation of Midwives, I particularly welcome the introduction of WHO AFROs focused curriculum for the professional qualification education of Midwives and Nurses in Africa.
“I am looking forward to hitting the ground running in my new role as special advisor at the Independent Advisory Group meeting this week in Johannesburg.
“The experience I have gained as Founder-President of the Wellbeing Foundation Africa, working closely with our midwives on the frontline, as part of the global Every Woman Every Child Strategy to end all preventable maternal, newborn and child deaths, including stillbirths, by 2030, will inform my advice to the WHO.
“Last year, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, became the first African Director-General of the WHO, while his commitment to Universal Health Coverage represents bold leadership. I look forward to working closely with him, Dr. Moeti and all partners to make affordable and accessible healthcare a reality across Africa.”
Mrs. Saraki's first engagement in the new role will take place this week at the 3rd meeting of the Independent Advisory Group (IAG) in Johannesburg, South Africa.
The meeting will focus on repositioning the work of the WHO in Africa in the context of the WHO's 13th General Programme of Work (GPW13) and the global WHO Transformation Plan.
One-time Chairman of the Committee on Public Enterprises (CoPE) Dew Gunasekera yesterday declined to comment on state banks, Bank of Ceylon, the People's Bank and the National Savings Bank receiving instructions twice in 2016 to make bids at the treasury bond auctions at lower interest (yield) rates as that particular matter hadn't been investigated by his committee.
General Secretary of the Communist Party Gunasekera said so when The Island asked him how his committee had failed to unravel state banks receiving instructions inimical to them from the then Finance Minister Ravi Karunanayake. “My committee probed the first controversial issuance of treasury bonds in late Feb. 2015 just eight weeks after the change of government.”
The second COPE probe dealt with both transactions, Gunasekera said, adding that specific instances of political interference and officials' complicity at various levels had to be established. Gunasekera said that he was really perturbed by state banks assertion how they were misled by the very minister in charge of them. The complicity of politicians and public and private sector officials in alleged bond scams was frightening, he said.The former minister pointed out that the revelations had been made at the Presidential Commission of Inquiry (P-CoI) on Wednesday pertaining to the second alleged bond scam involving the CBSL and influential Primary Dealer (PD) Perpetual Treasuries Limited (PTL).
The veteran politician recalled how Karunanayake, in spite of being appointed finance minister in President Maithripala Sirisena's 100-day administration remained a CoPE member. People had forgotten that in the wake of January 2015 presidential election defeat, the government, too, changed to pave the way for first bond scam.
Gunasekera said the then Speaker Chamal Rajapaksa had told him to select a special team comprising CoPE members to probe the scandalous transaction. According to CP veteran, Karunanayake hadn't been included in the first ever CoPE team appointed outside usual procedure. Gunasekera explained that until then all CoPE investigations had been based on Auditor General's findings in respect of public enterprises. There had never been an instance where the CoPE had been asked to inquire into a transaction before the Auditor General scrutinized it, Gunasekera said.
In the light of the then Finance Minister giving adverse instructions to state banks as transpired at P-CoI, Gunasekera emphasized the urgent need to review safeguards in place to prevent recurrence. Gunasekera pointed out that the second far bigger and damaging issuance of treasury bonds had taken place over a year after the first alleged scam.
Responding to another query, Gunasekera said that the Monetary Board had suspended the PD under a cloud in early July 2017 for a period of six months. Since then there had been significant developments at the P-CoI and Monetary Board would certainly have to take them into consideration before deciding on renewal, Gunasekera said.
Former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank Dr. W. A. Wijewardena yesterday told The Island that both politicians and officials alike had acted in contravention of rules and regulations governing banking operations. Dr. Wijewardena said that obviously all concerned had carried out the ‘business' with impunity and weren't bothered at all about serious violations.
Dr. Wijewardena said against the backdrop of the top management of state banks assertion that they had received wrong advice pertaining to March 2016 transaction, it would be pertinent to establish who had actually authorized the Chief Dealer at the Bank of Ceylon (BC) to bid Rs 13 bn on behalf of PTL.
The expert who had advised a three-member team of lawyers appointed by Premier Wickremesinghe to probe the first alleged scam and Dew Gunasekera's committee said that as the Chief Dealer lacked authority to commit such a huge amount of funds he would have had to certainly clear that transaction with BC superiors .
Dr. Wijewardena said there hadn't been a thorough examination into serious violations of internal controls and safeguards in state banks though the top management recently admitted them being deceived by the minister in charge of the subject.
If not for the P-CoI, the issuance of controversial ministerial instructions wouldn't have come out, Dr. Wijewardena said, urging review of safeguards.
When Chairmen of state banks realized that they had been wrongly advised what did they do? Dr. Wijewardena asked.
Dew Gunasekera said there hadn't been any indication that they had taken up that matter until P-CoI launched fact finding probe.
Current Chairman of CoPE responsible for the second parliamentary inquiry, JVP MP Sunil Handunetti couldn't be contacted as he was overseas.
(Source: The Island – by Shamindra Ferdinando)
If July 20 target holds, it will have been 547 days since you could last drive the coast to Big Sur
Highway 1 up the Big Sur Coast will reopen from Cambria to Carmel by Friday, July 20, Caltrans confirmed on Tuesday.
Colin Jones, chief spokesman for the district's Caltrans office, said a public ribbon cutting will be held at 11 a.m. on July 20 at the Ragged Point Inn to celebrate the complete of roadwork at the Mud Creek Slide, which has been closed for more than a year.
Caltrans recently had been projecting the road would reopen at the end of July, but the date has been widely rumored to be earlier than that.
“We're very pleased to share this long-awaited news with everyone who travels along this international destination and the many businesses that benefit from the coast highway,” said Caltrans Director Laurie Berman. “Mud Creek is the last closure point so travelers will be able to take Highway 1 all the way through Big Sur for the first time in 18 months."
Mel McColloch, president of the Cambria Chamber of Commerce, is among those who said for months that the road would reopen earlier than expected.
He notified his members by email on Tuesday, July 3, that “the ribbon cutting for opening the highway will take place on the 20th of July. The highway should be open by that date.” However, he did say he'd send a final update “as soon as I get a date for the highway to open.”
McColloch has visited the Mud Creek site frequently and reported his observations at least monthly to his members.
Jones said that, when it does happen, the ribbon cutting could be at the site or at the Ragged Point Inn, where there's more parking.
Once Caltrans reopens the road at Mud Creek, some work will continue on various areas of the 100-mile stretch of the internationally famous scenic All-American Road, but travelers will be able to get through.
If July 20 holds as the reopening date, it will have been a long 547 days that Big Sur's Highway 1 has been closed in one area or another.
The closure has been tough on affected businesses, tourism at Hearst Castle, and area residents.
Some entrepreneurs whose business survival is dependent on the tourist trade have been teetering on the edge of having to close up shop.
Kathe Tanner is a reported with the San Luis Obispo Tribune. Contact her at [email protected]
It's been twenty-four years since R. Kelly, who was 27 at the time, married a then 15-year-old Aaliyah.
Their illegal six-month marriage was annulled in 1995, but a troubled R. Kelly didn't stop there, as he's been sued by countless women in the last two decades. The charges? Emotional distress, impregnating an underage girl then forcing her to have an abortion, and more. Kelly was charged with 21 counts of child pornography in 2002 when Chicago police accused him of videotaping minors after enticing them to engage in sexual acts. After that, he was charged with 12 more counts of child pornography in Florida and just last year, Buzzfeed broke a story about Kelly luring very young women into a sex cult and allegedly holding them against their will.
And now, after ignoring all these signs for so long, it seems the world is finally starting to open its eyes. Sort of. But what if Kelly was giving people clues in his music all along? The most obvious example is “Age Ain't Nothing But A Number,” which he wrote and produced for his 15-year-old bride Aaliyah back in 1994.
Kelly penned the famous lyrics, sung by teenage Aaliyah “Age ain't nothing but a number, throwing down ain't nothing but a thang,” later adding, “Take my hand and come with me, let me show you to ecstasy.”
Hit the flip for more lyrics that make us go “Hm, who is Kelly talking to and what exactly was he talking about?” And let us know if we missed any.
1 2 3 4 5 6Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
International investorsâ€™ enthusiasm for Egyptâ€™s latest Eurobond issuance is a positive indication of the health of Egyptâ€™s economy and signals confidence in the countryâ€™s prospects, economists said.
However, economists warned that Egyptâ€™s monetary policymakersâ€™ strategy to borrow to either prop up foreign currency reserves at the central bank or to repay immediate debts contains inherent risks.
â€œThe national borrowing craze is dangerous because it increases pressures on the general budget and deprives basic sectors of the economy of important investments for years,â€‌ said Alia el-Mahdi, an economics professor at Cairo University. â€œInstead of investing in the local economy, the monetary authorities will have to channel available funds for debt services.â€‌
Cairo confirmed that it raised 2 billion euros ($2.5 billion) in a dual-tranche, euro-denominated bond sale. The bonds were issued with maturities of 8 and 12 years at interest rates of 4.75% and 5.625%, respectively.
International investorsâ€™ interest created an oversubscription of 7.5 billion euros ($9.3 billion) in orders, reflecting confidence in the ability of Cairo to repay debts and the promising prospects of the economy.
The investor interest can be traced to November 2016 when the Egyptian Ministry of Finance initiated reforms that included the flotation of the Egyptian pound, the slashing of fuel, water and electricity subsidies and the introduction of major tax and customs changes.
Although the reforms took a huge toll on commodity prices in the local market, which caused suffering for millions of Egyptians, officials said they were paying off and responsible for the latest positive indicators.
The unemployment rate in Egypt is less than 12% for the first time since 2011. In the first half of the 2017-18 fiscal year, the economic growth rate was 5.2%, compared to 3.7% in the corresponding half of the previous fiscal year.
A drop in the exchange rate of the Egyptian pound, a direct result of the 2016 currency flotation, has given Egyptian goods a strong edge in international markets, leading to a marked increase in exports. Imports are on the decline, a development, which, together with the rise in exports and improvements in the tourism sector, has seen a major improvement in foreign currency reserves at the Central Bank of Egypt.
The reserves totalled $42.6 billion at the end of March, the highest in two decades. The Finance Ministry said it would use money raised in the Eurobond sale to support foreign currency reserves.
Ismail Hassan, a former governor of the Central Bank of Egypt, confirmed that an increase in Egyptâ€™s foreign currency reserve has boosted the countryâ€™s financial standing and economic rating and increased investor confidence.
â€œThe flow of investments into the national treasury boosts our ability to honour our financial commitments,â€‌ Hassan said. â€œEgypt had never failed in honouring any of these commitments in the past.â€‌
All these positives, however, come with a corresponding rise in foreign debts. Egyptâ€™s debts reached $80.8 billion by the end of the first quarter of the 2017-18 fiscal year. Egypt used to specify one-third of its budget for debt services, an issue raised by Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi every time he talks about the countryâ€™s budget and spending.
The bad news is that Egypt will have to specify potentially almost half of spending in future budgets for debt relief.
â€œWhen this happens, we will fail to specify the required amounts of investments to important sectors, such as the health and education sectors,â€‌ Mahdi said.
The $2.5 billion raised in the Eurobond issuance raise the amount of money Egypt received from bond sales in international markets in less than two months to more than $6 billion. Egypt raised $4 billion by selling dollar-denominated bonds in February.
Financial authorities hope that a gradual decline in interest rates will stimulate investments and production, which would reflect Egyptâ€™s overall financial and economic conditions. The Central Bank of Egypt cut interest rates 100 basis points in March, the second reduction in two months.
Fakhri al-Fiqqi, a former adviser to the International Monetary Fund, said, instead of over-borrowing, Egyptâ€™s economic planners should focus on investments. One of the things Egypt should do, he said, is to invest loans and borrowed funds in production projects that add value to the economy and improve economic conditions.
â€œWe should not be borrowing in the first place,â€‌ Fiqqi said. â€œInstead of borrowing, we should focus on the attraction of investments that add value to the economy.â€‌
Amr Emam is a Cairo-based journalist. He has contributed to the New York Times, San Francisco Chronicle and the UN news site IRIN.
This article was originally published in The Arab Weekly.
Elgin city manager: 'Tougher decisions' ahead on budget
hello
Elgin city staff members began presenting their case at a special council meeting Saturday for why either revenues will have to increase or services will have to be cut next year.
City Manager Rick Kozal said the city will be facing "a crossroads," and the council will have to decide to continue to invest in the city and the services it provides or "retreat and offer less," he said.
"We are going to have tougher decisions moving forward," he said.
City staff members have worked diligently to keep expenses in check while the cost of goods and salaries keep rising, Kozal said. "There is no department in the city that isn't looking for ways to do more," he said.
The city used $3.5 million in reserves to balance its $118 million general fund this year, part of the overall $298 million budget. Elgin Chief Financial Officer Debra Nawrocki said, "We can't do that year after year and that's what we are starting to address now."
The council in 2015 set a policy of gradually spending down reserves to no less than 30 percent of operational expenses. At the end of this year the general fund was projected to have $37.9 million in reserves, or about 32 percent of expenses.
It's important to have cash on hand, Nawrocki said, because revenues don't come in regularly and salaries -- the city's largest expense -- need to be paid.
"At the end of May our expenditures exceeded revenues by over $12 million," she said. "That's where we need to have those reserve funds to cover that time period, before those taxes come in."
Elgin has kept its general fund property tax levy flat since tax year 2015, increasing its levies only for pension and debt payments. This year, city officials minimized that increase by using $1.2 million from its debt service and Illinois Municipal Retirement System funds.
Councilman Rich Dunne asked what the city's property tax levy will be next year.
"We really need to have the entire picture before coming back to the levy. Again, not wanting to levy $1 more in taxes than we need," Nawrocki replied.
Nawrocki also said it's too early to say whether the city's financials might be over or under budget this year. She did say a projected increase in health insurance costs came in $1 million under budget, but July's storms were an unexpected $500,000 expense.
Police and fire pension fund investment returns are about 9 percent and 10 percent, respectively, as of July, above the projected 7 percent, she said. Both pension funds are about 43 percent funded and have enough money to cover pension benefits for the next 12 years. State law requires 90 percent funding by 2040.
Saturday's meeting was held in the lobby of the Hemmens Cultural Center, which Kozal and council members said is a more relaxed environment for special meetings where no decisions are made.
Five residents attended the meeting, including a woman who told the council she was unhappy she couldn't hear the discussion very well and couldn't see the screen presentation because audience tables were to the side.
Kozal said he'd remedy that for special budget meetings Sept. 16 and Oct. 7.
Abeokuta – No fewer than four persons died on Wednesday in a boat accident at Akere in Ipokia Local Government Area of Ogun.
Several others were said to be missing after the incident which was said to have occurred at about 11.am on the waterways.
The incident happened when the boat conveying passengers and goods broke down midway into the journey.
Eye witnesses, who attributed the boat accident to overloading, also said that the passengers failed to put on standard life jackets.
“The boat was conveying the passengers, including secondary school students, several bags of garri and nine motorcycles,” one of the eye witnesses said.
The Chairman of Ipokia Local Government Area, Senayon Josu, who confirmed the incident, said four persons died in the mishap while 10 survived.
He said a rescue team comprising marine policemen, operatives of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps and local divers were helping in the rescue operation.
Josu explained that the survivors were taken to the General Hospital in Ipokia for medical treatment.
Josh who commiserated with the families of the victims, gave an assurance that efforts were being intensified to rescue the remaining victims.
The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Abimbola Oyeyemi, who also confirmed the accident, however, said “three passengers have been confirmed dead while five persons were rescued alive.''
According to him, no fewer than 20 persons boarded the ill-fated boat.
He gave an assurance that the rescue operation would continue until the last person was found.(NAN)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Cotterill has decided to retain the services of coach Paul Williams.
The former Derby and Coventry defender Williams was due to depart Blues once Lee Carsley's stint as caretaker came to an end.
However, the new manager was opted to add Williams to his coaching staff at least until the end of the season.
Carsley is now assistant manager, Paul Groves is first team coach, Williams assistant first team coach while Kevin Hitchcock continues to work with the goalkeepers
“Paul's a great lad, a very good coach and I'm delighted that he will be staying with us,” Cotterill told bcfc.com.
Blues have been undergoing morning and afternoon training, akin to a mini pre-season.
Cotterill done tactical and shape work with the players as well as running and strength and conditioning sessions.
Apple likes to pride itself on being a privacy-focused company, but security researchers found it granted Uber what's known as an “entitlement” that allowed the ride-hailing firm's iOS app to record a user's iPhone screen, even if it was only running in the background.
Apple had given Uber the code to help improve its app's performance on the original Apple Watch. It helped “render Uber maps on iPhone and send to Apple Watch before Watch apps could handle it,” according to Uber.
The entitlement could have allowed Uber, or someone hacking the company's network, to monitor an iPhone screen and steal personal information, potentially letting them harvest users' passwords.
Security researcher Will Strafach said this is the only entitlement Apple has granted that can enable an app to record what's happening on a display. “It looks like no other third-party developer has been able to get Apple to grant them a private sensitive entitlement of this nature,” Strafach said. “Considering Uber's past privacy issues I am very curious how they convinced Apple to allow this.”
Uber says updates to the Apple Watch and its app mean the entitlement is non-functional and there's no existing feature still using it. The firm added that it is working with Apple to remove the API completely.
API was used to render Uber maps on iphone & send to Apple Watch before Watch apps could handle it. It's not in use & being removed. Thx! — Melanie Ensign (@iMeluny) October 5, 2017
As Strafach notes, Apple's decision to grant Uber the entitlement is surprising, especially considering the controversies that have surrounded the company most of this year. The Hell software it developed to secretly track Lyft drivers, for example, brought a slew of criticism and even played a part in the company failing to have its license renewed in London.
A team captain and team leader, South Sioux City senior Mavrick Singer is next up in Huskerland's Getting to Know series.Standing six-foot-tall and weighing 275 pounds Singer is a starter for the C...
Are you ready for National Doughnut Day?
The “holiday” is set for Friday (we can call it a holiday, right?) and we bet you're wondering where you can snag a free or discounted doughnut.
Well, it depends on where in the country you live, as not all these chains have locations everywhere, but it's worth looking up and seeing where your closest free-doughnut options are.
Also, if you have a favorite local store, look it up on social media: it appears many mom-and-pop shops and smaller businesses are running deals and promotions of their own.
For now, let's talk about the big players and what they're offering Friday:
Krispy Kreme: One free doughnut of your choice. No purchase necessary. This is available only at participating shops across the U.S. and Canada.
Dunkin' Donuts: One free classic donut of your choice when you buy any beverage. The offer is good all day at participating Dunkin' locations nationwide.
Tim Hortons: This year, Timmy's isn't offering a freebie, per se. Instead, if you visit one of the chain's five locations in Buffalo, New York; Columbus, Ohio; or Detroit, and you ask for the “Gold Timbits” just after 6 a.m., you could win free doughnuts for a year. There's no purchase necessary. For more details, visit the company's website.
Cumberland Farms: One free doughnut with the purchase of any "dispensed beverage." The deal is valid at participating locations from 5 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Papa John's: A free order of caramel-crème-filled doughnut holes with any online pizza order. Yes, you're reading this correctly: Papa John's as in the pizza chain. And yes, the doughnut holes are new -- for those of you who aren't familiar with the product. They're debuting as a menu item just in time for Friday, and they'll only be available for a limited time.
Graham Media Group 2018
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, she was hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," she said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in her 23rd consecutive Women's Open. She got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of cancelled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and her scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave her a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
By John Zenor, The Associated Press
One year after the events of Mosul ended in July 2017, the Iraqi Red Crescent teams continue to provide humanitarian assistance to the residents inside the city or to the displaced who face some challenges to return to their homes after their homes have been damaged.
After thousands of houses were destroyed, roads and bridges were damaged, and water station, as well as sanitation facilities, were destroyed by heavy fighting, the Iraqi Red Crescent Society (IRCS) in cooperation with its partners in the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement installs water purification stations and installs (65) water tanks with a capacity of 5000 liters distributed in the old neighborhoods of Mosul.
Relief official for the Iraqi Red Crescent Society, Haidar Kassem, says:
“The IRCS teams distribute more than (350,000) liters of water per day covering Mosul's old city and this is done by transporting water from the water station in the Ghazalani area by IRCS water truck and then all tanks which were distributed in the old city neighborhoods will be filled”.
“The IRCS teams continue to provide the needs of the families in their residential areas and the displaced in the camps such as the distribution of food parcels for families in their residential areas as well as provide hot food meals for the families in the displacement camps not to mention provide some special needs of children and women.
“IRCS Health teams continue to receive and treat more 130 cases per day and specialist medical staff give medicine to the patient in the Health center and mobile clinic of the IRCS.”
(Source: IRCS)
Giving birth is a painful but joyous experience that most pregnant woman look forward to. But not to this minor.
An 11-year-old girl, who was allegedly raped by six persons, gave birth to a baby girl at the government hospital in the city of Rajkot in Gujarat, India, on Saturday.
“The victim's condition is stable. The newborn baby had some health problems and has been admitted to a government-run children's hospital,” a police official said. The girl was eight months pregnant.
According to a leading Indian news agency, while four of the accused were arrested earlier, remaining two were arrested on Saturday, police said.
READ ALSO: Eight people gang-raped woman in front of husband
Nanji Javiya, 67, and Arvind Kubawat, 60, were arrested in the case on March 13 on the basis of a complaint lodged by the victim's mother. Investigations revealed that a total of six persons had raped the girl on separate occasions, police said.
Vijanand Ahir, who is visually impaired, and a 17-year-old boy were arrested two days ago, while Vipul Chavda, 40, and Govind Sakariya, 61, were arrested on Saturday, according to police officials.
The girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was raped several times allegedly by an uncle who was later arrested.
READ ALSO: Brutal gang rape; 5-year –old raped by a group of men
Last year, a month before the 10-year-old gave birth, her parents asked the Indian Supreme Court to allow her to have a late-term abortion. But the request was turned down
Indian law does not allow medical terminations after 20 weeks unless there is a threat to either the life of the mother or her child.
Joseph “Joe” Samuel Jacobs 84, died Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. He was born July 21, 1933 in Columbus County, the son of the late George Will Jacobs and Nettie Belle Norris Jacobs.
He was preceded in death by a son, Michael Ray Jacobs; his parents; four brothers and sisters; and eight half brothers and sisters.
He owned and operated Joe's Wrecker & Used Parts for 55 years. He was the founder of Nakina Fire & Rescue and provided the department with fire and rescue trucks.
His family will receive friends from 6-8:30 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 15 at Peacock Funeral Home in Whiteville. His funeral service will be held at 2 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 16 at Nakina Pentecostal Holiness Church with Revs.Terry Green and Roger Coffey officiating. Burial will be in the church cemetery.
He is survived by his wife of 65 years, Shirley Centonze Jacobs; three sons, Sammy Jacobs of Nakina, Greg Jacobs and wife, Donna, and Robbie Jacobs, both of Whiteville; one daughter, Paula Jacobs Canady of Nakina; two sisters, Rosa Nell Cartrette and husband, Jake, of Tabor City and Mae Ward Barnes of Whiteville; grandchildren, Joe Jacobs III and wife, Teresa, David Jacobs and wife, Melissa, Robbie Jacobs and wife, Brandy, Amanda Jacobs, Missy Moore and husband, Andrew, Amy Jacobs, Ashley Jacobs, Tiffany Powell and husband, Corey, Kyle Canady, Tyler Canady, Gary Fowler and wife, Amber; 14 great-grandchildren; a special nephew, Terry Ward and wife, Karen, and their daughter, a great niece, Paige Ward.
Online condolences may be made at www.peacockfuneralhome.net.
By Naomi Uzor
THE nation has been cautioned to tame militancy as it culminated in a significant drop in output and revenue a few years ago.
Stating this at the just-concluded Kaduna International Trade Fair, the Chief Executive Officer, Koinowia Ventures Limited, Mr. Olufemi Boyede, said that the various issues that breed militancy should be addressed.
He also indicated that: “the non-oil sector has continued to remain the main driver of growth in the immediate-to-medium term hence, at the inception of President Buhari's administration, the government immediately adopted an adjustment strategy that hinges on combating corruption and shoring up non-oil revenues to compensate for dwindling oil revenues. The reality and imperative of diversification therefore became clear.
“This is why government, in 1986, introduced about 18 different incentives to support exports. However, as of today, very few are operational.
‘'In recognition of its mandate to formulate and implement policies and instruments to grow Nigeria's non-oil exports, the Nigeria Export Promotion Council has recently produced and is currently validating a ‘New Basket of Export Incentives' for Nigeria.''
Sri Lanka skipper Dinesh Chandimal who has been playing for Sri Lanka since 2011 said that this is the worst series defeat ever he has been part of.
“We could not even play five full days, so yes, this is the worst defeat ever,” said Chandimal.
Chandimal also apologized to the spectators and all supporters of Sri Lanka cricket for their defeat.
“It was tough for me and the team. It's just disappointing. If we could get on to the fifth day we could have learned something but (losing) within two and half days we can't give excuses,” lamented the skipper.
He also said the difference between the Sri Lanka team which whitewashed Australia a year ago and the present team is due to injuries.
“It's a main concern (injuries). When we played against Australia we had the full squad. We did not have any injuries and everyone did their best. Once we came to this series there were so many injuries,” observed Chandimal.
(Source: Ceylon Today)
Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch recently took a knee during the Star Spangled Banner during Saturday's game against the Arizona Cardinals.
Raiders' coach Jack Del Rio spoke to press about his conversation with the 31-year-old, claiming he wasn't aware he planned to sit.
“[Lynch] said, ‘This is something I've done for 11 years. It's not a form of anything other than me being myself,'” Del Rio told The Mercury News. “I said, ‘So you understand how I feel. I very strongly believe in standing for the national anthem, but I'm going to respect you as a man. You do your thing, and we'll do ours.' So that's a non-issue for me.”
Colin Kaepernick, created similar controversy in 2016 by famously kneeling during the national anthem. In response, Lynch said that anyone who wasn't truly “racist won't see what [Kaepernick is] doing as a threat to America, just addressing the problem that we have.” The former 49ers player still remains unsigned.
So far, there has been an overwhelming social media response in support of Marshawn.
If you're mad about Marshawn lynch sitting for the National Anthem, but not about trump being silent on white supremacy, unfollow me. — 🇳🇬🇳🇬 (@ye_inspired) August 13, 2017
So y'all will defend white supremacists 1st amendment rights but want Marshawn Lynch and Kaepernick kicked out of the NFL? It doesn't add up — Claire ✨ (@fka_claire) August 13, 2017
the national football league doesn't deserve Marshawn Lynch pic.twitter.com/YYA8sR148u — Ashley Holcomb (@ashleyxholcomb) August 13, 2017
People are REALLY more outraged that Marshawn Lynch sat down during the national anthem over what's going on in Charolettesville?? Scum. — Bob Mirley 🌺🇭🇹 (@thatgirlmirl) August 13, 2017
IMAGE CREDIT: Getty
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
FILE - In this Jan. 29, 2018, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens speaks in Palmyra, Mo. Greitens is expected to ask a judge to move up his criminal trial to April 3, more than a month earlier than scheduled. Attorneys for the Republican governor at a hearing Monday, March, 19, 2018 also asked for a bench trial. The circuit attorney's office opposes both notions. Jeff Roberson, File AP Photo
On a patrician evening in Ireland
I was born in the guest-room…
With those opening lines in the marvellous elegy for his grandmother, Richard Murphy announced not only his entrance into the world but the arrival of a poet who, by virtue of his background, would stand apart from his contemporaries.
Along with the two other major figures among his mid-twentieth century contemporaries – Kinsella and Montague – he faced the challenge of remaking and liberating Irish poetry in the post-Yeats era. His collected poems, The Pleasure Ground, shows the measure of his response to that challenge and confirms a sense of complete achievement. As a craftsman he was resourceful, and in both the short lyric and longer narratives there is strictly controlled precision and fastidious care in the choosing of each single word.
While his background was Anglo-Irish, a factor that perhaps allowed the cool, detached outlook in his perspectives on Irish history, he looked to quite different social realities and lives in poems about fishermen, travellers, his “vanished masons”. A builder of boats and dwellings (though never an Ivory Tower ) with his own hands, his inherited credentials were never an obstacle to contact with the people “cultivating fields” or “happy in the monotony of boats”. His evocations of individuals in west of Ireland settings – often strangers such as the American poet Theodore Roethke, the philosopher Wittgenstein, the actor Mary Ure – are among his most powerful lyrics. The Connemara landscape, its seacoast and offshore islands provided fruitful imagery.
Murphy's command of the lyric form displays “singularly perfect thrusts”, as Lowell said of William Carlos Williams. Beyond his interrogation of history and its complexities, his poems always remained close to his lived life. The Battle of Aughrim was and remains a profound exploration. That achievement alone would have stood as a memorable testament to his gifts, but he leaves much else that holds the mark of major poetry.
Irish horses dominated the Cheltenham Festival again this year and a final tally of 17 winners saw Irish trainers post their second highest tally ever at the Festival.
Gordon Elliott retained his leading trainer's title with eight winners over the four days, edging out his great rival Willie Mullins who finished with seven, meaning the pair accounted for all but 2 of the Irish-trained winners. Elliott's tally matches the record number of winners set by Mullins in 2015.
Thirty-nine year old Davy Russell took the leading rider's crown for the first time with four Cheltenham Festival winners including a spectacular day three treble. He finished level with 18 year old star Jack Kennedy, who also finished with four winners but had fewer placed horses than Russell.
Paul Townend finished the week with two, the same as Ruby Walsh, the top rider at the Festival on 11 previous occasions, who was ruled out of the remainder of the Festival after his fall in the second race on Wednesday.
The 17 Irish-trained winners were spread across 11 different owners and four different trainers with Pat Kelly and Henry De Bromhead also training winners again this year. Half of the races (14) at this year's Cheltenham Festival were won by Irish-bred horses.
Willie Mullins got off to a flyer with a treble on Tuesday. Footpad was the first Mullins and Irish-trained winner of the week when taking the Racing Post Arkle Chase in the hands of Ruby Walsh, Benie Des Dieux followed up for the same combination in the OLBG Mares' Hurdle before Rathvinden won the National Hunt Novices' Chase to give top amateur rider Patrick Mullins his fourth Cheltenham Festival success.
On Wednesday, Samcro got Gordon Elliott off the mark when taking the Ballymore Novices' Hurdle with Jack Kennedy the man on board. Elliott was to match Mullins' opening day exploits with three winners on the day and he also claimed the Glenfarclas Cross Country Chase with Tiger Roll, a first Festival success for 24-year-old Dunshaughlin, County Meath jockey Keith Donoghue, and the Fred Winter Juvenile Hurdle with Veneer Of Charm, a second winner on the day for Jack Kennedy. Tiger Roll, winning at the Cheltenham Festival for the third time, began an unprecedented run of nine successive Irish-trained winners that was only to end in the final race on the following afternoon.
Craughwell, County Galway trainer Pat Kelly made it three winners in successive years for owner Philip Reynolds when Presenting Percy, victorious in the Pertemps Network Final Handicap Hurdle last year, took the RSA Novices' Chase in tremendous fashion to give Davy Russell his first winner of the week. Willie Mullins brought his tally to five with a Wednesday double thanks to Bleu Berry, a breakthrough Cheltenham Festival winner for Mark Walsh, in the Coral Cup Handicap Hurdle and the Katie Walsh-ridden Relegate in the Weatherbys Champion Bumper, a third Festival success for the Kill, County Kildare amateur.
For the third year running, Irish trainers captured six of the seven races on Thursday and fell just short of a clean sweep when taking second and third places behind the sole British-trained Missed Approach in the final event on the card.
It was a history making day for Willie Mullins who became the winning-most trainer at the Festival as the Paul Townend-ridden Laurina gave him a 61st winner when routing the opposition in the Trull House Stud Mares' Novices' Hurdle. Mullins had earlier tied Nicky Henderson's record of 60 winners when Penhill, another ridden by Townend, won the Sun Bets Stayers' Hurdle.
Gordon Elliott went one better than his great rival with three Thursday winners. Once again, he teamed up with Jack Kennedy to land the JLT Novices' Chase with Shattered Love while Davy Russell rode both Delta Work and The Storyteller to win the Pertemps Network Final Handicap Hurdle and Plate Handicap Chase respectively. It was Russell's third successive win in the Pertemps Network Final Handicap Hurdle after partnering Pat Kelly's Mall Dini in 2016 and Presenting Percy last year.
Michael O'Leary finally got his hands on the trophy for the Ryanair Chase, a race he has sponsored since 2006, when Balko Des Flos, another ridden by Davy Russell, ran out a most comprehensive winner to give Henry De Bromhead a fourth Cheltenham Festival success.
Elliott overhauled Willie Mullins to retain his leading trainer award with a final day double for owners Gigginstown House Stud. Jack Kennedy partnered Farclas to win the JCB Triumph Hurdle while Donagh Meyler, from Kilmacow, County Kilkenny, gained his first Festival success when winning the Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys' Hurdle on joint top-weight Blow By Blow.
Irish-Trained winners at Cheltenham Festival 2018
Tuesday
Sky Bet Supreme Novices' Hurdle – FOOTPAD – Willie Mullins & Ruby Walsh.
OLBG Mares' Hurdle – BENIE DES DIEUX – Willie Mullins & Ruby Walsh.
National Hunt Amateur Riders' Novices' Chase – RATHVINDEN – Willie Mullins & Patrick Mullins.
Wednesday
Ballymore Novices' Hurdle – SAMCRO – Gordon Elliott & Jack Kennedy.
RSA Insurance Novices' Chase – PRESENTING PERCY – Pat Kelly & Davy Russell.
Coral Cup Handicap Hurdle – BLEU BERRY – Willie Mullins & Mark Walsh.
Glenfarclas Cross Country Chase – TIGER ROLL – Gordon Elliott & Keith Donoghue.
Boodles Fred Winter Juvenile Handicap Hurdle – VENEER OF CHARM – Gordon Elliott & Jack Kennedy.
Weatherbys Champion Bumper – RELEGATE – Willie Mullins & Katie Walsh.
Thursday
JLT Novices' Chase – SHATTERED LOVE – Gordon Elliott & Jack Kennedy.
Pertemps Network Final Handicap Hurdle – DELTA WORK – Gordon Elliott & Davy Russell.
Ryanair Chase – BALKO DES FLOS – Henry De Bromhead & Davy Russell.
Sun Bets Stayers' Hurdle – PENHILL – Willie Mullins & Paul Townend.
Brown Advisory & Merriebelle Stable Plate Handicap Chase – THE STORYTELLER – Gordon Elliott & Davy Russell.
Trull House Stud Mares' Novices' Hurdle – LAURINA – Willie Mullins & Paul Townend.
Friday
JCB Triumph Hurdle – FARCLAS – Gordon Elliott & Jack Kennedy.
Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys' Handicap Hurdle – BLOW BY BLOW – Gordon Elliott & Donagh Meyler.
The Vegas Golden Knights are ready to take on the Dallas Stars in their first-ever season game.
When the Golden Knights take the ice Friday at American Airlines Arena, it's going to a historic moment, not just because it's the first game that counts, but because it's the first time a community is going to count on them.
"Lot of people look up to athletes and when we come to the rink and support people, I think it makes a big difference for sure," said Golden Knights head coach, Gerard Gallant.
The Golden Knights didn't prepare like most teams in the league this week, instead of getting rest between practices, most players were out in the community, lending a helping hand or hug to those in need.
"It's our first season and if that's what we can do right now allow people to take their minds off the sadness and disappointment, put a smile on their face is a way to help," said Golden Knights goaltender, Calvin Pickard.
Golden Knights defenseman Deryk Engelland has called Las Vegas home for 14 years, he knows a hockey game won't erase the pain that has hit his city, but he hopes it can ease it.
"Few hours in the day we can have people turns their minds off, enjoy an atmosphere they won't get when they're not in this stadium, it's almost like a two or three-hour therapy, just let your brain heal a little bit and enjoy your time," said Engelland.
"It's just a game, it put things in perspective a bit, people are having a lot worse of a day than we are, hockey-wise you're going to try and play well, represent the city well, making people in Vegas proud of us," said Golden Knights goaltender, Marc-Andre Fleury.
When the team laces up the skate for the first time Friday night, they're not just playing for the guy next to them or the logo on their chest, but the city they represent.
"Our games are going to be very important, it's going to give people that come down there, enjoy it and get away from the tragedies, just to have some fun and it's tough to have fun every day it gets a little bitter and you got to get through it," said Gallant.
Like other places around the league this week, a moment of silence is expected before the Golden Knights face off against the Dallas Stars for their franchise regular-season opener.
Puck drop is set for 5:30 p.m. local time.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning are back to terrify and delight us all in Maleficent 2!
The sequel to the 2014 blockbuster has Angie back as the titular character, and Elle returning as Princess Aurora. IRL Queen Michelle Pfeiffer will also be in it, as well, a queen, which makes total sense. Chiwetel Ejiofor, Lesley Manville, Ed Skrein, and Harris Dickinson are also joining the cast.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The sequel takes place a few years after the end of the first film, and will show Maleficent and Aurora joining forces to protect the realm. Yes, I'm very into alllll of this.
To celebrate the news, Elle posted some truly excellent shots to her Insta.
“It's bring your mom to work day on the #Maleficent2 set!!!!!” she captioned a shot of herself and a be-horned (is that a word? It is now!) Angelina.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Later, she posted a pic of Angie's horns behind her head with the caption, "Ultimate Photobomb #Maleficent2"
Ultimate Photobomb #Maleficent2 A post shared by Elle Fanning (@ellefanning) on May 29, 2018 at 10:25am PDT
While Maleficent 2 doesn't have a release date yet, my body, mind, and soul are ready for this deliciously gruesome twosome to grace the big screen yet again!
A Derbyshire pub named after a naval hero is to be demolished to make way for nearly a dozen new homes.
The Sir John Warren pub, in Heanor Road, Loscoe, near Heanor, is to be pulled down to allow 11 houses to be built on the site.
The site already had outline planning permission for nine properties – but in March a new application was submitted to Amber Valley Borough Council for full permission to demolish the pub and build 11 homes.
Now, the scheme can go ahead following approval from the local authority this week.
It is thought the Sir John Warren was built during the 1970s to replace the original watering hole of the same name, which had been demolished in 1969.
The pub, which is currently vacant, took its name from local naval hero Sir John Borlase Warren, who was born in Stapleford in 1753 and went on to become a Royal Navy officer, politician and later a diplomat.
There is another pub called the Sir John Warren – in Ilkeston – operated by Greene King.
According to the plans, out of the 11 properties, eight will be one and two-bedroom “affordable” homes.
The pub, which has been empty since 2009, currently has a 40-space car park. The development will see this reduced to 18.
The plans have been passed despite some residents lodging objections that the scheme would not have enough parking spaces.
In the original planning documents submitted by Paul Gaughan Building Consultants, on behalf of the applicant, it said: “Over the past five to 10 years the public house has become increasingly unprofitable, with a series of short-term tenants, who have failed to make its continued use profitable.
“The property is now boarded up and has been that way for a number of years. A successful planning application will allow the applicant to redevelop the site with affordable market units for the local community and put the site back into good use.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In granting permission, borough council planners said: “The development complies with the provisions of the development plan for the locality and raises no unresolved issues in relation to the location of the site, privacy, amenity, character and design, landscape or heritage features and highway safety.
“The local planning authority has approached the decision making process in a positive way to foster the delivery of sustainable development and has worked proactively with the applicant/agent to secure a development to improve the economic, social and environmental conditions of the area.”
President Trump on Monday authorized his top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called his action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
He cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. He was flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of his economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," he said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But he said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," she said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
She says that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Retired SBCC professor bonds with Adams School second-graders, and looks for promotion to third grade in the fall
(Santa Barbara Partners in Education video)
[Noozhawk's note: One in a series on Santa Barbara Partners in Education volunteers. This article is sponsored by Cottage Health System, a partner in Education President's Council member.]
Even retirement can't keep former teacher Marie Foley out of the classroom. The emeritus professor of English at Santa Barbara City College is a volunteer tutor through Santa Barbara Partners in Education.
| Partners in Education President's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
A nonprofit organization administered by the Santa Barbara County Education Office, Partners in Education meets school and community needs through volunteers who have skills and interests relevant to those needs.
Foley liked that she was able to specify on Partners in Education's online volunteer sign up from what grade level she would like to volunteer with, the time of day she was available, and the number of hours she could commit. From there, volunteer managers would work to match her preferences with a school or nonprofit request in the community.
“I had tutored adults with literacy volunteers and in Adult Ed Basic Skills for many years, and decided it would be fun to change to elementary students,” Foley said.
“I've tutored in my grandchildren's classes and have always found it stimulating. I chose second grade because I knew the focus would be on language arts.”
Once she was connected with a classroom, Foley began tutoring two hours a week over the course of the past school year. Since she began volunteering in September 2012, Foley has given nearly 70 hours of service in a classroom.
She has enjoyed her time working with the younger children.
“I love learning about the students' lives,” she said.
“I especially remember the day one little boy, whom I had thought was so shy, revealed that he was taking rodeo lessons, had his own pony and was saving up to buy a horse,” she recalled. “A 7-year-old!”
Jackie Lapkin's second-grade class at Adams School was assigned to Foley.
“I am so grateful to have Partners in Education volunteers in my class,” she said.
“We have so little funding for assistance in our classes, and I really look forward to Thursdays when Marie Foley can come and help.”
Thinking of those who have inspired her as an educator and volunteer Foley noted, “I was probably most influenced by several college professors who showed me, finally, how to read literature deeply, to think critically and to write intelligently. Those were the qualities I tried to promote in my students at SBCC and the qualities I try to instill through my volunteer work.”
“I was really touched by how invested Marie became in the learning of the second-graders she worked with,” said Ashley Cortez, the Partners in Education volunteer manager and AmeriCorps member who coordinated Foley's involvement.
“As the school year came to a close, she mentioned perhaps wanting to be assigned to the third-grade class next year, so she could continue helping the children she had gotten to know,” Cortez added. “Either way, she plans to come back as a volunteer tutor again next year. Her dedication is inspiring.”
When asked what she enjoys most about working as a partner in Education volunteer, Foley was ready with a reply.
“It's been delightful to watch the students develop self-confidence and curiosity,” she said. “I think of my role as helping to foster those qualities, not just reinforcing their skills.”
• • •
Santa Barbara Partners in Education is a nonprofit 501(c)3 administered by the Santa Barbara County Education Office. Partner programs include a Volunteer Recruitment program serving K-12 public schools and nonprofit organizations; a Paid Job Readiness Training & Internship program for deserving high school students; and Computers for Families, a program working to close the digital divide.
» Click here to volunteer with Partners in Education, or call 805.964.4710 x4401.
» Connect with Partners in Education on Facebook. Follow Partners in Education on Twitter: @sbpartnersined.
» For other inquiries, contact internship program and communications coordinator Chelsea Duffy at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
| Partners in Education President's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
— Jenae Jeppesen works with Santa Barbara Partners in Education.
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes Pause
1:54 Behind the scenes at the Velma Morrison auction in 2014
2:50 Peek inside Velma Morrison's Boise home, hear the YMCA's plans
0:05 "Snow Moon" creates optical illusion at Idaho's Shoshone Falls
1:48 Treasure Magazine : Valentine's Day with City Peanut Shop
1:49 14-year-old pinball expert loves the game. Watch out. It's contagious.
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
Over the past few weeks, sculptures created by student artists have been appearing all over campus to make statements about either political views or the existing art on campus.
These white plaster sculptures, which take on the form of life-size human figures, are a part of a project in the Sculpture I class taught by art professor Lucy Gans.
Student artists were asked to pick a stance on a social or political issue they felt passionate about and use human figures to create a sculpture scene to serve as a tangible artistic representation of their viewpoints.
Students who found it difficult to take a stance on a political or social issue were allowed to instead use their plaster sculptures to comment on how existing campus sculptures interact with the community.
The project was originally inspired by American artist, photographer and sculptor George Segal, whose sculpture “Woman on the Bench” is a permanent installation featured on Memorial Walkway. Sculpture I students used his method of applying plaster to a live model to create a more realistic sense of human expression.
“He started the whole trend of plaster wrapping your body to create a shell and actually skip the step of sculpting,” Quinn Boothe, '18, said. “He's very politically active in the messages he sends with his sculptures, so the project was essentially inspired by that.”
This was the second year Gans' class has done this project, but Boothe said this was the first time the project held a message behind the actual sculptures themselves.
“We sat down as a class and discussed our purpose,” Olivia McGeough, '19, said. “‘Do we want to be in groups? Do we want to say something or do we not want to say something? Do we want to make a political statement?' These were all questions we asked ourselves as a class and people fell on both sides of that, so we were able to figure out a way to incorporate all of those things into our different characters as seen throughout campus.”
Sculpture I student Emma Kwasnoski, '20, used this project as a way to express her opinions about the 2017 #TakeAKnee movement, which was initiated by Colin Kaepernick to protest racial inequality.
Inspired by Segal's effort to “put people in places and situations that make the observer rethink how they normally would view others around them,” Kwasnoski created a scene of four students taking a knee in front of the flagpole on the UC Front Lawn.
“I thought this would really be a great way to start a discussion on campus about what minority students on campus are facing,” she said.
Kwasnoski received reactions from students saying it made them feel uncomfortable, as it wasn't an issue that is often openly discussed.
“This is a problem and as part of a generation that can actually make changes and can help people to think differently regarding controversial issues, I thought it would be a really powerful statement to make,” Kwasnoski said. “When it comes to taking a knee, I think it was especially powerful, artistically speaking, because these casts are made from real students here at Lehigh that are being affected by the issue.”
Boothe, McGeough and Nick Zambas, a fifth-year student, used the project as an opportunity to express their frustrations with the administration and Lehigh University Police Department through art.
Prior to the completion of the project, Gans invited LUPD Chief Ed Shupp to have an open conversation regarding these three students' idea for their sculpture.
“To be honest, it wasn't a great conversation,” McGeough said. “He came in here and we tried to voice our opinion and he voiced his, but I don't feel like there was a lot of listening happening.”
The sculpture located outside of Chandler-Ullmann depicts a scene where a police officer is arresting a girl who is holding a pair of high-heeled shoes. There is a third figure lying on the ground placed behind the Chandler-Ullmann sign.
Boothe said the scene they created is not aggressive, and they wanted to use it to comment on the “misdirection of the police.”
“Situations like this are happening all the time,” Boothe said. “This is a girl who isn't carrying a drink — she's just holding her heels because maybe she doesn't want to walk in them any more, but the fact that that can be reason enough to be accosted by the police…and then you have this kid who is passed out in the background, and they're not doing anything about it or tending to the one who actually needs the help.”
The student artists said they did not create the piece to disrespect LUPD, but to use art to open dialogue between students, the administration, the Lehigh community and LUPD.
“I think it's a universal thing that art is a really powerful medium for social change and for expressing political views, emotional views and values,” McGeough said. “I want our piece to be a catalyst for change on campus because it's a very powerful statement, and if we're able to get the backing of the community and of the police department, hopefully we can see a change where students are safer, and the police department is able to do their job in the most effective way. Then everyone wins.”
Khichdi Actors Pay Tribute To Sridevi
Regarding the episode, the actor-producer, JD Majethia was quoted by TOI as saying, "The episode had an interesting gag involving Sridevi. When she passed away in February, we were reluctant to air that part."
Sridevi Loved The First Season Of Khichdi!
"However, we then felt that there was nothing derogatory about it and we were referring to her in a humour sequence, which actually will be our tribute to the legendary actress. She had once told us that she loved the first season of our show."
Sridevi Made Supriya Talk Like Hansa
Supriya Pathak, who plays Hansa on the show, recalled as to how Sridevi made her talk like Hansa when they met on flight.
Surpiya Had A Beautiful Memory Of The Actress
The actress was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "Around three years ago, I met her on a flight and she literally made me talk like Hansa. It was embarrassing for a moment, but that just showed how much she loved the characters."
Surpiya's Character Hansa
Regarding her role, Supriya had said in her earlier interview, "I had to do a lot of disconnecting from things to play this role. Earlier, I used to always ask people if they want me to answer as Supriya or Hansa. If they said Hansa, and asked me a question, I would say, I don't know."
Supriya As Hansa
"That's because Hansa doesn't know anything! For me, it was important to reach that state of thing in mind where I don't question anything. That is the happy quotient of Hansa because as an actor mujhe kuch sochna nahin padta."
Google's early October press event will largely be remembered as the launching pad for the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL smartphones but that wasn't the only new hardware to break cover that day. We also laid eyes on the Google Home Max, a supersized version of Google's smart home speaker designed to compete with other high-end stereo speakers from companies like Apple and Sonos.
Google Home Max is offered in your choice of chalk or charcoal (white or black) color schemes. It features dual 0.7-inch tweeters in addition to two 4.5-inch woofers, all housed within a rigid chassis to “keep the audio composed.”
Google Home Max utilizes machine learning to automatically adjust equalizer settings based on the acoustics of your room. This, Google says, will give the speaker a balanced sound regardless of where you place it. If you're like me and could spend hours tweaking equalizer settings to no avail, this will be a welcome feature.
Google Home Max is available as of writing from the Google Store, Best Buy, Walmart and Verizon. At $399, it's a bit more expensive than Apple's HomePod ($349 but delayed until early next year) and the Sonos One speaker that starts at $199 but perhaps it's worth it once you hear it in person?
If you're looking to save a few bucks, have a look at the much more affordable Google Home Mini (now just $29) or even the standard-size Google Home which can be yours for $79.
There is no The Knife.
One of the most confounding and liberating performances of 2014 included 25 dancers, musicians and crew — and no one in the audience knew who was playing what role. When The Knife took its album Shaking The Habitual on tour, the Swedish electronic duo extended that record's themes, of power dynamics and queer politics, in part by outfitting the performers in gender-neutral jumpsuits. It was like an aerobics tape from space; everyone sang, everyone danced, everyone banged on outlandishly decorated instruments (built especially for the tour).
From way up on the third balcony of Terminal 5 for one of these performances I spent the first 20 minutes that night in NYC trying to figure out which of the jumpsuited performers the siblings Karin Dreijer Andersson and Olof Dreijer. But as this "amoeba," as the band refers to itself, moved from playing imaginatively different live versions of Shaking The Habitual to using pre-recorded tracks in an extended dance performance, identity became fluid and, more strikingly, unimportant.
If you couldn't make it to New York — or, like me, were stuck on a high balcony craning your neck all night long — Shaking The Habitual: Live At Terminal 5 is here for you, documenting the night with a live album, film and photo book.
Note that there's a bit of a hiccup for streaming the album, as the band has a long-running dispute with Brille Records in the U.K./Éire, USA/Canada, Asia & South/Latin America — so if you live in those areas and go to The Knife's site right now, you get a series of vignettes (including those cryptic videos published Friday featuring a machete slapping a buttock) instead of the concert film.
Shaking The Habitual: Live At Terminal 5 is out Sept. 1 via Rabid (digital, DVD and photo book).
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May will ask her Cabinet colleagues to back “the softest possible Brexit” when they meet on Friday, it has been reported.
Robert Peston, the Political Editor for ITV News, has reported that Mrs May will reveal plans for a trade deal which means the UK continues to obey some EU laws.
There will be an end to freedom of movement for people - but there will still be a system making it relatively easily for EU immigrants to come into the UK.
Prime Minister Theresa May and her Cabinet are to meet at her Chequers country home, in Buckinghamshire, for a Brexit summit on Friday.
They will attempt to agree what the UK's future relationship with the European Union after Brexit should look like. This includes issues relating to customs and trade which have triggered furious rows within the Tory ranks.
Here's what's planned according to Robert Peston:
UK to obey some EU laws
The UK will continue to accept EU rules on the product standards for goods and agricultural products.
It means EU law continuing to apply to British manufacturing and food production.
This would help allow freedom of movement for goods between the UK and EU.
Immigration controls - but not too many
No freedom of movement for people, but EU citizens would find it easier to live and work in the UK than people from other parts of the world.
The hope is that in return, the EU will agree to improved market access in Europe for British service companies.
UK to collect border tariffs on behalf of the EU
A customs deal with the EU in which the UK collect duties on imports at the rate of the European Union's common customs tariff.
In effect, this means that the UK would collect taxes on behalf of the EU.
But it might give the UK the best of both worlds - free movement of goods between the UK and EU, while also allowing the UK to sign its own independent trade deals with other countries.
Tories at war over Brexit
As rows within the Conservative Party continued, former justice minister Phillip Lee accused Brexiteers of “planning a coup” against Mrs May.
The Bracknell MP called for “courageous, rational leadership” after reports in the Daily Express that supporters of Jacob Rees-Mogg had amassed a £750,000 fund to fight a leadership campaign if Theresa May is forced out.
Dr Lee, who quit the Government in June to vote against it on the EU (Withdrawal) Bill, tweeted: “We need courageous, rational leadership to get our country successfully through £Brexit: courage to stand up for what's right for our country; rationality to take decisions based on reality and evidence, not dreams and dogma.
“The last thing we need is a leadership challenge. But when an MP & his supporters have collected £750k to do just that, there is no doubt that Brexiteers are planning a coup. I call on other rational members of the party to stand against this nonsense.”
Former Tory Party leader William Hague has issued a blunt warning to Cabinet Brexiteers not to push their demands for a clean break with the European Union too far.
Ahead of crunch talks at Chequers, Lord Hague said Parliament could force a “watered-down” Brexit on the Government if ministers fail to agree a compromise plan on Britain's future customs relationship with the EU.
Writing in The Daily Telegraph, he said that any minister who chose that moment to quit would show they were not fit to hold high office in the first place.
Amid reports of ministers preparing possible leadership challenges, he warned that the “vast sensible middle” of the Conservative Party “deeply dislike naked manoeuvring to become the next leader”.
He said: “Flouncing out, just when the going gets tough but when the EU Withdrawal Act has been successfully enacted, will look like evading responsibility for choices that were inevitable just when important progress has been made.”
His intervention will be seen as a shot across the bows to senior ministers, such as Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who have reportedly been considering resigning if Theresa May gives too much ground to those pressing to keep Britain as close to the EU as possible after Brexit, potentially triggering a leadership contest.
A mother-of-four, who claimed she did not know her Las Vegas wedding was valid in Ireland, has been cleared of unlawfully obtaining almost €30,000 in one parent family payments.
At Dublin District Court, Judge John Brennan had compared the case to the comedy film The Hangover about the antics of a group of men at a bachelor party in Las Vegas in the United States.
Ruling on Wedesday, he said the marriage was valid.
However, he accepted submissions from Matthew Holmes BL that his client Michelle Burke (39), from Cappagh Road, Finglas, Dublin 11 could rely on the defence of “honest though unreasonable belief”.
Dismissing the case, the judge said he had studied her demeanour when she testified and he added that her evidence was effectively uncontroverted.
The total alleged fraud was €29,773 and it was the prosecution's case that she got married and failed to notify the Department of Social Protection while claiming the one parent family payment between November 2010 and August 2012, a charge she had denied.
If convicted she would have faced a possible six-month jail term.
The trial heard she had been in receipt of the one parent family payment since 1997. She was getting €317 a week.
A trawl by staff from the Department of Social Protection revealed Ms Burke got married to her current partner on November 6th, 2010, at the Holywood Wedding Chapel, Las Vegas. The court heard the marriage was legally recognised in Ireland.
Her payment was stopped and she was interviewed but told the inspector she did not think that the marriage was legal. She also said her partner, who was not the father of her children, paid tax and then lived at a different address in Dublin 1.
In the witness box, Ms Burke had claimed she had gone the US for a few days with a group for a friend's birthday party.
Questioned by her barrister about the marriage ceremony, she claimed “we just thought it was funny to do it” and it was for “for a laugh”.
“I honestly didn't think it was legal,” she said.
Asked why she did not remember much about the ceremony, she replied, “because we were drunk”.
A SOLDIER who allegedly fired about 20 shots, killing his wife, her two siblings and injuring his 18-month- old son before shooting himself in a suicide attempt in New Magwegwe suburb appeared in court yesterday.
Carlos Tinashe Chapeyema (23) who is based in Gweru and attached to the Zimbabwe National Army Infantry Battalion Brigade in Battlefields, Kwekwe, appeared before Bulawayo magistrate Mr Franklin Mkhwananzi during a bedside court session conducted at Mpilo Central Hospital.
Relatives said Chapeyema and his wife lived in Mutare but she recently returned to her parents, accusing the soldier of physically abusing her. Chapeyema is facing murder and attempted murder charges.
He was remanded in custody to February 16 and advised to apply to the High Court for bail.
Chapeyema and his son Tlowi Chapeyema, whom he shot once on the leg, are admitted to Mpilo Central Hospital.
The soldier, who was initially confined to the intensive care unit, has since been transferred to the male ward and he is under police and military guard.
His wife, Ashley Phiri (21) and her siblings, Nkosivumile Ncube (16) and Rita Nkomo (23) died on the spot.
Prosecuting, Mr Mclean Ndlovu said on February 1 this year, Chapeyema went to his wife's home armed with an AK 47 assault rifle, which was loaded with 20 rounds. He allegedly knocked on the door demanding that she opens it.
“When the door was eventually opened the accused person stormed into the house and started firing gunshots at Phiri, Nkomo and Ncube, killing them instantly,” said Mr Ndlovu.
The court heard that Chapeyema then shot his son and in the process fracturing his right leg before turning the rifle on himself. The child was taken to Mpilo Central Hospital's intensive care unit.
Chapeyema was arrested at the scene and the weapon used in committing the alleged offences was recovered.
Meanwhile, Mpilo Central Hospital clinical director, Dr Solwayo Ngwenya yesterday said both patients were out of danger.
He expressed condolences to the bereaved families.
Resource Management Support Centre (RMSC), a subsidiary institution of the Forestry Commission of Ghana (FC), has held a day's workshop for farmers in off-reserve areas on the Modified Taungya System (MTS) in Ghana to build their capacities.
The workshop was part of measures to improve food and income security of MTS farmers and tree farmers in the country and a component of a three-year project, 2016 to 2019, that is being funded by the Food and Business Applied Research Fund of the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research.
The project, which seeks to improve food and income security of smallholder farmers by introducing Non-Timber Forest Products (NTFPs) in reforestation schemes and tree crop farms, is a collaborative learning process in Ghana and is being implemented by a consortium of four bodies: the RMSC of the Forestry Commission, University of Energy and Natural Resources -Ghana, University of Amsterdam and Rural Development Youth Association.
Improving yields
The project is also partnered by the Ministry of Food and Agriculture (MoFA) and Agribusiness in Sustainable Natural African Plant Products (ASNAPP).
At the opening of the workshop at Akyawkrom in the Ejisu-Juaben Municipality in the Ashanti Region, the Project Co-ordinator, Mr Edward Obiaw, said it was necessary to generate knowledge and build capacity of farmers to intensify the integration and production of shade-tolerant non-timber forest products such as black pepper, grains of paradise and honey in both on and off reserve tree farms and their successful processing and marketing.
He said for the project to be successful, it was pertinent to take stock of the current status of non-timber forest products in the Modified Taungya System and tree farms, as well as problems that farmers encountered to sustainably manage, harvest and market them.
He added that improving yields of non-timber forest products in the Modified Taungya System through participatory seedling production and on-farm trials and exploring the potential of integrating non-timber forest products in off-reserve tree farms were important.
Enhancing Entrepreneurial skills
Mr Obiaw said apart from the need to examine and improve market opportunities and profitability, while minimising constraints, it was important to enhance entrepreneurial skills of farmer groups and group enterprises.
He urged all players to be active and remain focused in order to ensure that the project was well executed and implemented for the good of all.
Munster's hopes of continuing their fine form into the new year have been boosted with the news Jaco Taute's stay with the province has been extended.
Springbok Taute has been a key figure in Munster's resurgence under Rassie Erasmus, and he is now set to stay at Thomond Park until June 2017.
With Francis Saili making his first start of the season in Saturday's 16-9 win over Connacht at the Sportsground, Erasmus now has two formidable international midfielders at his disposal.
Taute's loan move had been due to expire in January, and his prolonged stay will sweeten the news that Darren Sweetnam is set for six weeks on the sideline following a knee injury sustained in the Stephen's Day win over Leinster.
Tommy O'Donnell limped off in the 70th minute of Munster's win in Galway with an ankle injury, but it is not yet known if he will be fit to face Racing 92 in this weekend's rescheduled Champions Cup clash.
Munster have also confirmed they have retained the services of scrumhalf Angus Lloyd until June, after he joined on a short-term loan from Ulster at the start of November.
On the announcement of Tatue's extended deal, Erasmus said: “Thankfully all parties have successfully come together in permitting us to secure Angus and Jaco for the remainder of the season.
“We were keen to retain the services of both players as we move on to our next fixtures. With Cathal (Sheridan) continuing to rehab a long-term ankle injury and Conor (Murray) unavailable to us during the international window Angus will bolster our options at scrumhalf.
“Similarly, with Jaco already in the system, having him available as a fullback or centre will be invaluable as our backline options will need to adapt with international commitments and following recent injuries to Alex Wootton, Bill Johnston and Darren Sweetnam.”
OAKLAND, Calif. — Nathan Eovaldi pitched six innings of no-hit ball in his return to the majors following a second Tommy John surgery, leading the Tampa Bay Rays to a 6-0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night.
Eovaldi (1-0) faced one over the minimum through six innings in his Tampa Bay debut. He threw 70 pitches and had four strikeouts. The only runner to reach base against him was Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first.
Wilmer Font, acquired by the Rays from the A's last Friday, gave up Jed Lowrie's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland's only hit of the game. Vidal Nuno got the last three outs to finish the one-hitter.
Rob Refsnyder hit a three-run home run off A's starter Sean Manaea (5-6), and Johnny Field also homered for the Rays.
The game drew an announced crowd of 6,295, the smallest at the Coliseum since April 3, 2003.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, he underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school.
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in his elbow. Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list prior to Wednesday's game.
Eovaldi, the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries, induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters he faced following the walk to Chapman.
Font then came in and retired Matt Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle.
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder then retired the next three batters.
A retired Church of Ireland archbishop has challenged the stance taken by the church's primate and Archbishop of Dublin on the Eighth Amendment referendum, saying it is not in line with the church's agreed position.
Former archbishop of Dublin John Neill said “the issue of abortion should not be dealt with within the Constitution” and that the church's “agreed position was always that the questions surrounding abortion should be addressed by legislation and not by constitutional provision”. He expressed concern that “the message from the Church of Ireland is changing.”
Archbishop Neill was responding to a statement last month by Church of Ireland primate Archbishop Richard Clarke and current Archbishop of Dublin Michael Jackson which said “unrestricted access to abortion in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy, or indeed at any stage, is not an ethical position we can accept”.
They continued that “we suggested the possibility of a modification to the present constitutional position”.
Archbishop Neill said “the issue of a modified constitutional provision, as suggested in recent statements, is neither the issue before the people of Ireland, nor is it in line with the position that the Church of Ireland has consistently taken”.
He continued in a letter to the Church of Ireland Gazette that as “previously advocated by the Church of Ireland” the legislature “is the proper context in which to provide a legal framework surrounding abortion”.
Archbishop Neill, who retired as in 2011, said he was speaking “as one who followed carefully the discussion leading up to the passing of the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution in 1983. And being a member of the House of Bishops under three years later when there continued to be much discussion of issues surrounding the interpretation and application of that constitutional provision.”
Meanwhile a group of 120 cross-denominational clergy and laity have agreed a No response to the Eighth Amendment in a pamphlet Is God for the 8th? They include, among others, 48 Catholic clergy and lay leaders, 16 Church of Ireland clergy and lay leaders, 15 Methodist, Presbyterian and Baptist leaders, 39 Pentecostal leaders.
They have said “we, as Christians from different denominations, do not want to see abortion on demand being introduced to Ireland. Furthermore, even selective abortions on the basis of gender or disability are forms of discrimination.” They said “we stand at a crossroads for good or for evil. The Eight Amendment is the last bulwark against abortion in Ireland.”
Included among the clergy is the Catholic Bishop of Waterford Phonsie Cullinan, leaders of the main African church and Pentecostal network in Ireland.
Next Sunday Bishop Cullinan will celebrate Mass at Knock for the protection of the right to life of the unborn. It is expected to be attended by up to 6,000 people.
They will “implore the Powerful to scatter the darkness and confusion in so many minds which are unable to see the humanity of the unborn and their right to life which is the most basic of all rights”, said Bishop Cullinan.
Sandy Alomar Jr. is steady on the Mets' radar.
The former All-Star catcher — who finished his career with the Mets in 2007 — is under strong consideration to be interviewed for the team's managerial position, an industry source said Friday.
Alomar joins Robin Ventura, Joe McEwing, Alex Cora, Kevin Long, Bob Geren and Chip Hale among the potential candidates in which the Mets have strong interest, although it's unclear if general manager Sandy Alderson has yet contacted anybody about the job.
The 51-year-old Alomar has drawn managerial interest in recent years. He was a finalist for the Indians job — after serving as interim manager — when the team hired Terry Francona after the 2012 season. Alomar also interviewed for the Diamondbacks' opening following the 2014 season, when Hale was hired.
Alomar, who serves as the Indians' first-base coach, threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the ALDS against the Yankees on Thursday. Twenty years earlier he hit one of the biggest postseason home runs in Indians' history, against Mariano Rivera, to eliminate the Yankees from the ALDS.
Alomar's father, Sandy Sr., served as a Mets coach under managers Willie Randolph and Jerry Manuel.
The Mets could view Alomar Jr., a native of Puerto Rico, as somebody who would connect with the team's Latin players. And the fact he is a former catcher can only help as the Mets continue to make the organization's young pitchers the focal point of next season.
Alomar spent 2008-09 with the Mets as a catching instructor before taking a coaching position with the Indians.
McEwing interviewed with the Tigers in recent days for their managerial vacancy and also could be a fit for the Phillies. Cora could also be a candidate for the Tigers job, and potentially the Red Sox should they dump manager John Farrell.
Geren, the Dodgers bench coach, is most familiar to Alderson after spending four seasons as Terry Collins' top lieutenant. Geren interviewed for the Dodgers' managerial vacancy following the 2015 season — the job went to Dave Roberts — but settled for the bench coach job in part because he wanted a return to his West Coast roots. Geren has previous managerial experience, with the Athletics, and is well-respected for his understanding of analytics. But he also had a communication breakdown that led to relievers Huston Street and Brian Fuentes publicly criticizing him.
Cora, the Astros bench coach, is also analytics savvy, and the native of Puerto Rico would also likely connect strongly with the team's Latin players, which shouldn't be discounted given the importance of Yoenis Cespedes and Amed Rosario to the club.
Long, the Mets hitting coach, has never managed above Single-A, but appeals to team officials because of his communication skills and the respect he receives in the clubhouse. Long is unsigned beyond Oct. 31, but Alderson has indicated he would expect the hitting coach to return if not offered the manager's job.
Ventura played for the Mets from 1999-2001 and spent five seasons managing the White Sox, but four times his teams finished fourth or lower in the AL Central.
Hale, a former Mets third base coach, was a finalist for the job when Collins was hired, following the 2010 season. Hale later spent two seasons managing the Diamondbacks.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some schools across the Midlands have taken the decision to close today.
While the snow has stopped, it has left behind icy pavements and roads that are dangerous.
These Sandwell schools are closed.
St Mary Magdalene Primary and Temple Meadow Primary School are both closed to pupils. This was the update from 7.20am and more could follow. I will bring you them as they are announced.
(Image: Coventry Telegraph)
These Birmingham schools are closed
Calthorpe Academy off Darwin Street in Highgate is closed because the car park is too dangerous.
Welsh House Farm Community School in Quinton is closed.
Holly Hill School and pre-school provision in Rednal is closed.
Balaam Wood School in Frankley is closed today too.
Hodge Hill Girls' School, off Bromford Road, is closed.
How do schools decide whether to close the doors as a result of the weather?
With the Beast from the East 2 bringing heavy snow and icy winds to the West Midlands , we wanted to take a look at the factors that enter the equation.
Schools have to assess a number of factors before closing the doors for the day, according to the Stoke Sentinel .
The state of pathways, steps and slopes around the school; Condition of roads and pathways in the local area; If the school's heating, lighting and water is working correctly; Whether catering can be provided; Availability of public transport and school coaches; The weather forecast. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Schools may also need to close due to other unforeseen circumstances such as heating failure, or a burst water pipe.
Click here to see if your school's affected.
Below is the list of closures from Councils in the West Midlands
This links below are updated constantly by the councils, so keep it bookmarked to find out what is going on.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Birmingham Council : School closure page
Sandwell school closures : School closure list and more on Facebook or Twitter
Solihull Council : School closures published on Twitter
Shropshire Council : School closure list , with more information on its Twitter feed.
Telford and Wrekin council : School closures with more information on its Twitter feed.
Beast from the East: Commuters brave sub-zero temperatures but fear the journey home
Staffordshire County Council : School closures , with more information on its Twitter feed.
Herefordshire Council : School Closure Page and also the latest updates on their Twitter feed.
Dudley Council : School closure page
Walsall Council : School closures list
Wolverhampton City Council : School closures list and Facebook Page
Worcestershire County Council : School closures
Warwickshire County Council : Twitter feed
The son of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been killed while trying to attack a power station in the Syrian province of Homs, the terror group's propaganda news agency announced.
Hudhayfah al-Badri and other jihadists were fighting Russian forces and Assad regime troops during an assault on the station, the UK's Telegraph reported, citing the Amaq agency.
Al-Badri was killed in an “operation against the Nussayriyyah and the Russians at the thermal power station in Homs,” the group said in a statement that included a photo of a young man clutching an assault rifle.
Nussayriyyah is the term used by ISIS for the Alawite religious minority sect of President Bashar al-Assad.
The statement, which identified the man as “the son of the caliph,” did not say when he was killed.
ISIS declared a cross-border “caliphate” in Syria and Iraq in 2014, seizing a third of Iraq during a sweeping offensive — but the jihadists have since lost much ground to Syrian and Iraqi forces as well as US-led operations.
According to the ISIS statement, al-Badri was killed during an “inghimasi operation,” usually an attack where jihadists fight for as long as they can with guns and grenades.
The attacks usually end either with the assailants being killed or killing themselves with suicide vests.
The whereabouts of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi – whose real name is Ibrahim Awwad Ibrahim al-Badri – are unknown, but the message from the ISIS news agency implied he was still alive, the BBC reported.
The elder Baghdadi — who has a $25 million bounty on his head — has not been heard from since September 2017, when he urged supporters to launch attacks against the West and keep fighting in Syria and Iraq.
He has been reported killed or wounded on several occasions.
With Post wires
/ Front page / News
FROM the known breeding sites for kawakawa and donu in Fiji, 70 per cent have either declined or gone.
A survey conducted by University of Hong Kong biologist Professor Yvonne Sadovy and the Ministry of Fisheries in 2015 also revealed a 70 per cent decline in grouper catches over the past.
According to the survey, 18 per cent of the breeding sites were labelled as dead.
"Close to nine per cent of breeding sites were labelled as healthy sites," the survey revealed.
The survey revealed that there was a dire need to raise awareness on these facts and to let people know of the reality behind the existence of these species.
Meanwhile, a statement from Scott Radway director of cChange Fiji, founders of the 4FJ Campaign launched to create awareness on the protection of the fish species, said they had received wide public support.
Mr Radway said 95 per cent of those surveyed in Suva area reported that they would be "very willing" to give up eating kawakawa and donu during its peak breeding season after learning it would help them recover from overfishing.
"This spawning season we are asking individuals from all walks of life to pledge not to eat, buy or sell kawakawa and donu from June through September, their peak breeding months.
"Kawakawa and donu are an important source of food and income for Fiji communities, but it has been rapidly declining in recent years, making it harder and harder to catch," he said.
Mr Radway said the 4FJ campaign was supported by a dynamic partnership between the private sector, research institutions, government departments, non-government organisations and communities.
"The government set out to first raise awareness about the decline of these fish and build wide support for the solutions," he said.
ROCK SPRINGS — Chief Dwane Pacheco and the Rock Springs Police Department would like to remind the community of several safety practices with the new academic year starting August 21, 2017, for Sweetwater County School District #1.
RSPD advises citizens to use caution when traveling through the city and neighborhoods and there will be children walking and buses traveling as kids go to and from school.
Please “SLOW DOWN” in school zones and near crosswalks. Please remember to yield to children/parents in crosswalks. When a pedestrian is in a crosswalk they have the right-of-way. During the school year, there will be increased enforcements in these areas. Remember to pay attention to speed signs as there may be a school zone that you are not aware of.
Finally, it is imperative to stop for school buses in both directions when red lights are flashing. Passing a school bus not only endangers children but also carries a large fine of $410.
Please allow extra time while driving through Rock Springs in order to account for school buses and school zones.
Intro
BBC Match of the Day MOTD
Saturday 12 August 2017
Gary Lineker introduces highlights from the Premier League's opening weekend, including Watford v Liverpool, Chelsea v Burnley, Everton v Stoke, Crystal Palace v Huddersfield, Southampton v Swansea, West Brom v Bournemouth and Brighton and Hove Albion v Manchester City, as well as Friday night's curtain-raiser between Arsenal and Leicester.
Watch video!
He spent six months on the International Space Station. French astronaut Thomas Pesquet is a celebrity at home and known the world over for his mission hundreds of kilometres above Earth.
And now, just over a year after arriving back on solid ground, he's been inspiring the next generation to reach for the stars - sharing his out-of-this-world experiences with school children at the Euro Space Centre in Belgium.
"The most fantastic time of my life"
Reflecting on his time in space, Pesquet told Euronews correspondent Damon Embling: "It was the most fantastic time of my life. Seen from orbit, the Earth is so small and tiny and isolated and that's what we can't really understand, what we can't grapple when we're here on Earth.
"Going out the door, in a space suit, for a space walk, that was fantastic. Hanging on the outside of the ISS, just by two fingers and watching below my feet 450 kilometres of void. That was the most extreme experience I ever had."
"I could smell the cologne of the people"
Pesquet - an astronaut with the European Space Agency (ESA) - also remembers clearly how his senses went crazy went he came back to earth in a Soyuz capsule in June 2017.
"I was very happy, very relieved. I was not feeling very good physically because coming back to Earth after six months without feeling the effects of gravity is very difficult," he said.
"But actually though the feeling is like everything had been put to maximum, like the smells. I could smell the cologne of the people, picking me up from the capsule. The colours, the contrasts, everything was put to maximum. That's the kind of feeling I had when coming back to Earth."
"There is a huge potential of dream"
Thomas' passion for space clearly left a mark on his young audience in Belgium.
One boy said: "I really liked Thomas and he inspires me to want to go to space, because it looks incredible. You are floating in the air and I really want to do that."
A girl added: "I think this was really great because he went to space. And when we enter another universe, it's good. I also want to do it."
Pesquet takes pride in sharing his experiences with young people, encouraging them to realise their "dream."
"We manage to inspire young people across Europe, mostly in France yes, but all across Europe which is good, because there is a huge potential of dream in what we do in space," he said.
"This is not only something very dry, very technical, very scientific, this also has the potential to inspire people to achieve their dreams and go out and try hard and try to do their best. And I would certainly encourage them to do so."
Another space mission?
So what is next for Thomas Pesquet? Will he head back to space again for another mission?
"It takes a huge amount of work on the ground to make some people fly to space, so now I am doing my part and I will continue to do so until maybe they call my number again, in which case I'll be the happiest young man on Earth," he said.
"We have the ISS until 2024 at least, because everybody committed, so I am hoping before that date I get a second chance, maybe if I stay healthy."
AT THEJOURNAL.IE, WE'VE built a reputation on trusted storytelling, innovation and inspiration.
Every day, we bring you the news that matters, reaching you wherever you are. Our focus on getting to the heart of a story has made us Ireland's main online news source, according to the Reuters Institute.
Now we're launching a brand-new platform in the form of our first ever podcast. Brought to you by TheJournal.ie and Volkswagen, Future Stories is our monthly take on what the future might look like, one topic and one episode at a time.
This month, eating with your eyes and ears – and a look at the future of taste.
Can you make a dessert seem sweeter just by serving it on a different coloured plate? Does wine seem more flavoursome when you're listening to classical music? And is it really possible to trick your brain into thinking stale crisps are fresh?
We dive into what's next for taste, heading to Dublin's Hang Dai Chinese, where music and lighting play as much of a part in the dining experience as the food does.
Plus, we speak to Professor Barry Smith, the founding director of the Centre for the Study of the Senses at the University of London and one of Europe's leading voices on the science of taste.
Want to listen? Check out episode one below, and subscribe on Apple Podcasts here for updates on all our new episodes.
Source: Journal Media/SoundCloud
The Future Stories podcast runs alongside our fortnightly editorial series, Future Focus, in partnership with Volkswagen.
Up there on the northern tip of the island, the hero sits. He looks through a window of the new house they found up an unmarked track off a winding road mile out of town well away from everyone. The hero fidgets, smokes, jokes, mocks your knowledge, challenges questions, questions perceptions, gets cantankerous, agrees, laughs, talks on. Harry Gregg is all Irishmen; Harry Gregg is a singular Irishman. Harry Gregg is the hero.
Not that he wants to be, not that he ever wanted to be. But hero he is, even as he dismisses the term up there near Castlerock on the Derry coast.
They moved house recently, Carolyn and Harry, further from the crowd. Yet as each year turns and February looms, the calls come again. Harry is asked once more to revisit the grim runway at Munich-Riem airport on February 6th 1958.
He was 25 then, 85 now. His life was in front of him: he had just been transferred from Doncaster Rovers for £23,500 - a world record fee for a goalkeeper - and was bubbling with enthusiasm. He was no longer the anxious boy let go by Linfield.
It was December 1957 and Matt Busby and his assistant Jimmy Murphy were knocking on the door of 69 Chestnut Avenue, Doncaster. This was the home of Gregg's own hero, Peter Doherty.
Doherty was the charismatic genius player from Magherafelt who became the charismatic genius manager of Northern Ireland. He managed Doncaster, too.
“I'd to go to Peter Doherty's house,” Gregg said to me on a visit a couple of years ago. “There was a knock at the door - and who walked in? Matt and Jimmy Murphy. Peter's exact words were: ‘Right, Matt, the boy's ready to sign!'
“It was a world record. Matt said: ‘Hold on, I want to talk to the boy.' He said to me: ‘Son, we don't pay any money [signing-on fee], do you still want to join Manchester United?' I said: ‘Yes, I do.'
“If I'd been born a rich man, I'd have paid to join Manchester United. ”
Gregg was joining the champions of England, a club seeking a third consecutive league title, a squad destined for Belgrade in the European Cup quarter-finals. This was the team to be in and he was strengthening it. He was a player, all right, and sometimes players like reminders of their talent, not the other stuff. Harry kept a clean sheet on his United debut four days before Christmas 1957. It matters to him and it mattered to Busby. A serious manager requires a serious goalkeeper.
Details like these are obscured when there is so much angst. But talk to Harry Gregg and he takes you back to other parts of his life, to Doncaster, to Coleraine. He is more than one day.
He was 20 when he left the Irish League, a religious young man with a Catholic mother, Isobel, and a “very, very Protestant” father, William, a job in carpentry and an eye on England. Harry was Church of Ireland, a regular, a man of faith. He lived with his mother, his father left.
“Then I was told Peter Doherty was coming to my house,” he recalled. “I went home and put on my Sunday suit. I'd already said to my mother it might be the last chance I get.
Grown up
“I was transferred to the great Peter Doherty. I was 20 and thought I'd grown up. I was in digs with a lady called Mrs. Rhodes on Fairfax Road. I was with a big lad from Dundalk called Paddy Gavin. He was older than me. I was quiet and shy - until someone pushed me.
“Paddy had served his time as a joiner as well. He told me that if you could speak Gaelic you got £750 towards building a house. So ‘Henry' Gregg - me - from Coleraine Model went to the library and got a book. I taught myself to speak Irish, well some Irish. I learned a fair bit with Paddy Gavin.”
The conversation zigzagged. “Matt,” Gregg said of Busby, “was a very, very bad speaker, not confident. Two fingers on the treatment table in the middle in the dressing room: ‘If you weren't good enough, you wouldn't be here. Up together, back together, God bless.' And off he went to get a big whiskey.
“Eventually Matt became a better speaker.”
Pointing to a line-up, Harry said: “See that man there? Johnny Carey. The most beautiful human being. Of all time.
“What did he do? He joined the British Army and had the whole of his country against him. I loved Johnny Carey. The last time I saw him, he was reading meters around Sale. The great Johnny Carey, reading meters.”
Gregg switched from the brilliance of Gerd Muller to the joy of Charlie Tully to the importance of Willy Meisl's book ‘Soccer Revolution'; from the influence of the Masonic Lodge in northern England to being nutmegged by “a child called George Best”. And on to how a Servite priest sang ‘Liverpool Lou' to Gregg's two daughters following the death of Harry's first wife, Mavis.
Harry Gregg in action for Manchester United during the 1958 FA Cup final. Photograph: Inpho
It is another piece of the man. Mavis was diagnosed with cancer in 1961 and died in January 1962, less than four years after Munich.
At the same time a bad shoulder injury was threatening Gregg's career. In his 2002 autobiography, Harry's Game, he said he was on a “downward spiral”, “walking the streets in a daze.” He lost his religion then. He was angry, volatile.
He can be, still.
In the basement of the previous house were Harry's diaries. He became manager of Shrewsbury in 1968, then Swansea four years later. He pulled out a diary at random - the entry from the day he rang Busby from Swansea to try to sign Best. It didn't happen.
The names, the dates, the events, they make a meeting with Harry Gregg a profound experience. You are in the company of history.
What he did not wish to dwell on is February 6th 1958. He knows what occurred and has been infuriated over the years by the mythology around Munich. He was made resentful by the ‘official' United response.
Gregg knows the facts. He was there. What we know is that in the midst of the disaster he went back into the wreckage of the plane and rescued four people - Verena Lukic and her baby Vesna, and teammates Bobby Charlton and Dennis Viollet.
That's why he is the hero even if he doesn't want to be. That's why George Best wrote in the foreword to Harry's Game: “Harry, you're my hero - and I mean that.”
Memorial
And that's why it is significant that Harry will be in Manchester on Tuesday for the 60th anniversary memorial.
It will be troubling, emotional. He and Charlton are the two remaining survivors and a distance grew between them across the decades. It has closed a little recently, two former teammates concerned about the health of another, Nobby Stiles.
So for an afternoon, Harry will be back at Old Trafford, back in 1958.
It is hard to get away from that year. Gregg has never wanted to be defined by ‘58 but it was the year his name was imprinted upon a national, and international, consciousness. Of Munich, Best said: “What Harry did that night was about more than just bravery. It was about goodness.”
This is our shared view. Harry plays it down and says sometimes he is not an easy man. That's immaterial. What he did at Munich was not.
Harry Gregg and Bobby Charlton at a memorial service for the 50th anniversary of the Munich Air Disaster. Photograph: John Peters/Getty
February 6th 1958 was 46 days after his United debut. Four months later the most expensive goalkeeper in the world confirmed that status in Sweden with Northern Ireland at the World Cup. The 17 Irishmen, including two injured, excelled. Gregg was named in the team of the tournament. He was alongside Pele, Garrincha, Raymond Kopa. The best in the world.
Danny Blanchflower made that world XI too. Gregg told a story from the tournament involving Blanchflower.
“Danny held my hand. I'm sitting at the World Cup in Sweden with this intellectual and all of a sudden he reaches across the white plastic table and took my hand.
“Now I'm from Coleraine, he's a big-head from Belfast. Danny says to me: ‘You don't have to fight people any more.'
“In my head I thought he was taking the piss. ‘What are you talking about?' I said.
“'You have a crown on your head,' he said, ‘you are the best, you don't have to fight.'
“That man read me like a book. Most of my life had been spent fighting. He saw it.”
PINELLAS COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – The Department of Juvenile Justice is proposing to make changes to the Detention Risk Assessment Instrument, a scorecard that could determine how long a teen is detained.
Law enforcement agencies have asked department heads to look at the tool and update the system, which has hasn't changed in nearly three decades.
Officials believe this would help crack down on teen car thefts.
“The Florida Department of Juvenile Justice will convene a meeting of the 2017 Detention Risk Assessment Instrument Committee to evaluate proposed revisions to the Detention Risk Assessment Instrument (DRAI). Based on the latest data and research, the proposed DRAI focuses on detaining this youth who pose the highest risk to public safety and continues the work we are doing to transform our juvenile justice system through innovative and aggressive reform,” said Secretary Christina K. Daly
Toby Anderson is back at work and working through the pain, after he was struck by four teens in a stolen vehicle in St. Petersburg, nearly two weeks ago.
“I still have a broken hand and my back. I have a pulled muscle in my back.”
Police said one of the teens involved also stole a car last year.
It's a cycle that continues to repeat itself in Pinellas County.
Sheriff Bob Gualtieri is participating in the revision of the DRAI.
“The current Department of Juvenile Justice scoring instrument has not been updated in the last 30 years and I look forward to helping revise the instrument to better reflect current crime trends and have better results,” the sheriff said in a statement.
Teens have died in several car theft crashes over the last year.
In the majority of the cases, some of the teens were repeat offenders.
“They feel like they can get away with a lot,” said Anderson.
Florida Senator Darryl Rouson said he applauds the DJJ for looking to make changes, but said locking teens up won't solve the problem.
“If the update only increases punishment of lockup time, then what have we really gained? I don't think it solves the problem to lock a kid up longer or deters an auto theft if they think that they're not going to get programs or services, all they're going to get is punishment,” he said.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Almost 88 per cent of Ireland's publicly-quoted companies reported earnings in recent months that either met or beat markets expectations, despite initial fears following the Brexit referendum that some companies would disappoint investors.
However, a Merrion Capital review of earnings season across 33 Irish companies highlighted that baked goods producer Aryzta, Ryanair, Tullow Oil and financial services company IFG Group posted results that missed expectations.
On average, companies analysed delivered 8 per cent earnings per share growth despite a slump in sterling against the euro impacting many companies.
CRH, Kerry Group, Grafton, Greencore, Cairn Homes and FBD Holdings were among 16 quoted companies whose EPS beat forecasts as most groups reported full-year results.
The Iseq index reached a 15-month high of 6,750.78 points last week, some 6 per cent above where the gauge was immediately before the Brexit referendum last June, which triggered a 17 per cent slump in Irish shares over the course of a few days.
Domestic consumption
“The Irish economy continues to deliver robust economic growth led by domestic consumption and higher employment in the first quarter of 2017,” said David Holohan, chief investment officer at Merrion Capital, in a report issued to clients last week.
“Despite the above-average gross domestic product growth, the Iseq has underperformed other European markets given investor concerns about a knock-on effect to Brexit.”
Irish Continental Group, which posted a 11 per cent surge in operating earnings to a record €83.5 million last year to meet analysts' expectations, is the top performing stock in the Iseq 10 index of the country's largest public companies so far this year. Shares in the Brexit-sensitive company have surged 17 per cent since the end of December, to recover some of the ground lost after the UK referendum on EU membership.
Agri-services group Origin Enterprises, food companies Glanbia and Kerry Group, and insurer FBD round off the list of top five performers on the index, gaining between 15.7 per cent and 16.8 per cent each.
Aryzta, which issued a profit warning in January and has since seen its top executives depart, has fared the worst on the market, with its shares having declined by 27.2 per cent, almost twice the pace of the decline seen at Permanent TSB.
Cider and beer maker C&C Group, building materials giant CRH, bookmaker Paddy Power and commercial property firm Green Reit have lost between 0.9 per cent and 4.3 per cent of their value so far in 2017.
Seattle Police officers stood just outside Costco's back door waiting for a group of thieves to emerge on March 14, 2018. According to a statement from Seattle Police, “Loss Prevention officers inside the store recognized one of the suspects inside and said he had previously stolen items in the past and run out the fire exit.” Officers began to question a woman parked behind an emergency exit when they heard someone trying to open the emergency doors from inside the store. They then apprehended two additional suspects attempting to leave the store with roughly $2,200 in merchandise. One 30-year-old man, an 18-year-old woman, and a 21-year-old woman were all arrested in the incident.
THERMOPOLIS — The Thermopolis Police Department is looking for Jeremy Breeden, a Kansas man suspected of attempted first-degree murder.
He is considered armed and dangerous. DO NOT APPROACH.
If seen or anyone with any knowledge of his whereabouts call the Thermopolis Police Department immediately at 307-864-3114 or dial 911.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
The Thermopolis Police Department has advised for people to lock your doors and cars. ANY SUSPICIOUS PERSON CALL IT IN ASAP.
SALEM, Ore. (AP) – Two members of the state land board voted to sell Oregon's oldest state forest, while a third member, Gov. Kate Brown, insisted it remain in public hands.
Amid Tuesday's vote on the Elliott State Forest in the Department of State Lands, Brown took to Twitter to rally public support for her position. She said on Oregon's 158th birthday, it was important to come together to keep the Elliott State Forest in public hands. Voting for selling were state Treasurer Tobias Read and Secretary of State Dennis Richardson.
The vote did not appear to be a final decision on the fate of the 82,500-acre forest. An official said Brown asked the lands director to present other options for public ownership at the next land board meeting.
Internet Retailer finds consumers want experiences tailored to their preferences, but most retailers have yet to deliver
SAN MATEO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Reflektion, the leading unified engagement platform for brands worldwide, today announced findings of new research and a consumer survey commissioned with Internet Retailer. Based on results from the top 100 North American online retailers as ranked by their web sales and a national survey of more than 500 consumers -- Digital Personalization: The Missed Opportunity -- found that fewer than half of retailers are successfully using even the most basic personalization techniques, while even less are using advanced techniques to customize shopping experience.
"Consumers want intuitive, personal digital store experiences, yet many of the major eCommerce players are missing the mark by relying on basic strategies that broadly target customer bases," said Kurt Heinemann, chief marketing officer, Reflektion. "This report illustrates the widening gap that exists between consumer expectations and eCommerce realities and highlights strategies from retailers doing personalization right and generating significant revenue as a result."
Today's Consumers Expect Brands to Know Their Preferences
According to the findings, retailers who figure out how to replicate in-store experiences on the web, serve up relevant products and offer services akin to personal shopping online can benefit the most. Unfortunately, online retailers have a long way to go to deliver on the promise of giving consumers what they want.
Findings from the consumer survey showed:
Top merchants are struggling with personalization. Nearly half of respondents said it's important for retailers to consider their browsing history and online purchases when customizing marketing for them.
Nearly half of respondents said it's important for retailers to consider their browsing history and online purchases when customizing marketing for them. More interactive search methods top consumers' wish lists. One in five consumers are interested in using voice or photo search, but not a single top 100 retailer extended either option to shoppers through primary eCommerce sites.
One in five consumers are interested in using voice or photo search, but not a single top 100 retailer extended either option to shoppers through primary eCommerce sites. Shoppers want product recommendations; retailers win by grabbing extra revenue. Shopper sentiment toward related products is resoundingly positive as more than half (55.7%) enjoy seeing related products, 64.2% expect to see related products and 60.2% of respondents purchased a related product with great frequency.
Retailers Must Learn to Deliver on Consumer Expectations
Additional key findings show retailers must design a brand experience to create the most engaging and relevant moment for shoppers at any given point of engagement. Findings from the report indicate the following:
Retailers must tailor "recommended products" to consumers. Only about four in every 10 e-retailers offered recommended products on their home pages that were updated based on a shopper's browsing behavior.
Only about four in every 10 e-retailers offered recommended products on their home pages that were updated based on a shopper's browsing behavior. Consumers' preferences are falling through the cracks and being forgotten. One-third of retailers presented targeted home page product recommendations to a returning shopper before the shopper logged in during a second site visit. That number still was less than half even after logging in.
One-third of retailers presented targeted home page product recommendations to a returning shopper before the shopper logged in during a second site visit. That number still was less than half even after logging in. Retailers are losing sight of the individual when they shop across multiple devices. Just 17 percent of home pages on retailers' mobile sites featured personalized product recommendations based on shoppers' browsing behavior from two prior desktop site visits while logged in under the same account.
Just 17 percent of home pages on retailers' mobile sites featured personalized product recommendations based on shoppers' browsing behavior from two prior desktop site visits while logged in under the same account. Limited site search capabilities are degrading the customer experience. The vast majority of retailers relied heavily on basic keyword terms to itemize search results and didn't accurately guess what a shopper might be looking for based on browsing history. One-third of retailers' search bars utilized visuals with product thumbnails in suggested results as shoppers typed a query.
The vast majority of retailers relied heavily on basic keyword terms to itemize search results and didn't accurately guess what a shopper might be looking for based on browsing history. One-third of retailers' search bars utilized visuals with product thumbnails in suggested results as shoppers typed a query. Retailers are missing out on consumers who visit but don't buy. One-quarter of retailers sent shoppers a site-abandonment email after a visitor viewed products but ended the session without buying. Just under half of retailers sent shoppers a cart-abandonment email after they added an item to their shopping cart but didn't complete the purchase.
"Despite the fact that eCommerce represents the most data-rich environment ever seen, brands still aren't doing a solid job at digital personalization," Heinemann said. "It's an era of retailers being challenged economically, and this is leaving hundreds of millions of dollars in incremental revenue on the floor."
Silver Lining: Some Retailers are Getting it Right
The study spotlights retailers like O'Neill Clothing, a surf, snow and youth lifestyle brand, which found success with an individualized approach to customer engagement that accounts for distinct qualities and preferences. By reimagining their site search functionality as a merchandising opportunity, using everything they know about each customer, O'Neill boosted conversion rate by 26 percent, average order size by 17 percent and page views by 62 percent.
For a link to the full study, visit http://pages.reflektion.com/l/82592/2017-04-11/d1fbjb
Methodology
Internet Retailer collected and analyzed data on the top 100 online retailers by visiting each of their eCommerce sites three times, including once on a mobile device and with at least 24 hours between visits. In addition, Internet Retailer surveyed more than 500 consumers from a representative sample of various genders, ages, ethnicities, geographic region and income levels.
About Reflektion
Reflektion's unified engagement platform understands and influences the intent of each customer in real time and instantly delivers the most relevant content across the touchpoints that matter most - including Web, merchandising, site search and email. Reflektion's platform is driving dramatic growth and revenue increases for the world's best brands, such as Disney, TOMS, Marmot, Sur la Table and Godiva.
Founded in 2012 by pioneers in deep learning, Reflektion is bringing the strength of artificial intelligence to bear on the retail and eCommerce industry. Its platform uniquely combines individual shopper insights, product intelligence and deep learning to create more intimate and impactful commerce experiences.
Reflektion is backed by leading investors including Battery Ventures, Hasso Plattner Ventures, Clear Ventures and Intel Capital.
On Friday night fans from around the world poured into the bold and bitterly cold north, but the freezing conditions haven't seemed to slow down the party.
Watch the above video for more from NBC's Jay Gray.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
US vice-president Mike Pence reassured Japan of America's commitment to reining in North Korea's nuclear and missile ambitions on Tuesday, after warning that US strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the strength of its resolve.
Mr Pence arrived in Tokyo from South Korea, where he assured leaders of an “iron-clad” alliance with the United States in the face of the reclusive North, which has conducted a series of missile and nuclear tests in defiance of UN sanctions.
North Korea regularly threatens to destroy Japan, South Korea and the United States and it showed no let-up in its belligerence after a failed missile test on Sunday, a day after putting on a huge display of missiles in Pyongyang.
“The era of strategic patience is over and while all options are on the table, president Trump is determined to work closely with Japan, with South Korea, with all our allies in the region and with China to achieve a peaceable resolution and the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula” Mr Pence said in Tokyo before lunch with prime minister Shinzo Abe.
“We appreciate the challenging time in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocation across the Sea of Japan. We are with you 100 per cent,” he said.
Mr Pence and Mr Abe agreed they needed to persuade China to play a larger role in dealing with North Korea, a Japanese government spokesman said.
North Korea's deputy representative to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, accused the United States on Monday of creating “a situation where nuclear war could break out an any time” and said the North's next nuclear test would take place “at a time and at a place where our headquarters deems necessary”.
Missile tests
North Korea's vice-foreign minister Han Song-Ryol told the BBC missiles would be tested on “a weekly, monthly and yearly basis”.
South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, told a cabinet meeting on Tuesday that South Korea would strengthen its alliance with the United States and closely co-operate with China to rein in North Korea.
“We should stay on our toes to protect our territory and people's lives,” Mr Hwang said.
The North has warned of a nuclear strike against the US if provoked. It has said it has developed a missile that can strike the mainland United States, but officials and experts believe it is some time away from mastering the necessary technology, including miniaturising a nuclear warhead.
Mr Pence said on Monday the world had seen US president Donald Trump's resolve in the past two weeks, with a US missile attack on a Syrian airfield and the dropping of a powerful non-nuclear bomb on Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan.
“North Korea would do well not to test his resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region,” Mr Pence said.
The Trump administration has said military action remains an option for dealing with North Korea.
But, mindful that this would likely trigger massive retaliation and casualties in South Korea and Japan, US officials say the administration's main focus is on tougher economic sanctions.
Mr Trump, asked on Monday if he was considering military action, told Fox News Channel he did not want to “telegraph” his plans, like the previous administration had done.
US officials say tougher sanctions could include an oil embargo, a global ban on North Korea's airline, intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang. They also say greater Chinese co-operation is vital.
Reuters
By Suzan Edeh
Bauchi—Former Bauchi State governor, Isa Yuguda, and his supporters have joined the Green Party of Nigeria, GPN. He left Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, about two years ago.
Spokesperson and former Commissioner for Information to the former Governor, Salisu Barau, who disclosed this while briefing newsmen yesterday, said the former governor announced his decision to join the party at a meeting held in Jos last Saturday.
According to him, “in that meeting, Isa Yuguda announced to the gathering of the people that, based on the recommendations of stakeholders of the state, he has made up his mind on the political party that he wants to join. He then came out with an idea of joining a party called Green Party of Nigeria.
“A meeting in Jos came up after series of consultations with Yuguda's supporters in Bauchi State and across the country. The series of consultations among the spectrum of supporters, which include elders, youths, women and others, gave room to what transpired in Jos.”
Barau informed that a committee headed by Alhaji Umaru Dahiru was formed for wider consultations on the next move by the former governor and his supporters.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County got back to winning ways in the Championship with a 3-0 win over Brentford at Pride Park.
Tom Huddlestone netted his first goal for the Rams, with January signing Cameron Jerome adding a second before half time.
Gary Rowett's side were awarded a penalty in the final minutes, and Matej Vydra stepped up to put Derby 3-0 up with his 16th league goal of the season.
The Derby Telegraph's chief football writer Steve Nicholson was at Pride Park, and has handed out his player ratings for each of the Rams players.
Scott Carson - 7
Two good saves second half when it was 2-0.
Andre Wisdom - 7
Another strong performance at right back.
Richard Keogh - 7
Important block from Dalsgaard with 12 minutes left. Another good performance.
Curtis Davies - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Marvellous consistency, quietly gets on with his job.
Marcus Olsson - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Got forward from left back to supplement attacks, combined well with Anya.
Tom Huddlestone - 8
(Image: Andy Clarke)
First goal for the club and controlled matters in midfield. Classy, sprayed passes around. Did he give the ball away?
George Thorne - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Steady display, comfortable on the ball.
Tom Lawrence - 6
Looks a little short of confidence at the minute. Got to play through lean spell. Just needs to keep things simple at the moment.
Matej Vydra - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Had to cope with some close attention from his marker, Ryan Woods, but still a threat all game. 17th goal of the season.
Ikechi Anya - 8
Given this was his first start in the League this season he takes credit. A lively, energetic, pacy performance.
He was positive, took on his marker at every opportunity and it was refreshing to see a player willing to take on a defender on the outside. Fitness levels good considering how little first-team football he has played.
Cameron Jerome - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Deserved his first start, grabbed his first goal for the club and a good all-round display for an hour. Offers strength and a turn of pace as the focal point of the attack.
Sam Winnall (for Jerome, 63) - 7
Won the penalty from which Vydra scored.
Joe Ledley (for Thorne, 79) N/A
Kasey Palmer (for Anya, 90) N/A
REDMOND, Ore. (AP) – The city of Redmond, Oregon, seeks more than $60,000 in a lawsuit filed against a tree-removal company that accidentally cut down a massive spruce in March.
The Bulletin newspaper reports the spruce near City Hall was supposed to become the city's annual Christmas tree after the completion of a park expansion.
Company owner Wade Fagen says the removal was an honest mistake and criticized the city for taking legal action.
A property management company had asked Fagen Tree & Chips to remove a spruce that had a root problem. Fagen says an employee accidentally went to a property three blocks to the east, where he encountered a similar spruce tree with tape and cones around it.
Keith Leitz, the city's human resources director, says the tree was marked to prevent it from being removed during the expansion.
—
Information from: The Bulletin, http://www.bendbulletin.com
Las Vegas ranked as one of the top travel destinations for Memorial Day weekend, according to AAA. The other destinations included Orlando, Seattle, Honolulu, and Anchorage.
AAA estimates 41.5 million Americans will travel nationwide over the upcoming holiday weekend, a growth of nearly five percent compared to last year.
"The highest gas prices since 2014 won't keep Americans home this Memorial Day weekend, and many will be traveling to Las Vegas," a spokesperson for AAA said.
36.6 million travelers are expected to hit the road and 3.1 million will travel by air, according to AAA.
AAA predicts drivers will experience the most congestion on roadways on May 24 and May 25, in the late afternoon. Motorists will experience the most expensive Memorial Day gas prices since 2014. Nevada gas prices are nearly 60 cents higher than last year.
Travelers will have some relief in their wallets with lower hotel, airline, and rental car costs, according to AAA.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The North Island Medical Health Officer says a lot of lessons have been learned in the year since a public health emergency was declared in BC.
This weekend marked the one year anniversary since the emergency was declared, following a spike in overdose deaths.
Doctor Charmaine Enns says one thing the crisis has done is shed light on the issue of hidden drug use in our communities.
Enns says while the overdose deaths are continuing health officials know the numbers would have been much higher had prevention measures not been mobilized as quickly as they were.
She says the crisis has also opened the opportunity to have broader conversations about the stereotypes and stigma around substance abuse.
Reports are saying Nick Cannon says he wants out of hosting America's Got Talent.
( DJ Sight ) Supposedly, the powers to be at NBC threaten the fire Cannon over a joke he did on his Showtime comedy special.
The people at NBC won't let him walk off that easy with out a fight in court.
Papua New Guinea will ban Facebook for one month so it can analyse the effects of the website on its residents and to take down fake profiles. The Post Courier reports Communication Minister Sam Basil says “The time will allow information to be collected to identify users that hide behind fake accounts, users that upload pornographic images, users that post false and misleading information on Facebook to be filtered and removed." Around 10% of people in Papua New Guinea have internet access but Basil emphasised: "We cannot allow the abuse of Facebook to continue in the country".
Board members of the Gay and Lesbian Equality Network (Glen) are to meet the Charities Regulator this week over allegations of financial mismanagement made by its outgoing executive director.
Áine Duggan, whose resignation after seven months in the post takes effect this week, has said a full audit of the charity's finances is needed to establish whether any funds were misappropriated.
Glen has said there is no reason to suspect any misappropriation of funds and is expected to seek an early finalisation of the audit when it meets the regulator.
However, according to Ms Duggan, who first raised the concerns about governance and financial management, no one can say “100 per cent” there was no misappropriation until the audit is completed.
The charity funded the Seanad election campaign of board member Kieran Rose last year after he was unable to open a bank account due to an out-of-date passport. He later reimbursed the charity for services provided, costing several thousand euros.
Separately, two staff members who allege they were bullied have been interviewed by an external investigator appointed by the charity. One resigned last month after a period of sick leave.
Grave issues
Ms Duggan told RTÉ's Morning Ireland that she became aware of grave issues and irregularities at the charity shortly after being appointed last October. She brought these to the attention of the board and recommended “corrective action”.
A big concern was that a number of financial transactions, totalling more than €60,000, were not being reported in the management accounts seen by the board, she said.
The board was also unaware of spending that had taken place on a political campaign and on Glen credit cards, she said. “People got into the habit of doing things without necessarily thinking about it, and that was all behaviour that needed to be corrected.”
Ms Duggan acknowledged the money used for a political campaign was later reimbursed, but added that the funds appear in a “side account”, rather than in the management accounts.
The use of financial transactions “off the books” went back a decade, she claimed. She said there was “complete agreement” on issues of concern when they were raised within the organisation.
Recent accounts
Asked why she was stepping down, Ms Duggan said the issues were of grave concern and Glen would be best served by the appointment of a consultant to steer the organisation through the current phase until it is “CEO-ready”.
Glen had a deficit of almost €92,000 in 2015, up from €71,000 the year before, according to the most recent accounts filed at the Companies Registration Office. Its reserves dropped from €317,000 to €225,000.
There were eight staff members in 2015, with one earning more than €60,000 and four earning over €50,000. Since then, two staff members have been made redundant and two more were not replaced after they left.
The biggest single source of funding was Chuck Feeney's Atlantic Philanthropies, which provided €150,000 in 2015 and €250,000 in 2014. Mr Feeney made his last grants last year, leaving a hole in the finances of Glen and many other charities. Glen also gets funding from the HSE, the National Office of Suicide Prevention and the Department of Education.
Ms Duggan succeeded Brian Sheehan as executive director last October when he left to become general secretary of the Social Democrats after nine years with the charity.
Minister for Communications Denis Naughten was struck by a car while cycling near his home in Co Roscommon on Monday.
He was brought by ambulance to Portiuncula Hospital in Ballinasloe, where he is currently being examined. However, his injuries are not believed to be serious.
Mr Naughten was cycling with his wife when the incident happened. His wife was uninjured.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Xia has knocked back another offer for a share of the control at Aston Villa.
It can be revealed that an American group bid £30m for 30 per-cent of the club last month - but it was flat-out rejected.
BirminghamLive understands that representatives from the group visited Villa Park and were hoping to play a part in rebuilding the club.
But despite looking for outside investment - and receiving an offer that matched his financial demands - Xia still turned it down.
That's now two serious bids rejected by the Chinese businessman.
Last week we revealed that an offer from a European group for 51 per-cent of control was also rejected.
It's understood that another consortium - who have been linked with a move for Villa before - also met with the current management team consisting of chief commercial officer Luke Organ and others last week.
There has been no formal offer, though.
It's understood that the American group, who placed a bid for 30 per-cent, were confident of getting the go-ahead.
They were also willing to discuss a potential takeover and offered up the promise of another £15m should promotion be achieved in two years.
Of course there were some proposals of their own.
One of those was to sell star performer Jack Grealish for no less than £40m - and use all of the incoming funds as operating capital.
They understand that the 22-year-old is the club's prized asset and actually want to keep him on board next season, but losing him for an exorbitant fee wouldn't be the worse thing to happen if the interest was there.
Xia, however - through his Villa Park representatives - declined the first offer, and that was as far as it got.
They haven't given up hope, though, and are expected to return with another offer later this week.
Meanwhile, as reported by BirminghamLive last week, two other parties remain keen.
They both have the funds available to invest heavily and continue to support the club in the quest for a return to the Premier League, however new owners would have to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations.
They are now in the process of drawing up their offers. Xia will then have a decision to make if the offers meet his demands.
MORE VILLA NEWS
Aston Villa's failure to defeat Fulham in the Championship play-off final was always going to lead to drastic changes at Villa Park - both on and off the field.
But the summer the club is experiencing so far is much worse than anyone could have imagined.
While Dr Tony Xia desperately seeks investment to ease the club's financial crisis, manager Steve Bruce is growing frustrated at being unable to sign transfer targets.
But it's the business of their rivals which will frustrate Villa fans most with another kick in the teeth edging closer.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Villa's local rivals West Bromwich Albion are bidding to make Sam Johnstone the first signing of Darren Moore's tenure as Hawthorns chief.
The 25-year-old goalkeeper has one year remaining on his contract at Manchester United and they're willing to sell him this summer.
Jose Mourinho always planned to sell Johnstone this summer - but the goalkeeper hoped he would be signing for Villa permanently.
The fact Villa can't afford to add Johnstone to their ranks permanently has left him with no choice but to assess his options.
Bruce is assessing his own goalkeeping options, but there are more pressing concerns at present.
Sanchez opens up
Colombia World Cup star Carlos Sanchez has cast light on the issue that blighted him as an Aston Villa player.
In an interview with the Mail on Sunday , the 32-year-old spoke of his unsettled time at Villa Park - and also discussed the death threats that followed his sending off in the South Americans' first match.
Sanchez and his compatriots recovered from that loss to Japan and now face an England team managed by former Villa defender Gareth Southgate for a place in the quarter finals.
Southgate had a rather more successful time in claret and blue - but then he didn't have to put up with the turmoil Sanchez did.
Sanchez joined Villa in a hail of publicity for £4.7m after the 2014 World Cup.
But he ended up playing just two of the four seasons he signed up for, managing just 56 appearances in the process, and when Villa were relegated he was sent on loan to Fiorentina.
He ended the last domestic season at Espanyol - and has a clear view of why he struggled in England.
(Image: Carl Court/Getty Images)
“The manager who wanted me and signed me, Paul Lambert, was there for just six months. In the next year-and-a-half, we changed managers five times. How do you work in such a situation?”
Lambert hoped Sanchez would be the defensive linchpin in midfield and insists he did well for him.
The midfielder's international manager Jose Pekerman revealed the threats that followed his World Cup dismissal earlier this month.
Sanchez is phlegmatic about them, though.
“Threats did exist but I really did not give them much importance,' he said. ‘They were put out in an aggressive way on the networks, but it is the feeling of many people who may not be going through a good time.
“It is never nice to receive a threat but I was confident that things were going to be good. I think those people who threatened then will be celebrating now Colombia are in the knock-out stage.”
History shows playing for Colombia can be a dangerous affair Andres Escobar was shot dead on the back of a World Cup performance.
In 1994, he scored an own goal which contributed to the team's departure from the tournament.
It was reported that incident and his murder were linked.
A.J. Delgado and Jason Miller. Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by @AJDelgado13 and REUTERS/Staff/File Photos
Jason Miller was a Trump campaign spokesman who was slated to become White House communications director before Page Six revealed that he'd had an extramarital affair with fellow communications staffer A.J. Delgado. In July 2017, Delgado gave birth to a child; that August, Miller confirmed that he was its father, and the two are now engaged in custody-related litigation. DailyMailTV has published excerpts from a document filed by Delgado in the case, of which the most noteworthy is probably Delgado's accusation that Miller told her the moon landing was fake:
Father once told Mother he believes the moon landing was staged. When Mother asked how he could possibly believe such, he said he learned it from spending time with Ted Cruz's team, noting something about the Houston connection.
Miller, who worked for Texas Sen. Cruz's presidential campaign before signing on with Trump, told DailyMailTV in a statement that Delgado is spreading “false and salacious accusations” against him in order to gain leverage in their legal dispute. NASA has not commented. What do they have to hide???
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aaron Tshibola will be facing a familiar face this weekend when his loan club Kilmarnock face Celtic in the SPL.
The 23-year-old made the move north of the border to join Killie for the remainder of the season, after his MK Dons spell came to a premature end.
For a short while in 2016, the young midfielder was in the same side as Scott Sinclair, before the winger left for the Scottish champions.
And speaking to BT Sport, Tshibola revealed that the pair shared a room while on pre-season under Roberto Di Matteo.
“He was actually my room-mate at Aston Villa,” Tshibola said.
“I know Scotty quite well and it will be good to see him again. We have kept in touch.
“I didn't really speak to him too much before coming up here but I'm obviously aware of what Scotty's achieved here. He's a great player and a great person so I'm happy for him.
“Sharing a room with him, you gain small bits. You just naturally gain the professionalism and how they come across. He's a very experienced player and he's achieved a lot. I have gained a fair amount from the small time I was with him at Aston Villa.”
Another big factor in Tshibola's decision to head to Scotland was the pull of Steve Clarke.
The pair worked together previously at Villa, and also Reading.
‘Tish' is looking forward to working with Clarke once again.
“Obviously one of the main reasons for me coming here is the gaffer knows my qualities, my strengths and weaknesses and what I need to improve on and what I need to do to get to the top,” he said.
“He's good at developing young players and passing on his experiences. He has been at some top clubs and done some massive things in the game. Everyone has bought into his training methods, it's enjoyable.”
Signings ranked
Dr Tony Xia has spent around £80million of his hard-earned cash and handed out whopping contracts to give Aston Villa a shot at the Premier League.
Villa's Chinese owner has signed 25 players since buying out Randy Lerner 18 months ago. In fact, his spending has been so vast that Villa has spent the last six months trying to avoid breaching Financial Fair Play regulations.
The first manager of the Xia era, Roberto Di Matteo, was handed a whopping transfer kitty in 2016 and signed nine players on permanent deals.
The second, Steve Bruce, has signed 16 players in little over 15 months since replacing the Italian in the Villa hotseat.
The only signing who hasn't been immediately drafted into the first team is rookie defender Jacob Bedeau, who cost the club the best part of £1million when he joined from Bury this time last year.
As most of you are probably aware, the Birmingham Mail put out an appeal on social media yesterday for supporters' opinions on the 25.
We wanted to know who you thought was the best recruit under Xia and why. We were inundated with responses with a variety of names popping up.
Alun Allsop's comment appeared most popular on Facebook: “James Chester. Always gives all he can, Mr Reliable, never gets the credit for his work, not a glory hunter, player of season for me.”
But there was also lots of support for John Terry, Robert Snodgrass and Sam Johnstone amongst many others.
Last season's star man Jonathan Kodjia has missed virtually the whole of this season with a troublesome ankle injury, but his influence hasn't been forgotten. Rob Prince told us: “Was it not for his absence this season, I'd be voting Kodjia. If talking about a player who has the potential to perform in the Premier League, has excelled for us and also could command a decent transfer fee, Kodjia would be up there. His influence has been largely forgotten.”
In addition to your comments, we created a widget using Playbuzz for you to rank the signings. Some came out favourably while others, put quite simply, won't enjoy the results.
We made your comments and rankings the subject of our latest Alliv Notsa podcast to celebrate yet another transfer window where Villa have achieved their targets.
So, here you go… Villa's 25 signings under Xia ranked from worst to best!
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leonardo DiCaprio and Quentin Tarantino surprised an audience of theatre owners with a personal appearance to promote their new film also starring Brad Pitt.
The director and actor showed up at CinemaCon at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas to hype Once Upon A Time In Hollywood, despite the fact they have not yet shot a frame of the movie.
“It's hard to speak about a film that we haven't done yet,” DiCaprio said on stage.
The “hush-hush” film will take place in Hollywood in 1969 at the “height of the counter-culture explosion,” Tarantino said.
“This is probably the closest to ‘Pulp Fiction' that I've done,” he added. The director also said that Pitt and DiCaprio together will be “the most exciting star dynamic duo since Robert Redford and Paul Newman”.
Tarantino also took the opportunity to remind the theatre owners at the convention, that he too is an exhibitor – he owns the historic New Beverly Cinema in Los Angeles.
Sony Pictures Entertainment chairman Tom Rothman assured the theatre owners that his studio is dedicated to appealing to a range of audiences — from global franchises such as Spider-Man and The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series to family films, action pics and comedies.
The studio also rolled out intense new footage from Venom, which Tom Hardy said he wanted to do for his son, and The Girl In The Spider's Web, with The Crown star Claire Foy in the role of Lisbeth Salander who, Rothman said, makes Wonder Woman look like a Powerpuff Girl.
“The thing I think makes this special and truly, truly compelling is that you can't describe her,” Foy said.
Director Fede Alvarez, who was behind the horror hit Don't Breathe, said that there is an audience demand for good-quality filmmaking.
“I believe in movies that provoke. Movies you cannot ignore. Movies that hit the cultural conversation. I'm confident this movie will hit all fronts, Alvarez said of The Girl In The Spider's Web.
Rothman also said that a Jumanji sequel, with Dwayne Johnson, will be coming in December 2019.
“Don't rush to give all those screens to Star Wars again,” Rothman said.
The Johnson-led reboot, Jumanji: Welcome To The Jungle became a massive hit in the early part of the year, making over 956 million US dollars worldwide.
The CinemaCon convention features massive presentations from each of the major studios, in addition to a few of the smaller ones, like Amazon, with sizzle reels and stars to wow the theatre owners with what is coming up and why theatres should be excited about the fresh movies on the horizon.
Alternating at times between a variety show and a business meeting, Sony's presentation featured everything from Will Ferrell promoting the comedy Holmes & Watson by singing My Heart Will Go On and talking about winning 50,000 dollars playing roulette earlier in the evening, to actress Gina Rodriguez, in support of the action pic Miss Bala, stressing the importance of the Latino movie-going audience.
“Latinos make up every one in four tickets sold,” Rodriguez said. “To give them a project like this feels like such a gift, such a blessing for your audience.”
According to the Motion Picture Association of America, Latinos made up 18% of the population in 2016, but represented 23% of frequent moviegoers.
Sony showed rough footage from its animated Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse, which features the voice of Shameik Moore as Miles Morales/Spider-Man.
“I'm not the only kid who imagined himself being Spider-Man,” said Moore.
And Matthew McConaughey was on hand, too, to tease the gritty period piece White Boy Rick, in which he plays a hustler and a schemer and all-around bad, but well-meaning father to a teenage boy who ends up becoming an undercover FBI informant.
“Wait till you see this performance,” McConaughey said of the unknown actor, Richie Merritt, who plays the lead.
From studio executives, to the filmmakers behind the projects, all stressed the quality and diversity of the upcoming films.
“We're dedicated to the range of audiences, including having a staunch, and increasingly rare dedication to originality,” Rothman said. “We are not all superheroes all the time. But we are in the global franchise business.”
Four hundred years after it was written, a lost and supposedly cursed Golden Age novel chronicling the splendour, adventure and violence of Spain's imperial zenith has been published for the first time.
Historia del Huerfano, or The Orphan's Story, charts the progress of a 14-year-old Spaniard who leaves Granada and heads to the Americas to seek his fortune. Its hero ricochets around the Spanish empire, from the high-society fiestas of Lima to the mephitic mines of Potosi, and goes on to witness Sir Francis Drake's attack on Puerto Rico and the sacking of Cadiz.
After romantic escapades and the odd shipwreck and run-in with pirates, the soldier-cum-missionary finally manages to embrace the calm of monastic life in the capital of viceregal Peru.
“There's an awful lot of travelling, but you do get a sense of what the viceroyalty of Peru was like from the inside and of the exchange of people and goods between Europe and America,” said Belinda Palacios, a Peruvian academic who spent two years editing the book.
The story was written between 1608 and 1615 by Martín de León Cárdenas, a Spanish Augustinian friar born near Malaga in 1584 and who, like his eponymous hero, had travelled to Lima.
It was set to appear in 1621 under the nom de plume of Andres de Leon, but it never made it to the printing presses – perhaps because its author feared it might cause him problems as he embarked on an ecclesiastical career that would see him become an archbishop, and the president and captain-general of the viceroyalty of Sicily.
A Spanish academic rediscovered the manuscript in the archives of the Hispanic Society of America in 1965. Previous attempts to publish The Orphan's Story had come to nothing, giving rise to rumours that something malevolent lurked among its 328 pages.
“When I started working on it, a lot of people told me that the book was cursed and that people who start working on it die,” Ms Palacios said.
“I laughed it off but I was a bit apprehensive at the same time. It's taken a while because the people who have worked on it have died – one from a strange disease, one in a car accident and another of something else.”
Ms Palacios hopes the curse has been lifted after it was recently published by the José Antonio de Castro Foundation, which works to safeguard Spain's literary heritage.
She says the book's blend of fiction, autobiography and historical documents – Cárdenas used a letter from one of the generals who fought Drake in Puerto Rico – offers a richly detailed, contemporary portrait of the author's world.
“It also gives us a nuanced view of the story of the conquest. People always go on about the big evil Spaniards coming and what they did to the indigenous people, but when you read this, you see there was a spirit of adventure that drove people. It wasn't ‘let's go over there, crush the Indians and rob them'. It was more like a big business, in which adventure and discovery played a part.”
Slave labour
Beyond the descriptions of Lima's poets, parties and bullfights, the text also affords glimpses of the slave labour that fuelled the celebrations and the empire itself.
On a visit to the mercury mines at Huancavelica, the Orphan sees 800 indigenous workers toiling in a hot, humid, fetid place of “great dangers, risks, darknesses, hazards and caverns”. The mine is described as a “scene from hell or from the mythical forges of Vulcan's cyclopses”.
Cárdenas acknowledges the horrific realities of the mines and bemoans the corruption and chaos of Potosi, but he is very much a man of his time. Unlike his celebrated Dominican forerunner, Bartolome de las Casas, he was no pioneering advocate of indigenous rights.
“He recognises that the indigenous people are being mistreated and exploited and that life is hard for them,” Ms Palacios said. “But what Martin de Leon is criticising isn't the fact that the indigenous people are being exploited so white people don't have to do the work, which is the modern take. He's criticising the fact that the indigenous population is being exploited to the point of disappearance.”
The treatment of the indigenous people was, for him, a short-sighted act of Spanish self-sabotage.
“I get the feeling that he's saying the system must change because we're wiping out the local populations and that's not going to be viable in the long term,” Ms Palacios said. “Yes, there's a criticism there, but we shouldn't see him as another Bartolome de Las Casas, fighting to defend the Indians. That's not there in the text.”
What she did find, however, were observations that still raise a smile centuries after Cárdenas's ink dried. She was amused by the narrator's mockery of Italians for talking with their hands, and intrigued to read his complaints about the topical issue of judicial corruption in Peru.
Ms Palacios likens reading the book to travelling back in time: “It's a window on the past through which you can glimpse moments,” she said.
Despite the long months deciphering the friar's handwriting, editing the book and correcting proofs, she says the project was painstaking but never dull.
“It was fun. I was back in the viceroyalty.” – Guardian
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image The Khan family enjoys the day at Korovatu Beach in Labasa yesterday. Picture: SOPHIE RALULU
FAMILIES in the Northern Division took time out to enjoy the last day of their Easter holiday yesterday.
The Korovatu Beach, which is one of the main picnic spots in Labasa, was packed with children and families who came in from various parts of Labasa.
Imtiaz Khan of Waiqele was at the beach with his extended family. He described the day as "a blessed" one.
"We are thankful that we could be here together with our family who came in from from New Zealand," he said.
Mr Khan said they had always looked forward to Easter.
"It has become a tradition for us to spend Easter together at the beach and sometimes have lunch at some restaurants, but today is extra special because we have our extended family here at the beach," he said.
Another family also enjoying the day at the beach was the Prasad family of Benau.
Navneil Prasad said the Easter holidays was always a time to get together for his whole family.
"The long weekend, especially Easter is always a great time to get out of our busy schedules and spend time with our loved ones," he said.
"This is a nice way to relax and unwind from the entire busy schedule of our daily lives before we head back to school and work," he said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The construction firm which refurbished Grenfell Tower said its work "met all required building control, fire regulation, and health and safety standards", following the devastating fire which killed at least six people.
Rydon carried out an £8.6 million project, completed in May 2016, to modernise the outside of the building, which saw new cladding and windows installed.
In a statement, the Sussex-based firm said it was shocked by the "devastating" blaze, adding: "Rydon completed a refurbishment of the building in the summer of 2016 for KCTMO (Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation) on behalf of the council, which met all required building control, fire regulation, and health and safety standards.
"We will co-operate with the relevant authorities and emergency services and fully support their inquiries into the causes of this fire at the appropriate time."
The company said it would not be commenting further "given the ongoing nature of the incident and the tragic events overnight".
Rydon's website says its work on the 1970s tower "delivered a number of improvements, with residents still in occupation, to the community facilities and energy efficiency of the building".
It adds: "Externally, rain screen cladding, curtain wall facade and replacement windows were fitted, improving thermal insulation and modernising the exterior of the building."
The firm has its headquarters in Forest Row, a small village near East Grinstead, East Sussex.
It also has sites in London, Bristol and Preston.
There should be a lot more job openings for the college class of 2018, but starting salaries won't be much higher than last year, a new survey found.
Graduates with a bachelor's degree can expect to earn an average of $50,390 annually in their first jobs, according to the survey by consulting firm Korn Ferry. It changed very little from the previous year.
"With the 2018 U.S. inflation rate hovering just over two percent, real wages for this year's grads are virtually flat," Maryam Morse, Korn Ferry Senior Client Partner said.
“I'm glad it's here and done,” College of Southern Nevada Graduate from Antoinette Green said. “Now I can go into the field and spread my wings.”
Green is graduating from CSN's Medical Laboratory Program. According to the study, students who enter careers in science, technology, engineering, or math generally get paid significantly more than other graduates.
For those not in STEM, it should be easier to find a job than in previous years. The unemployment rate recently dropped below 4% for the first time since 2000.
“I feel happy and excited,” CSN graduate Cynthia Jimenez said.
The survey found that average pay for entry-level software developers is $67,236, while customer service reps start at just $35,360. It analyzed salaries across 310,000 entry-level positions from about 1,000 organizations across the country.
Another big variable is where you live. Here are the average starting salaries in 10 major US cities.
San Francisco $63,995
New York $60,972
Boston $59,460
Los Angeles $56,386
Chicago $55,177
Philadelphia $54,169
Minneapolis $53,766
Denver $53,010
Dallas $50,743
Atlanta $49,584
CNN contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former Walsall care home manager who stole more than £19,000 from the bank account of an elderly resident has been jailed.
Paul Wehrle-Fellows was the manager of Crossways Residential Home on Highgate Road, Walsall, when he took cash intended for a resident who was in her late 70s.
The 48-year-old took £19,298.40 from the now 80-year-old resident between July 2014 and January of this year.
Wehrle-Fellows, now of Ribble Road, Blackpool, pleaded guilty at Walsall Magistrates Court last month to one count of fraud by abuse of position.
The fraudster, who previously lived in West Bromwich, was jailed for 16 months at Wolverhampton Crown Court on Friday.
He had already resigned from his job at the residential home who launched an internal investigation after financial irregularities were found with a resident's bank account.
The victim's account should have had their pension credited to it and care fees being debited. However, a number of unauthorised withdrawals via an ATM were found to have been using the victim's debit card.
Paul Reid, District Crown Prosecutor from West Midlands Crown Prosecution Service, said: “Paul Wehrle-Fellows abused his position of trust in order to steal money from a vulnerable victim, funds which were intended for her care.
“Targeting someone because for their vulnerability makes a crime even more serious, so it is important that together we bring these people to justice – whether they be strangers, carers or family members.”
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa secured sixth successive league wins for the first time since 1990 by beating Burton Albion 3-2 at Villa Park.
The Championship's basement side battled well but they were eventually undone following goals from Scott Hogan, Albert Adomah and Jack Grealish.
Burton hit back twice as Ahmed Elmohamady inadvertently deflected the ball into his own net before Liam Boyce gave the Holte End jitters late on.
Villa had enough, though, and kept pace with second-placed Derby County by securing yet another three points.
Here's how we scored the players.
Sam Johnstone - 6
Aside Burton's two goals, Johnstone had a very quiet afternoon. A few decent stops which you'd expect him to make but nothing overly testing. Judging by his usual high standards, Johnstone might feel he could have done better with the second goal.
Ahmed Elmohamady - 6
An early lapse in concentration allowed Lloyd Dyer to break down the left but Elmohamady recovered to force his man wide, allowing Johnstone to make a comfortable stop at his near post.
The Egyptian grabbed an assist for Grealish's goal after being credited with Burton's first following a scrappy corner.
James Chester - 7
Chester was comfortable at the back for the most part but he and Terry will be disappointed with how Boyce got in to reduce the arrears late on.
John Terry - 6
Another solid outing from Villa's skipper and he even got involved going forward at one point in the second half, breaking out of defence and racing into the box. Unfortunately, the ball back to Terry wasn't perfect and he had to play it back into midfield.
Alan Hutton - 7
Hutton continued his fine run of form with a composed performance at left-back. The 33-year-old got forward when he could and provided a useful foil for Adomah.
Robert Snodgrass - 8*
Snodgrass enjoyed a wonderful January and he kicked off February in the same fashion. He instigated Hogan's opener by drifting inside from the right, exchanging passes with Grealish and Hourihane before sliding in Adomah to tee up Villa's No.9.
The Scot's second moment of magic created Villa's second goal. He delivered a delightful ball to Adomah at the far post midway through the second half and Villa's top scorer made no mistake.
Birkir Bjarnason - 7
Bjarnason's rasping drive from distance appeared to be heading for goal before it was superbly blocked en route. The Icelandic seems to have a knack for sniffing out danger which served him well, particularly during the first half.
The 29-year-old was extremely tidy and offered Terry and Chester vital protection.
Conor Hourihane - 7
The Irishman linked up well with Snodgrass and Grealish on occasions and looked to get in on the act but saw his best effort saved comfortably by Bywater.
Albert Adomah - 8
Adomah dropped a little below his incredibly high standards at Sheffield United in midweek but he was back on song today. He grabbed the assist for the opener with a beautifully timed cutback for Hogan and his performance went from strength to strength.
Given his remarkable goalscoring form, Adomah has been on a bit of a drought. Before his second half header doubled Villa's advantage the winger had gone more than a month without a goal.
That run is over, though, and he now has his 13th of the season which makes this his best ever goalscoring campaign.
Jack Grealish - 8
Villa's playmaker came within a whisker of his first goal of the season with a curling effort from distance which clipped the bar late on.
Grealish wasn't to be denied, though, and fired home late on with a well-taken volley.
Scott Hogan - 7
A simple tap-in gave Hogan his fifth goal in as many matches but his all-round play will have impressed Bruce today. His hold up play against two big central defenders in Ben Turner and Kyle McFadzean was excellent and he ran the channels well.
SUBS
Axel Tuanzebe (for Snodgrass, 67) - 7
A brief but effective debut at right-back for the on-loan Manchester United man. He teed up Elmohamady to cross for Grealish's strike, which proved to be decisive.
Josh Onomah (for Adomah, 67) - 6
Onomah struggled to make an impact on the game as Villa looked to see it out.
Mile Jedinak (for Hourihane, 83) - 6
Did the job that was asked of him as Villa secured three points.
Villa (4-4-1-1): J ohnstone; Elmohamady, Chester, Terry, Hutton; Snodgrass (Tuanzebe, 67), Bjarnason, Hourihane (Jedinak, 83), Adomah (Onomah, 67); Grealish; Hogan. Unused subs: Bunn, Taylor, Whelan, Davis
Burton (4-5-1): Bywater; Brayford, McFadzean, Turner (Boyce, 72), Flanagan (Murphy, 28 (Allen, 46)); Akins, Akpan, Naylor, Davenport, Dyer; Sordell. Unused subs: Campbell, Buxton, Barker, Sbarra
Attendance: 33,022
Next up: Birmingham City (h), Sunday 11 February, 12pm.
A viral video posted on Facebook shows the moment that Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe, a lesbian couple, realized they both brought an engagement ring to the Memphis Zoo with the plans of proposing. Screenshot from Jessa Gillaspie's Facebook
Madrid – Real Madrid FC has debunked news on agreement between the club and PSG over 19-year-old Kylain Mbappe.
On its website “www.realmadrid.com'', the club said it had not made any offer to either PSG or the player.
“Given the information published in the last few hours regarding an alleged agreement between Real Madrid FC and PSG for the player Kylian Mbappe, Real Madrid would like to state that it is completely false.
“Real Madrid has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information that has not been proven by the parties concerned,'' the statement said.
Mbappe has scored three goals so far for France in the 2018 Russia World Cup. (NAN)
In this April 16, 2018, photo, U.S. Navy Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson, M.D., sits with Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., chairman of the Veteran's Affairs Committee, before their meeting on Capitol Hilin Washington. Jackson is President Donald Trump's nominee to be the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Now it's Washington's turn to examine Jackson. The doctor to Presidents George W. Bush, Barack Obama and now Donald Trump is an Iraq War veteran nominated to head the Department of Veterans Affairs. Alex Brandon AP Photo
You've seen him all over Millie Bobby Brown's Instagram and he won't stop popping up on your suggested YouTube videos, but who is 15-year-old Jacob Sartorius ~REALLY~?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A really sweet-seeming and talented guy, that's who! So let's get to know him a bit better.
First of All, He Grew Up in Virginia
Jacob was born in Oklahoma, and moved to Virginia after he was adopted. He opened up about his adoption in a YouTube video, explaining, "At the time, my birth parents weren't able to take care of me, so they made a plan for me to be adopted. Luckily for me, I was blessed to be able to be adopted by two of the most loving parents in the world—my mom and my dad."
He continued, "I'm still me and being adopted is something that I've never tried to hide or keep a secret. My friends and family have known all this, but I think it's time for you guys to know too... I know this is only going to make us closer."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
He Has an Influencer Sister
Jacob's older sister is named Caroline, and she already has 450k followers on Instagram. SAME! (Kidding, I wish.)
v happy in my @bodaskins jacket A post shared by Caroline Sartorius (@carolinesartorius) on Apr 29, 2018 at 4:07pm PDT
He Was Bullied When He Was Younger
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Jacob loved to perform as a kid, telling YSB Now that he did "musical theatre for four years before the social media stuff." He was bullied because of his love for the spotlight, and he (very bravely!) uploaded his first Vine about the subject at just 11, which went viral. Unfortunately the bullying got worse, and he had to switch schools three times in 2015.
I tried 3 different schools last school year and still got verbally attacked, pushed, and teased for things as small as my ears... — Jacob Sartorius (@jacobsartorius) July 30, 2016
He's Famous Thanks to Social Media
Jacob owes a lot to Musical.ly—in fact, he initially found fame because of the lip-syncing videos he posted on the platform. "Before Musical.ly, I wasn't the most outgoing," Jacob told Billboard. "The app helped me goof off. It's like no one is watching besides the camera."
Are you famous for YOUR lip syncing videos? No? Me neither.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
His Debut Song Was Called "Sweatshirt"
No, this is not a joke! "Sweatshirt" was released in 2016, and reached the Hot 100 charts in the USA.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
FYI, since "Sweatshirt," Jacob has released a couple EPs (one of which is called The Last Text, and the other of which is called Left Me Hangin'), and has gone on a tour. Double FYI, his 2016 single "Hit or Miss" is his most successful one to date, and hit number 72 on the charts.
He Supports March for Our Lives
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Jacob even gave a speech during the L.A. march, in which he talked about remaining hopeful in the face of tragedy. Watch it below.
And Finally, He's Dating Millie Bobby Brown
Millie and Jacob might be young, but they're in love and want the world to know it. The pair went public with their relationship at the beginning of 2018, and now they spend their time doing cute things like this:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And also this:
A post shared by Jacob Sartorius (@jacobsartorius) on Mar 18, 2018 at 6:15pm PDT
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Volunteers at one of the city's biggest foodbanks fear their shelves will be emptied by a sharp increase in the need for emergency food if the roll-out of Universal Credit continues.
Bosses at B30 Foodbank - which has seen a staggering 200 tons of donations since it launched four years ago - are concerned their warehouse will be emptied by a huge increase in demand.
The facility, based at Cotteridge Church, has fed almost 7500 adults and children in the B30 postcode and surrounding areas over the past year.
Ministers have claimed evictions, homelessness and debt will all rise if the government's Universal Credit roll-out continues across Birmingham.
The Trussell Trust, a charity which provides foodbanks, said demand had risen in areas where Universal Credit was introduced.
Within the last month, the three main Jobcentres operating within the B30 Foodbank's catchment area have introduced the scheme.
It rolls six types of benefit - including housing, jobseekers's allowance, working tax credit, income support and child tax credit - into one single payment.
In November, Birmingham South West Jobcentre rolled out Universal Credit, swiftly followed this month by Selly Oak Jobcentre Plus and Kings Heath JCP.
Critics claim some recipients end up in debt because there is a delay before payments are received and claimants are unlikely to have significant savings.
Bob Jefford, volunteer and steering group member at B30 Foodbank - which operates under the Trussell Trust - told the Mail: “Christmas is the perfect time for everybody to think about people who can't afford to feed themselves.
“The volunteers at B30 Foodbank are always amazed at how generous our donors are - every can of beans is desperately needed.
“But it is important to remember that a foodbank is not just for Christmas - we have provided emergency food for 7,500 adults and children in the last year and we hear heartbreaking stories from people in need every single week.
“Universal credit is our next big headache.
“We are extremely worried that our shelves and warehouse will be emptied by a sharp increase in need for emergency food.
“Other foodbanks have seen an average 30% rise in areas where universal credit is established - if that happens to us, we will not be able to cope.
“It's a desperate prospect.
"If B30 Foodbank suffers a similar increase in demand, our reserves will quickly disappear and we will run out of food.
"From our experience, we think a sharp increase in demand is inevitable."
Volunteers at the foodbank have now launched a new campaign in a bid to increase donations.
They are looking for 100 small local businesses to pledge £1 a week to the foodbank - giving them enough cash reserves to cope with an increase in demand of around 10 per-cent.
For more information call Bob on 07786 246108.
A Government spokesman previously said: “We are spending an extra £4.2 billion on pensioners, carers and disabled people next year, and continue to spend around £90 billion a year supporting people of working age, including those who are out of work or on a low income.
“Since 2010, the number of people in absolute poverty has fallen by over half a million, pensioner poverty remains close to historically low levels and we are supporting parents with the cost of bringing up children by doubling free childcare.
“We have given the lowest earners a significant pay rise through the National Living Wage, and are introducing Universal Credit to make sure it pays to be in work.”
In a rather shocking development, the Supreme Court recently pulled up Tamil star Rajinikanth's wife Latha for failing to pay the Rs 6.20 Crore she owes a noted advertising company. While rebuking the former playback singer, the Supreme Court also asked her to either clear her dues or face trial. The SC has given her nearly a week to make it clear whether she plans to clear the dues. The advertising firm was associated with the highly ambitious 2014 release Kochadaiiyaan and had given nearly Rs 10 Crore to Latha's company.
The lady's company was supposed to refund the amount and pay an additional Rs 1.2 Crore as 'guaranteed profit'.
Latha's troubles started when a trial court asked the Police to look into the matter. In 2016, the Karnataka High Court quashed the order. Following this, the advertising company approached the Supreme Court. Earlier this year, the 'apex court' made it clear that she would have to clear the dues.
In case you did not know, Kochadaiiyaan was directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth and marked her directorial debut. Shot using motion capture technology, it featured Rajinikanth and Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone in the lead. The supporting cast featured names such as Jackie Shroff, Nassar and R Sarathkumar. Released on May 23, 2014, it opened to a good response at the box office but ultimately failed to live up to the expectations. Its distributors suffered losses and this proved to be an embarrassment for 'Thalaiva'.
Interestingly, this controversy involving Latha comes at a time when the Superstar is busy with his political commitments. On the film front, he currently has 2.0 and a film with Karthik Subbaraj in his kitty. 2.0 is a Shankar directorial and will see Rajini reprise his Chitti character from the 2010 hit Enthiran. Recently, it was reported that the makers of 2.0 are in a fix because of the unsatisfactory performance of Kaala. As such, it is not very clear when the sci-fi thriller will ultimately hit the screens.
The Upcoming Royal Wedding is big news for small business. For example, GoDaddy Email Marketing stats show open rates for emails with royal wedding related subject lines has spiked by 25%. Entrepreneurs are known to take advantage of big news like this to bump profits. Small Business Trends asked GoDaddy's Chief Product Officer Steven Aldrich how.
How to Capitalize on News and Events
Buy Relevant Domains and Sell Themed Products
He started by telling us buying relevant domains are key for cultural type events that have a long lead time. That way, small businesses have time to develop themed products and services to sell.
“If you're jumping on a fun cultural event, such as the Royal Wedding, there are a number of out of the box tactics you can leverage for your business online,” he says. “For example, you could create special edition versions of your existing merchandise, run a special promotional coupon offer on your online store, or change up the content on your business' social channels.”
Use Email Marketing
Aldrich has also noticed how small businesses are tweaking their email marketing campaigns by putting Royal Wedding keywords in.
He also suggests that faster breaking news stories require faster reaction time. One great news jacking technique in those circumstances for email marketing campaigns is a newsworthy subject line that's proven to spike open rates.
Aldrich stresses how important it is to tie your goods and services to the event.
“When done right, piggybacking on the news can be an easy and affordable way to generate sales and to gain new customers. As news breaks or as a story develops in real-time, potential customers become interested in products and services related to what is happening.”
Use The Right SEO Techniques
Using the right search engine optimization techniques is a good way to get your sales up. When there's big news, potential customers look online and you can piggyback along their searches. Aldrich strikes a cautionary note here by saying businesses should always make sure the current events they are leveraging are relevant to what they sell.
He says if it feels like too much of a stretch to tie your business to a cultural event, it more than likely is. Avoiding public tragedies is always a good practice.
One other thing to consider could be targeting international interest in order to reach a wider customer base,” he says.
“The World Cup or other sporting events could be key events that provide opportunity for themed product sales.”
Pick A Holiday
Finally, you can use the tactics mentioned to ride along on the coattails of an annual holiday. Its' estimated Americans will spend $5.9 billion on St. Patrick's Day. According to the National Retail Association, 73% of the money spent on that one holiday goes toward themed clothing, candy and decorations.
Aldrich offers some final advice on the best kind of events to piggyback on.
“It's smart to stick to positive cultural events like the Royal Wedding, beloved awards shows or events that have a historical significance like the total eclipse we saw in 2017.”
Brazil have signed an agreement with Tottenham Hotspur to use the London Premier League club's facilities ahead of this year's World Cup in Russia, the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) said on Monday.
The five-times World Cup winners will train in London for friendlies against Croatia on June 3, at an English venue yet to be decided, and Austria on June 10 in Vienna.
“In addition to the friendlies, a partnership has been made official with Tottenham FC, who will make their facilities available for training as from May 28,” the CBF said in a statement.
Brazil kicks off their World Cup campaign against Switzerland on June 17 before facing Costa Rica and Serbia in Group E.
They play friendlies against World Cup hosts Russia in Moscow on Friday and reigning champions Germany in Berlin four days later.
Margi Coats says her twin boys received the same diagnosis. But only one brother is getting better. Screenshot from Facebook
Sheriff: Shooter had "enough time and arrogance" to make sure victims were dead
hello
Emergency response vehicles gather Sunday at Great Lakes Dragway near Union Grove, Wisconsin. Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event at the facility, authorities said. AP
Three suburban men shot dead Sunday night at a drag racing event in Wisconsin were victims of a targeted, gang-related attack, authorities said.
Khalid R. Howard, 30, of Aurora; Derek K. Edwards, 26, of North Aurora; and David L. Watson, 30, of Oswego, died from gunshot wounds after an unidentified gunman opened fire on them at Great Lakes Dragway in Union Grove, Wisconsin, Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said.
"It appears that (the suspect) walked up to the three that are now dead and shot them point blank. So he knew what his targets were. He shot two of them, The third one ran around the side of the tent," Beth said during a Monday news conference. "He shot (the third man) and then came back up and fired a few more shots into the two that were laying there. He had enough time and enough arrogance to go back and make sure that they were dead."
"The reason I believe gangs were involved is because the three all belonged to a gang," Beth said. "And they all seemed to be quite well known by gang officers in the areas that they come from."
Beth also said "the father of one of the deceased is a high ranking member of a gang in the Chicago area."
Aurora police spokesman Dan Ferrelli confirmed all three victims "were well known to (the department)."
"Wisconsin reached out to us in reference to their investigation," Ferrelli said. "We supplied the information they were seeking and pledged our assistance in any we can. Other than that, we don't discuss investigations by outside agencies."
Beth said people claiming to be family members of the victims arrived at the racetrack late Sunday night but were not cooperative with authorities.
"That hasn't helped us," he said.
The suspect was described as a black man between 20 and 30 years old, standing about 5'9" with a thin, athletic build. His hair was shaved on the side, with a "scruffy" top, according to the sheriff's office.
Beth said he believes "several dozen" people may have witnessed the attack and he has urged them to come forward.
The suspect fled the area after the shooting in a vehicle, though Beth said witnesses have only been able to describe it as a black car.
ICE drops out of Isda credit-derivatives committee role
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
MIAMI (AP) — The Dolphins' offense has been the worst, while the Titans' defense has merely been bad. So perhaps Tennessee enjoys a slight edge in Sunday's unsightly matchup.
Or not. After all, last week the Titans gave up 57 points.
But then again, the Dolphins didn't score. They rank last in the NFL in points (8.3) and yards (249) per game, yards per play (4.2) and third-down conversion (21 percent).
Ah, but maybe they can get it going against the Titans, who have allowed 99 first downs, more than any other team, and rank near the bottom in points and yards allowed.
What a showdown. Will the Dolphins (1-2) break out? Will the Titans (2-2) dig in?
Here are things to know about two struggling teams:
STALLED DOLPHINS: The Dolphins will make a delayed home debut after their season opener against Tampa Bay was postponed due to Hurricane Irma. Perhaps the friendly setting will help jump-start an offense that sputtered so badly in last week's 20-0 loss to New Orleans that coach Adam Gase faced questions whether quarterback Jay Cutler should be benched in favor of Matt Moore.
Gase says no. The odious offense is a team effort, he says.
“We just need to be more on the same page and eliminate the mistakes where eight guys are doing it right and three guys are doing it wrong,” Gase says. “If anybody's doing it wrong, it needs to be down to one guy, to where we can still have success on the play.”
REELING TITANS: Tennessee quarterback Marcus Mariota is hampered by a strained hamstring, making his availability uncertain. An offense missing its QB — Matt Cassel is the backup — could put more pressure on the team's defense, which allowed Houston to score a franchise-record point total last week.
Cutler watched video of the Titans surrendering four touchdown passes by Texans rookie Deshaun Watson, but knows that's no guarantee Miami will be moved the ball.
“The way we're playing offensively, I don't think we can take anything for granted right now,” Cutler says. “If we flop it out there the way we have the last two games, they're going to eat us up.”
The start could be critical. The Dolphins have scored only three points in the first half this season.
“We want to make sure that we show them we're there to play early and don't give them any type of air to breathe,” Titans linebacker Avery Williamson says.
STICK TO THE GROUND: The Titans were the NFL's third-best rushing team in 2016, and they've dipped only slightly this season. They're averaging 138.8 yards rushing, which ranks sixth.
DeMarco Murray, who led the AFC in rushing last season, is averaging 5.1 yards per carry, and backup Derrick Henry is at 4.6. Mariota has been a key piece of the run game, averaging 5.8.
Miami Pro Bowl defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh looks forward to tackling the challenge.
“To me, this is just like in college, when I remember being at Nebraska and playing against Virginia Tech,” Suh says. “You know it's smash-mouth football, and we're going to have fun with it. I enjoy it. I can't wait.”
While the season is off to a disappointing start, the Dolphins have improved their run defense, which ranks fourth in the NFL allowing 3.1 yards per carry. That's compared with last year's 4.8 average, worst in the league.
ROOKIE PROMOTED: Miami third-round draft pick Cordrea Tankersley made his NFL debut last week and played so well he's staying in the starting lineup.
“He's just really what we're looking for,” Gase says. “We like the tall, long corners that come up and press and play physical at the line of scrimmage.”
The 6-foot-1 Tankersley supplanted veteran Byron Maxwell, who might be back in the starting lineup this week because Xavien Howard is nursing a shoulder injury.
STUCK IN RED ZONE: Since the start of the 2015 season, Mariota has the NFL's best passer rating inside an opponent's 20 at 111.3, with 33 touchdowns and no interceptions. But the Titans quarterback has yet to throw a TD pass in the red zone through his first four games this season. Mariota has as many touchdowns running (three) as he has passing (three).
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The January transfer window seems like only five minutes ago, but focus has already shifted to the all-important summer.
Aston Villa and Steve Bruce have seen the Premier League dream slip away after a busy transfer window.
We can already anticipate another hectic window for Villa with owner Dr Tony Xia and the club desperate for top-flight football.
Here's all you need to know ahead of a rumour-packed summer.
When does the transfer window re-open?
Like every year the summer window officially opens on July 1, but players, agents and clubs will be discussing contract terms and final fees long before then.
There is no major tournament this year, so you can expect transfer talk to fill the back-pages throughout the long summer.
When does the transfer window close?
The transfer window will slam shut on Thursday, August 31 with another frantic window expected. It is due to shut at 23.00.
What about the loan window for signings this season?
At the start of the 2016/17 campaign, FIFA introduced new rules which mean that the emergency loan window would no longer exist.
It means fringe players or youth team won't be heading out on loan outside the usual transfer window.
Free agents could join the club outside the window while there is dispensation should Villa suffer a goalkeeping crisis.
How much can we expect to see spent?
Spending surpassed £1billion for the first time in the 2016 window, and this summer is set to be even bigger.
The new broadcasting deal is allowing all Premier League club to splash the cash and this is affecting the Championship with the record transfer broken three times this season.
The record £15m signing of Scott Hogan could be beaten in the summer by Villa should they remain in the Championship.
STEVE AINSLEY
Having surveyed the field of journalism from the pinnacles of publishing, he's found a niche in public policy 'back home'
Steve Ainsley has spent his life on the move. While the Miller-McCune magazine president and publisher may not have stayed put in one place long, he has long considered Santa Barbara home.
“We know more people and feel more at home here than any other place we lived,” he said. “It's a natural fit.”
Ainsley's father was a salesman for IBM and the family moved frequently, living in 12 different states. Ainsley finally settled at New York University to study journalism after transferring from the University of Virginia.
“My family always saw (moving) as an adventure,” Ainsley said. “I had an advantage in that I had moved around as a little boy; for me moving was the normal state of affairs.”
Ainsley quickly determined he preferred the business side of journalism and he set his sights on Charlottesville, Va., after graduating. He sold ads for the small local newspaper, where he met his wife, Anne.
“We knew what we we're getting into and did whatever it took,” Ainsley said. “Journalism is one of those fields that you have to have a passion for to be successful, and spending a great deal of time with someone who didn't understand that would be difficult.”
After getting promoted to the newspaper's affiliate in West Virginia, Ainsley and his wife took jobs in Kennebunk, Maine, and in Sebring, Fla., when his paper was sold to The New York Times Co.
“The newspaper business has always been a great business,” he said. “Today it's under huge financial pressure, frankly, because of online. But back when I started, newspapers were growing rapidly.”
Ainsley served as publisher of The New York Times Regional Media Group's newspaper in Florence, Ala., before being named publisher of the Santa Barbara News-Press in 1992. He led the News-Press until shortly before The Times sold the publication in 2000.
“It's a community that lent itself to my philosophy of how to run a newspaper by being engaged in the community,” Ainsley said of Santa Barbara. “It has always been a town that prides itself on maintaining a certain tenor and ambiance by not getting too distant or too big.”
Ainsley led by example, serving on numerous nonprofit boards of directors and keeping the News-Press active philanthropically. He was honored as Santa Barbara Humanitarian of the Year and as the Anti-Defamation League Santa Barbara/Tricounties Person of the Year. He is a trustee emeritus of the Santa Barbara Foundation and already has rejoined the Santa Barbara Partners in Education board.
After Santa Barbara, he landed his “dream job” as president and chief operating officer of The Times' Regional Media Group but an opportunity with another New York Times newspaper, the venerable Boston Globe, was too hard to resist.
In 2006, Ainsley joined the financially struggling newspaper and managed to negotiate difficult union concessions to keep the publication afloat.
“It was scary, to be honest with you,” he said. “I had to go to all the union people and ask for significant concessions from them — everything from reduction of benefits to reduction of salaries.
“I had the obligation to finish the job. I had no intention of being the last publisher of the Boston Globe; I wanted there to be a few after me.”
Ainsley retired in 2009 and eventually returned “home” in May to join Miller-McCune, a nonprofit public-policy magazine and Web site. He plans to stay for a while.
“This was my final move,” Ainsley said.
Wing Shots
» Who are your influences? “My parents both had extraordinary work ethics and it served me well, but one of my heroes is Stan Musial. I read everything I could about him because of how humble he is. In sports, humility is not marketable anymore and I think that's a shame.”
» What's something people don't know about you? “I'm basically a pretty shy and reserved person, and when you're a publisher you can't afford that. I also like reading mystery novels; I read the complete annotated works of Sherlock Holmes.”
» Are you a Tony La Russa fan? “I'm not. He's a good manager, but everywhere La Russa has been his stars have been among the well-known performance-enhancing drug abusers.”
» AL or NL style? “I detest the DH.”
» Will Albert Pujols stay with the Cardinals? “I can't imagine letting Pujols go. What I like so much about Pujols is when (the media) started calling him ‘El Hombre,' he told fans not to do that because there's only one Man, Stan Musial.”
» Small ball or home run? “Small ball the way.”
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
A jury has found a Lee County criminal defense attorney not guilty in a case of domestic battery.
TERRORISM: US Building Huge New Drone Military Base in Africa – Naija247news
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One of several Raiders license plate prototype designs made by the Nevada Department of Motor Vehicles were presented during the Legislature's Commission on Special Plates meeting on May 11 in Las Vegas.
Kevin Malone, the public information officer from the DMV, said a design has not been finalized yet, and the DMV and Oakland Raiders will continue to work together on how the plate will look.
Once the plate design is agreed upon, Nevada Highway Patrol will field test the plates and may change again, Malone said.
The DMV does not have a firm date on when the plate will be released, though license plates sales are expected to begin during the Raiders' inaugural season in Las Vegas in 2020.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
× Joe's Weather Blog: I feel like a broken record (MON-12/11)
I took the weekend off but, as usual, I was always checking in with some of the extended model forecasts for 8-15 days into the future…not so much because of the temperatures but more because of the moisture situation. I'm hearing more and more from you about the dryness that is becoming more and more of a story around these parts and unfortunately what I'm looking at right now at least, is not very encouraging heading through Christmas week. There will be a lot of temperature swings…but right now I'd say the odds are better that we have near record warmth, than accumulating snows of consequence locally in the area.
Forecast:
Today: Variable clouds and mild for mid December with highs into the 50s. Increasing winds will be noted too, with gusts to around 30-40 MPH possible as a cold front moves into the region as the day moves along. There may be a few sprinkles as well, especially north of the Metro today too. Temperatures may drop a few degrees this afternoon with the gustier winds.
Tonight: Clearing out and colder with lows closer to 20°-25°
Tuesday: Sun/clouds and chillier with highs near 40°
Wednesday: Sunny and milder again with highs well into the 50s
Discussion:
Well it was fun to watch some of the “snowbowl” football game in Buffalo yesterday. It was snowing like crazy in Orchard Park, NY thanks to lake effect snow bands that set up. Whats interesting is IF the stadium would've been about 15 miles farther north, most of the snow that fell would've been very light…and only amounting to 1-2″ or so. At the stadium at least though…different story as Orchard Park had over 14″ of snow yesterday…
Other areas in the NE part of the country got good snows as well over the weekend. It was a system that outperformed forecasts in many cases…so it can snow…heck even the SE part of the country on Friday had a near historic snowstorm. Recovery is still underway north of Atlanta, GA after more than a foot of snow fell in some areas…knocking down lots of tree limbs.
Updated storm total accumulation map via @burgwx shows areas where banding contributed to higher amounts. Lower snowfall near the coast attributed to warmer onset and lower snow ratios! #njwx #nywx #ctwx #riwx pic.twitter.com/SAR9ub2is2 — NY Metro Weather (@nymetrowx) December 11, 2017
So let's see where we stand as a nation overall with regards to snow this fall/winter so far…
Not that we have to remind anyone around here, but we haven't gotten much snow in eastern KS or MO yet this year. And currently, it looks snow free through Christmas. pic.twitter.com/4mcOxtWajT — NWS Kansas City (@NWSKansasCity) December 10, 2017
It certainly has been an interesting start to the snow season though…
Would you believe that Houston has had more snow than Milwaukee? Many southern cities are outpacing northern and western cities in the snowfall department! More here: https://t.co/bk25aEL0sv pic.twitter.com/CG8JUqKjPG — WeatherNation (@WeatherNation) December 11, 2017
So it can snow…it just doesn't want to snow (of significance) around our region…and while much hate the snow (I get it)…we have to remember that in years when we don't get 45-55″ of rain…snow is important as a moisture source during the winter months.
Actually we're slowly getting to the point where any moisture would be welcome…perhaps something more than a few brief rain/snow showers…which has been our characteristic since the 3rd week of October…and when we are into the 3rd week of December odds are it will be 2 full months without any meaningful moisture…and that is not the greatest of things in our region, even during a somewhat dry time of the year.
I've extended this out through the 15th of December…but you can see that from the 23rd of October through the 15th of December…this will be the driest time we've ever had in KC weather records going back to the 1880s.
So, for fun…here is a look at the snow totals in those other dry winter seasons…
1910-11: 14.1″
1950-51: 8″
1955-56: 25.6″
1959-60: 58.5″ ***
1904-05: 31″
1965-66: 9.7″
1949-50: 26.8″
1914-15: 37.3″
So really ALL over the place including one year that was our 2nd snowiest on record…
I won't gt worried about this snow “drought” that we're in this year for another 3-4 weeks or so…but as I've written about in the past…our average 1st 1″ of snow is being pushed back (compared to historical averages) by about 8 days since 2000…now coming towards the 21st of December…and this year may not be much different…and perhaps could even be later.
The lack of ANY moisture though is something that is problematic out there. Today's model data really isn't encouraging…let's start with the GFS ovenight operation run. Again I don't like posting these accumulated maps at 16 day time frames…but as I've mentioned when there are extremes (wet or dry) I do pay a bit more attention to the information cranked out.
The GFS ensembles…are still very dry west of here…BUT they are showing “something” towards Christmas…potentially a snowmaker…with 1/2″ of liquid equivalent. We'll see…
The EURO ensemble through Christmas…isn't as bullish BUT does have the “bulk” of about 1/5″ of liquid equivalent coming towards Christmas. Notice as well the dry areas out west…that is no good at all for soil charging. I know we have farmers and agricultural interests who read the blog from that region…and the news is still not very good west of Topeka especially.
The news is even worse there…and here when looking at another version of the EURO longer range model…
So there is quite a bit of model agreement with regards to the LACK of precipitation over the next 10-15 days or so.
There is good agreement in the 10 day forecast at least…here is the EURO model. There IS a disturbance to watch, finally, in the NW USA…but unless it tracks perfectly…I'm not too thrilled by it at this point.
What it may do though in about 12-13 days…is usher in some pretty chilly air…will that air mass be similar to what we've had so far..possible especially IF there isn't much snow on the ground in the Plains and upper Midwest to keep that sir refrigerated.
What simply could happen is whatever wave comes through brings better moisture towards the south and east of here…and once again we're left in a generally dry N/NW to WNW flow of air in the region. That wouldn't be helpful heading through the end of December.
Depending on how this plays out though…we could have some very mild days heading into the Plains…especially considering the dryness factor and the dormant vegetation out there.
Our feature photo today comes from Mary Jo Seever‎ out in Cummings, MO
Joe
Kochar Ismail Khalaf will never forget the day she heard the gunfire that told her Islamic State militants had arrived at the gates of her town in northwest Iraq.
It was August 3rd, 2014, a day of terror for the Yazidi-inhabited town of Khana Sor. Within hours, it would be overrun with radical jihadists bent on wiping out the entire Yazidi religion. As the town residents scattered to pack up and flee to Mount Sinjar, Khalaf was forced to stay. “My husband was paralysed, I couldn't leave him,” she says.
Just 12km from the Syrian border, Khana Sor was one of the first Iraqi towns to have been overrun by the jihadists. Members of Khalaf's extended family were lucky to make their escape. Today they find themselves – with Khalaf – sitting on the floor of a canvas tent outside Midyat in southeast Turkey, telling of the worst week of their lives.
“We had no car to escape and my uncle couldn't walk, so we couldn't leave when they [Islamic State, also known as Isis] came,” says Khalaf's nephew, Mahmood al-Haliqi. “My father urged us to go; he and my aunt [Khalaf] stayed with his brother.”
Haliqi and his extended family walked for 40 kilometres to Mount Sinjar in the stifling heat. On the mountain, Haliqi's brother soon ran out of milk for his six-month-old baby.
“I could talk by phone to my father, who said his brother's condition was worsening, and there were clashes outside. They had no food, water or gas,” says Haliqi. “My brother decided to try to find milk and to get our father; he went back in a group of 10; four of them were killed fighting Isis.”
Residents of the Midyat camp pass the time on a walkway thronged with groups of idle young men and women. Photograph: Stephen Starr
After seven nights on Mount Sinjar, Haliqi says air strikes by the US-led coalition drove Islamic State out of Khana Sor. But it was too late for his uncle, who died without his medication, and for many others. “My friend's mother was taken by Isis. No one knows what happened her.”
Refugee status
Two years since the massacre and enslavement of thousands of Yazidi women and men by Islamic State in Sinjar in Iraq, this ethnic group no longer garners headlines. The constantly shifting whims of international attention give rise to fears that they are being being forgotten.
About 2,700 Yazidis live in limbo in Turkey having not been granted official refugee status by the Turkish authorities. This means access to benefits such as free healthcare are being denied to them.
“If we want to go to the hospital, we can't,” says Haliqi, who was a dental assistant in Iraq. “If we want to emigrate to the West we first need Turkish residency, and they won't give us that.” The office in Ankara of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) did not respond to requests for comment.
Some Yazidis have been victims of the fallout of the renewed Turkish-Kurdish conflict. Since the Turkish government began cracking down on the Kurdish-centred terrorist threat, hundreds of suspected critics have been detained and arrested and dozens of local Kurdish administrators and mayors have been sacked.
This led to the closing of a camp hosting 1,200 Yazidis outside Diyarbakir, 130km west of Midyat, in January. With the political and municipal leaders that had supported Yazidis fired or imprisoned, many found themselves uprooted once more.
“If we have [Turkish] residency and we want to return to Iraq, we are barred from coming back to Turkey for five years,” says Daoud Murat, the principal of the Iraqi school in the Midyat refugee camp. Murat is one of seven Iraqi-Yazidi educators here.
“In the Diyarbakir camp the children had no schooling for 2½ years. Three hundred students came [from Diyarbakir in January] so now there are not enough classrooms,” he says.
Immediate danger
The irony for Mahmood al-Haliqi, his family and many other refugees centres on the fact that their not being in immediate danger means they are largely overlooked by international resettlement programmes. If they had remained within proximity of the Islamic State militants who were determined to wipe them out, their prospects for resettlement would likely be far better, but so would the threat of enslavement or death.
The refugee camp outside Midyat is home to thousands of Syrians and Yazidis from Iraq. Photograph: Stephen Starr
Many have embarked upon the perilous migrant route to Europe, but with about 70 Yazidis stuck on a Greek island in the Aegean Sea and, in another instance, the Greek government preventing Portugal from resettling several hundred due to accusations of “cherry-picking”, their prospects are poor.
Canada has offered a glimmer of hope, resettling 400 Yazidis and promising to take 1,200 more by the end of the year. Yazidi campaigners, such as Nobel Peace Prize nominee Nadia Murad, who at 19 years old was kidnapped, raped and beaten by Islamic State militants in 2014, have called on Ireland to open its doors to Yazidis.
“As Yazidis are victims of genocide and many EU countries have recognised Isis crimes against Yazidis as genocide, Ireland, the EU and the international community should take responsibility to save Yazidis and open their doors for victims of genocide,” she says.
Biggest issue
Back in the Midyat refugee camp, many pass evenings on a walkway thronged with groups of idle young men and women walking listlessly back and forth. Predominantly ethnic Kurds, Yazidis are able to converse with several camp administrators to air their concerns. The biggest issue, they say, is obtaining permission to temporarily leave the camp. Visitors, be they family members or others, are not permitted to enter.
Their new year celebrations known as Sere Sal falls this month but will be muted at best, they say.
“At home we would paint eggs red, blue, green and yellow,” says a teenage girl sitting next to Mahmood al-Haliqi. This would be done in celebration of the central figure of Yazidi faith Melek Taus, the peacock angel who descended to Earth millions of years ago.
“We're not thinking about celebrating; we feel we can only do that if we return home,” says Haliqi. But Iraq is no longer safe, he says.
“We can't trust anyone; the [Kurdish] peshmerga and the Iraqi army left us,” he says. “We have two choices: either our homeland is made a protected area or we emigrate.”
By Emmanuel Elebeke
ABUJA – The Presidential Standing Committee on Inventions and Innovations (PSCII) on Tuesday awarded grant of N43,500,000, to 121 Nigerians in the informal sector who have distinguished themselves in creativity, inventiveness and innovations.
Presenting the grants, the Minister of Science and Technology, Dr. Ogbonnya Onu lauded the inventors for their intellectual prowess and charged the recipients to obtain patent for their inventions as a way of protecting their intellectual property.
“If you have any problem in getting patent for your inventions get back to us, one of the agencies under the supervision of the Ministry of Science and Technology, The National Office for Technology Acquisition and Promotion (NOTAP) can assist you.
“The Grant may not be all that you need to improve on your inventions and innovations but is an important recognition of your creativity, hard work and commitment to the realization of a dream that you have lived with for a long time.”
Recall that the federal government had last year released the sum of N70 million to selected innovators under the same PSCII scheme.
Onu said that by transforming ideas into either a product of services in the marketplace will help to create wealth for both the awardees and the nation, adding that “this is the only way that our nation will become more self-reliant by reducing importation of goods and services from other countries.
He noted that the grant Award Ceremony is very important in creating entrepreneurs, who in turn can create new jobs and businesses and can also help promote economic growth and the diversification of our economy.
Earlier in his welcome remark, the Permanent Secretary, Mr. Bitru Nabasu said that the PSCII was inaugurated in 2005 by the Federal Republic of Nigeria to encourage and assist indigenous inventors and innovators that have uncommon ingenuity that could have positive impact on the Nigerian economy and Nigerians.
Nabasu, who emphasized the importance of science and technology, pointed out that the greatest economy of the world is largely driven by Science, Technology and Innovation as such Nigeria cannot be left behind.
The Chairman Senate Committee on Science and Technology, Prof. Robert Ayayi Boroffice lamented absence of innovation in the Universities and other higher institutions in the country, stating that Nigerians who are endowed in the kitchen can come up with innovation that can revolutionize the world.
He urged the beneficiary to see the grant as a challenge to workers harder and do more.
LEADING OFF: Stanton HR streak, Porcello goes for 3 in row
hello
Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner watches his three-run home run against the San Diego Padres during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Los Angeles, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Associated Press
Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton hits a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Miami. Associated Press
A look at what's happening all around the majors Tuesday:
___
STREAKING STANTON
Giancarlo Stanton has homered in five straight games for the Marlins and leads the majors with 43. He's already set the Miami record for homers in a season, topping Gary Sheffield's 42 in 1996.
Stanton has hit 22 home runs in his last 34 games. He takes aim on the Giants once again when the series continues at Marlins Park.
PORCELLO TRIO?
Boston righty Rick Porcello tries to win his third straight start when the Cardinals visit Fenway Park. At 6-14 with a 4.63 ERA, Porcello hasn't been able to duplicate the success he enjoyed last year in taking the Cy Young Award. The AL East-leading Red Sox are hoping he can recapture some of that winning form down the stretch.
VERLANDER QUARTET?
Justin Verlander is trying to win four straight starts for the first time in four years. The Tigers star, who is scheduled to start at Texas, allowed one run over eight scoreless innings against Pittsburgh last Wednesday. He has given up only two runs over 21 innings his last three starts (Houston, Baltimore and the Pirates).
The last time the 2011 AL Cy Young and AL MVP winner won four straight starts was midway through the 2013 season. Verlander is 4-1 with a 3.19 ERA in six road starts against the Rangers. He beat them in Detroit earlier this season with seven solid innings.
HEADY HODGES
It will be Gil Hodges Bobblehead Night at Dodger Stadium when Los Angeles hosts the Chicago White Sox. Hodges played in seven World Series for the Dodgers - six times in Brooklyn and also in 1959 when they beat the White Sox for their first championship in LA. An eight-time All-Star, the first baseman hit 370 home runs and, having also managed the 1969 Miracle Mets to their first title, has several supporters who believe he should be posthumously voted into the Hall of Fame.
Alex Wood (14-1) starts for the Dodgers. At 83-34, a win would put them 50 games over .500.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham schoolboy who survived a terrorist attack which killed his brother and 150 of his classmates is spearheading a new West Midlands anti-terror campaign.
Ahmad Nawaz now tours schools giving talks warning teenagers about the risks of being radicalised.
Now 17, he was just 14 when, in 2014, he survived a Taliban attack on his school in Pakistan by “playing dead”.
But he witnessed his younger brother and all his classmates being slaughtered, and saw his teacher “burned alive” in front of his eyes.
Ahmad has now joined forces with the West Midlands Counterterrorism unit, which launched its latest campaign on Tuesday.
Chief Supt Matt Ward, head of the unit, said the initiative focused on asking members of the public to be officers' “eyes and ears” on the streets to prevent future attacks.
“We are asking people to look out for suspicious activity in their communities and report it,” he said.
“We are saying ‘phone us' if you see someone who doesn't look quite right or is doing something you think isn't right.”
Chief Supt Ward said it was a tip-off from neighbours about suspicious behaviour which led to police swooping on the home of Zahid Hussain in August 2015 in Alum Rock and thwarting his plot to blow up the Birmingham to London train line.
“The threat of a terrorist attack is undiminished with five attacks last year, others disrupted and lots of people still going abroad to Syria,” he said.
“But there is a period, between someone thinking of committing an act and actually carrying it out, where we have a chance to act.
“This period of preparation is the time when members of the public might see them acting suspiciously and should contact us.”
The campaign is being launched on Tuesday with videos and information put on social media platforms and the police's website.
Forget the lipstick index as measure of consumer confidence – this summer in Dublin has been all about the bubbles barometer. Now that the economy has picked up, in some circles at least, the sparkling flutes are out not – and not just for pre-dinner drinks.
Champagne as a wine to be enjoyed throughout dinner, from aperitif, to starter, main course and dessert, has been a recurring theme. The latest offering is the Krug Dining Experience at Wilde restaurant in Dublin's Westbury hotel (running until September 30th).
The €180 price tag on a three-course lunch or dinner, each plate accompanied by a glass of Krug Grande Cuvée or Rosé, may seem steep. But with a bottle of Krug retailing at €200, and approximately five glasses to a bottle, each glass works out at around €40 – and that's to drink it at home, not in Wilde's rather snazzy first floor covered terrace overlooking Harry Street.
Julie Dupouy, sommelier and brand ambassador for Edward Dillon & Co's Champagne house portfolio, worked with Sandeep Singh, executive chef at Wilde, to come up with a seasonal menu to compliment the prestige Champagne.
So you can kick off your Krug experience with a starter of Dublin Bay prawns, asparagus, Iberico ham, aged balsamic syrup and feta. For main course there is a choice of Dover sole Meunière or rack of Irish spring lamb with artichoke and broad beans. Both the lamb, and the dessert of baked Alaska with peach and sour cherry, are served with Krug rosé.
The starter and main courses, accompanied by a glass of Krug, can be ordered individually, but with menu prices of €51 for the starter, €72 for the sole and €90 for the lamb, the all-in price begins to look like better value.
But perhaps not when compared with the Champagne Bollinger dinner at The Marker hotel last month. Executive chef Gareth Mullins's four-course menu, with pre-dinner canapés and petits fours, and five different wines from the house of Bollinger, including La Grande Année, were on offer for a bargainous €85. This is an annual event at The Marker, and not surprisingly, it sells out quickly once announced.
The Veuve Clicquot afternoon tea at The Restaurant by Johnnie Cooke, in Brown Thomas, Grafton Street, Dublin 2 costs between ¤47.50 and ¤75.
In May, five rosé champagnes from the Moët Hennessy stable – Moët & Chandon, Ruinart, Veuve Clicquot, Dom Perignon and Krug, were matched with a menu created by executive chef Peter Byrne for guests at a dinner at Restaurant FortyOne at Residence on St Stephen's Green, serving again to underscore the massive push coming from the Champagne houses this summer to promote the versatility of their product.
A glass of bubbles is a classic accompaniment to afternoon tea, and Veuve Clicquot has teamed up with The Restaurant by Johnnie Cooke at Brown Thomas, Dublin. Yellow Label, rosé, vintage 2008, and La Grande Dame vintage 2006 are each available by the glass, with the price of the afternoon tea rising from between €47.50 and €75, depending on which Champagne you select.
This has to be booked in advance, with 24-hours notice required, and it is available daily between 3pm and 6pm, until the end of September.
By Prince Okafor
The volume of completed mergers and acquisitions (M&A) in the global insurance industry continued dropping during the first six months of 2017 to 170 deals, compared to 186 deals reported for the second half of 2016.
According to Clyde & Co.'s mid-year M&A report, activity is now down 24 percent from a recent high point in H1 2015 when there were 225 deals, the report said, attributing the more cautious environment in part to increased regulation in China, political uncertainty as a result of Brexit in the UK and the ongoing political and economic uncertainties in Greece, Italy and Russia.
Clyde & Co is a global law firm with a focus on five core sectors: insurance, energy, trade & commodities, infrastructure and transport.
The report, however, said that M&A activity was up in the Americas, Middle East & Africa, but down in Europe and Asia.
“The Americas completed 86 transactions during H1 2017, compared to 81 during last year's second half. The Middle East and Africa also reported a slight increase at eight deals this year, compared to just two in H2 2016. On the other hand, European deals dropped 28 percent during the first half of 2017, which Clyde & Co. attributed in part to the distraction of Brexit.
“Completed M&A deals in Asia Pacific fell to 22 during the first half from 36 in H2 2016, partly due to temporary monetary controls in place in China,” the report reads.
U.S. Market
Addressing the M&A scene in the U.S., Vikram Sidhu, a Clyde & Co. partner based in New York, said U.S. deal activity in the second half of 2017 may not be as robust as the first half.
“The caution is driven by several factors, including lesser clarity about what President Trump's administration and the Republican Congress might be able to achieve with respect to issues such as tax reform as well as global uncertainty on issues ranging from the effects of Brexit to North Korea,” noted Sidhu, who specializes in insurance transactional and regulatory matters.
European Market
“In Europe, uncertainty persists with Brexit acting as a significant brake on M&A activity,” according to Andrew Holderness, global head of Clyde & Co.'s Corporate Insurance Group.
“Transactions have been overtaken on the corporate agenda by Brexit preparations as companies realize that there is no time to lose,” he said. “Elsewhere in Europe, political and economic uncertainty in markets as far apart as Greece, Italy and Russia continue to weigh heavy on investor sentiment.”
Nevertheless, insurers across the globe continue to investigate every avenue – both organic and inorganic – in an attempt to deliver growth to shareholders in a difficult trading environment, he went on to say.
Technology Tops M&A Agenda
Although insurtech investment dropped in the first quarter of the year – with funding at US$280 million, versus US$500 million in Q1 2016 – the use of technology as a solution to deliver growth remains a priority for many businesses around the world, according to the Clyde & Co. report, quoting figures from Startupbootcamp and PwC.
“The insurance industry's focus on and interest in insurtech continues unabated – whether it is the development of insurtech organically within insurance companies and groups or through investments and acquisitions…,” said Sidhu.
The reason for such keen interest? He explained that the industry recognizes that insurtech promises to bring about dramatic changes in the near future to almost every aspect of the business.
Market Pressures Drive Disposals
“The rise of broker facilities and an increasing number of managing general agents entering the market is putting additional pressure on insurers and may result in an increasing number of businesses being put up for sale,” said Clyde & Co.
“Investment returns remain under pressure and abundant liquidity in the market means there's little room to differentiate on price,” noted Holderness.
“One key area left in which to generate value is by addressing the cost structure and we will continue to see deals – such as Sompo's acquisition of Endurance, the largest of the year so far – driven by a combination of desire to broaden international reach as well as to generate economies of scale,” he added.
Optimistic Outlook
“Deals are still getting done and a merger or acquisition remains an attractive route to generating value,” said Holderness. “While insurers continue to consider all the tools at their disposal in the quest for growth, there is good reason to expect that more M&A will get over the line in the coming six months.”
Holderness noted that deal making hot-spots are likely to include China where the regulatory environment is expected to ease and allow “a pent-up wave of M&A activity to resume, while overseas expansion” is set to continue.
“The run-off market is another area that has been attracting attention with Enstar's acquisition of QBE's legacy business just one example of this trend,” he continued.
Indeed, run-off M&A activity is expected to continue and may even accelerate as a result of Brexit, Holderness affirmed. “Continental insurers that decide not to write new UK business or vice versa after March 2019 will still have to decide what to do with their legacy books, and run-off specialists will be keen to offer a solution.”
Tipperary 1-20 Waterford 1-11
Tipperary secured their first win of this season's Allianz League with an impressive second-half display where they outscored Waterford by 1-11 to 1-1 at Semple Stadium.
It was another disappointing display from Waterford as they fell to a second successive defeat, having lost their opening tie at home to Wexford.
Jason Forde led the way with 1-9 as Tipperary bounced back from their opening round loss to Clare.
Tipp blew Waterford away in the second half with Derek McGrath's men managing just 1-1 against the breeze.
Tipperary trailed by just a point at 0-10 to 0-9 at the break and then pulled away in the second half.
It took a superb save from Waterford goalkeeper Stephen O'Keeffe to deny Paudie Feehan just 17 seconds after the restart but Forde tied the sides for the fourth time from the resultant 65.
Waterford hit back with a quality goal when a good passing movement was finished to the net from a tight angle by Mark O'Brien.
That tied the game at 0-13 to 1-10 but Tipperary, aided by a dubious lineball in midfield, were awarded a penalty when Michael Breen was fouled by Ian Kenny.
Forde stepped forward to blast home the penalty and Waterford suffered another blow when Austin Gleeson limped off.
Tipperary pushed on to lead by 1-16 to 1-10 going into the final quarter when Seán Curran, Brendan Maher and Ronan Maher delivered good points.
They would have been out of sight had goalkeeper O'Keeffe not produced a wonderful save to deny Forde.
But Waterford lacked penetration at the other end to eat into the lead and Tipperary pushed for home and their first win of the campaign.
Ronan Maher landed a superb lineball from the right and Forde tapped over another free as they pulled away for a deserved win.
Tipperary continued to turn the screw and Ronan Maher split the posts with another fine effort from out the field.
Jamie Barron got Waterford's only point of the second half in stoppage time at the death as they added five wides after the restart.
But they now face a difficult task to regroup after two opening round defeats when they take on Kilkenny in two weeks.
TIPPERARY: P Maher; A Flynn, T Hamill, S O'Brien; J O'Dwyer, Pádraic Maher, P Feehan; R Maher (0-4, 0-1 lineball), B Maher (0-1); D McCormack, N McGrath (0-2, 0-1 lineball), S Curran (0-2); M Breen (0-1), J Forde (1-9, 1-0 pen, seven frees, one ‘65), J McGrath (0-1).
Subs: P Shanahan for McCormack (4 mins), J Barry for O'Dwyer (10), Patrick Maher for Shanahan (58), C Darcy for Curran (69).
WATERFORD: S O'Keeffe; S Fives, B Coughlan, I Kenny (0-1); M O'Brien (1-0), A Gleeson (0-1), K Bennett; S Roche, M Kearney (0-3); K Moran, C Dunford, B O'Halloran (0-1); S Bennett, DJ Foran (0-1), P Curran (0-3, three frees).
Subs: P Hogan for Roche (19 mins), S McNulty for Gleeson (51), J Barron (0-1) for O'Brien (55), P Mahony for Dunford (58), M Walsh for S Bennett (60).
Referee: C Lyons (Cork).
Police say they were called to investigate an altercation involving Diego Maradona and a woman at a hotel in Madrid.
Authorities said officers were dispatched Wednesday after a call from the hotel, but found no evidence of any disturbance after talking to Maradona and the woman.
Authorities said they couldn't confirm if the woman was a hotel guest or Maradona's girlfriend.
Spanish media on Tuesday released a video of Maradona threatening a reporter who tried to talk to him at the hotel in Madrid.
Maradona is in the Spanish capital to watch former club Napoli play Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Brother ‘begged Kim Jong-un to spare his life'
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
Getty
Live Score
Panama 0-0 — X
United States 0-0 — X
United States vs. Panama Game Preview
It's as big of a match as the United States has played in 28 years, as the USMNT faces the possibility of not qualifying for the World Cup if they don't get the job done tonight against Panama. The U.S. enters the match on nine points with a record of 2-3-3, while Panama is a point better at 10 points and a record of 2-4-2.
This is the latest that the United States has left qualifying for the World Cup since 2002, which was current coach Bruce Arena's first time in charge of the national team. In that cycle, the U.S. qualified on the final weekend and reached the quarterfinals in the World Cup, its best showing since 1930.
This cycle, however, has been littered with issues. The Americans got off to a disastrous start with losses to Mexico and Costa Rica, the latter of which cost coach Jurgen Klinsmann his job. Arena's results have been better, but the USMNT still hasn't looked anything like it has in past cycles, when the team qualified with games to spare.
After falling again to Costa Rica and drawing with Honduras, the U.S. received a barrel of criticism from former national team member Alexi Lalas, who has called the current group soft. In response, U.S. goalkeeper Tim Howard, who is expected to start the match tonight, dismissed Lalas' rhetoric and expressed confidence in a victory.
A win will smooth over a lot of issues and leave the U.S. needing to only beat Trinidad and Tobago to secure qualification. But a draw will leave the U.S. needing help from Costa Rica to qualify, and a loss will force them into a playoff with either Syria or Australia, and that's in a best-case scenario.
Roberto Garcia is the match official tonight, and the U.S. will be hoping Christian Pulisic and company can lead the attack past Jaime Penedo and the Panama defense.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Lambert has received a vote of confidence from the Stoke City board with the Potters on the brink of relegation.
The former Aston Villa and Wolverhampton Wanderers manager replaced Mark Hughes in mid-January with the remit of guiding the best365 Stadium strugglers to safety.
After winning his first game, Stoke have now gone 11 matches without a victory and are staring down the barrel of relegation to the Champipnship.
But the Scottish boss has been assured by chairman Peter Coates that he will be given the chance to lead the recovery next season.
Lambert signed a deal to keep him with the Potters until the summer of 2020 and Coates is determined to honour the agreement.
“Paul is under contract and there are no plans to change,” he told the Sentinel.
“We haven't been winning games because we haven't been scoring goals. It's not his fault that we haven't got a goalscorer.
“You must remember we had Jese at great cost and Saido Berahino at great cost, but they haven't performed for us.”
“We did try to strengthen again in January, it wasn't something we were unaware of, but football is more complicated than that.
“We tried to spend money, but for whatever reason we weren't successful. Good strikers who will make a difference are not easy to find, as anyone in football will tell you.
“We tried to sign Daniel Sturridge from Liverpool for example, but he preferred West Bromwich Albion because he wanted to move to that area. We tried for Danny Ings, but once they let Sturridge go they wouldn't let him go.”
Coates has not given up on Stoke surviving, but insists he shares the frustrations of supporters at the Potters' plight.
“We will review everything, but at the moment there are no plans to change the process,” he added.
“If we do get relegated, and it is still an if at the moment, we will only have one focus and that is getting straight back. It is a big challenge, but we are up for it.”
“I am as upset as anybody. The last thing you want is to get relegated and I know our fans are upset and frustrated.”
A decision to make
Villa captain John Terry says he still has the 'appetite' to play football.
Terry, 37, is out of contract this summer and Villa are hoping to persuade him to play on.
Steve Bruce and director of football Steve Round enjoy close relationships with the former Chelsea and England captain and are understood to have been encouraged by conversations over a new deal.
Speaking for the first time about his future, Terry told talkSPORT: "I still have the appetite and hunger for sure. I just want to get this season finished.
"My aim at the start of the season was to get us up, whether that was automatic or via the play-offs.
"One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end.
Transfer rumour: Loanee set to stay at Aston Villa for another season
"Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa, I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me. They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field.
"It has been a good combination and worked well for both, I feel.
"It's been an incredible journey so far. It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed. I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
"I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads, the manager has been superb with me, and the fans as well have been excellent.
Aston Villa's new kit: What a previous Luke 1977 strip looks like
"This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got, how big it is, the players, everyone deserves it. It is huge.
"The travelling support is incredible. We are equipped to go up. We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that."
More Villa news
Christian Benteke was placed on Aston Villa's scouting database by Alex McLeish, BirminghamLive can reveal.
Paul Lambert signed the Belgian striker in 2012 for £6million from Genk - but it was actually his fellow Scot McLeish who identified Benteke.
Benteke, who now plies his trade for Crystal Palace after his £30m switch to Liverpool backfired, spent three years at Villa Park and scored the goals to preserve their top flight status under Lambert and, latterly, Tim Sherwood.
But it wasn't Lambert or scout Paddy Riley who pinpointed Benteke as a potential target. McLeish marked him out as one to watch shortly after he made the ill-fated move across the Second City from Birmingham City.
McLeish, now manager of Scotland, was bemused to arrive at Villa and discover the club hadn't implemented a scouting database to keep tabs on targets from across the globe.
Benteke, who scored 49 goals in 101 appearances in claret and blue, was put forward to McLeish by scout Arthur Numan.
Numan watched Benteke regularly whilst he was playing for Genk - a club McLeish would later manage - and thought Villa could grab themselves a bargain.
McLeish's appointment at Villa Park came at a time when owner Randy Lerner was reining in the spending. Previous managers Martin O'Neill and Gerard Houllier had been backed heavily in the transfer market and Lerner demanded cuts were made.
McLeish was asked to reduce the wage bill and decided to expand Villa's scouting horizons in the hope of snaring a few gems.
The decision to include Benteke's name on the database he installed and ensure Numan and other scouts continued to watch the 6ft 4in frontman was key in the club's decision to sign him.
Papiss Cisse, who eventually joined Newcastle United and fired them to a fifth-placed finish, was another player on the database, as was Gylfi Sigurdsson.
By Scott T. Sterling
Controversial musician Kid Rock has come out in strong support of the women accusing powerful Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment.
Related: Kid Rock Release Country Rocker ‘Tennessee Mountain Top'
Hollywood has been rocked by the reports of Weinstein's behavior which broke this week after years of rumors and innuendo.
“I do not know all the women who have come forward per the New York Times piece on Harvey Weinstein and I am not a fan of many of them, in many ways, especially of their politics (I am certain they are not too fond of me or mine as well!),” Rock wrote on his official website.
“But I applaud their courage to come forward and support them all 100%. Most of us in the entertainment business have heard of these disgusting stories for years about these scumbag heads of studios, record labels, Fortune 500 companies, etc and how they prey on young women and men, especially in Hollywood,” he continued.
“Why even comment on this and put my own neck out there in a fight that's not mine? For my granddaughter, my sisters, my mother, my fiancé, but mostly for the people who have no voice. And I am also not beholden or scared of anyone!,” the rocker added.
“Once again, I support you ladies and I am sure you will not be the last to come forward now that the dam has burst,” Kid Rock wrote at the end of the post. “I do wish for the most positive outcomes for all involved and for some real change in this disgusting space.”
See Kid Rock's full statement here.
Bigger than one day
My interpretation of true love cannot be summed up in one day of the year. It is to love unconditionally with no strings attached, through good days and bad days. True love is conveyed through small gestures to show concern and care. Sure, money helps in showing your appreciation for the other person by way of expensive gifts, and I don't think there's any harm in it at all. True love is when you demonstrate to your loved one that you have their back no matter what the circumstances are.
From Ms Shama Mohammad
Abu Dhabi
Needs no adjective
Love is the word most used and least understood. There is no such thing as true love. Isn't love what is true? Love is a complete noun and needs no adjective. It's wonderful because it is natural. It is unplanned, raw and natural.
Getting someone and loving someone are two different things. It's a liking for somebody or something beyond limits. It's who you would like to spend the most of your time with, without getting bored or depressed. In their absence you may get anxiety and develop eagerness.
From Ms Saifee Tarwala
UAE
Unconditional
Love that has infinite trust, honesty and is willing to give a 100 per cent unconditionally irrespective of what is returned. It's comparable to the love that a parent has for their child.
From Mr Mizna Nizar
UAE
No words needed
It's having a sense of respect without any limitations. Love is something where we give importance to our partner's likings and considerations and, ultimately, how well we understand each other without expressing. That's the gist of true love for me.
From Ms Garima
UAE
Trust
Simply allowing your better half their own independence and allowing them to do what they want shows true love! My husband gives me all the liberty to do what I want, and I love him for being such a lovely person.
From Ms Kavitha Rejil
UAE
Emotionally giving
True love means showing the same care, compassion, reverence and gratitude to all things, be it humans, animals, plants or any other living or inanimate thing. We need not wait for Valentine's Day to express our love. The less we divide our days for showing compassion the better off we will be.
From Mr Ajit Lamba
Dubai
Through hard times
According to Sadhguru, an Indian thinker, no one rises or climbs in love. It's because we fall in it. When you say ‘love', it need not necessarily be convenient. It's not a great thing to do always. You will experience jealousy, be hurt, become emotional and it can be the reason for tears. But these actions are external, because love is an inner feeling. How we are within ourselves. How we passed through the hard times with our loved ones. This is when we tend to forget a bit of ourselves and believe in what they believe in, giving chance to their opinion and philosophy. This is love. It's unconditional.
From Ms Corazon Tarcena
UAE
Spontaneity
I guess many youngsters probably see the approaching of Valentine's Day as something dreadful as the occasion is associated with extra spending to please each other. Commercial outlets, especially jewellery stores, are keen not to waste an opportunity. There is no harm in celebrating an occasion that signifies something good, but today the whole affair has become way too commercialised and they have lost the essence and real meaning of what it is like expressing love.
The problem is that unlike other celebrations where your emotions don't play much role, Valentine's Day demands an expression of love, perhaps at times when it is most unsuitable. The expression of love must come with spontaneity, like a warm hug or a cuddling at the most appropriate time. There is nothing better than being natural when it comes to expressing love. Year after year, Valentine's Day is increasingly becoming a commercial event that plays on the psychology of young people.
From Mr Esmail Mohammad
Dubai
Love conquers all
Putting your partner above all else. There is no need for many material luxuries, but a constant flow of ‘I love you'. My constant expense is a card, which I think is important because it marks the years like notches on a tree. No person is an island and love really does conquer all.
From Mr Keith Lupton
Dubai
Thick and thin
It's to understand each other's needs without asking. Be it money, family support, helping in household chores, deciding menus for parties – we agree with a mutual understanding. It's staying together through thick and thin. Looking at such couples, without blinking an eyelid a stranger would say: “How lovely they look together, they perfectly define true love, which is selfless and has all the ingredients love needs to be perfect.”
From Mr Fauzia Raza
Toronto, Canada
The best feeling
Love is when what you want is never important, but what the other person needs and wants is always paramount. It is indeed one of the best feelings in the world. We fall into it, seek it out, cherish it and share it.
From Mr Syed M. Sajl
UAE
True to yourself
Love by itself is very subjective and an extremely strong emotion to feel towards somebody. To be able to be true to your emotions is what I think true love is all about. It does not necessarily mean roses and endearments, but being there for the person at a time of need. As they say beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder. The truth of an emotion lies in the soul of the beholder. Your love is as true as you are and as long as you are sincere and honest about it, I know for a fact that the universe does conspire to give you what you love!
From Ms Parvathy Premkrishnan-Manakkal
UAE
Helps us grow
The Chinese philosopher, Lao Tazu said: “Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.” True love is a feeling that comes naturally and is pure. It is a perpetual feeling. It doesn't seek anything in return and could be just one-sided. However, when that feeling is reciprocated with similar purity, it nurtures itself and strengthens the bond between lovers. It nourishes and empowers one on a deep emotional and mental level. There is a tremendous sense of fulfilment and contentment when one is on the giving end of love, whereas, a deep sense of security, appreciation and being valued is felt at the receiving end. It has the power to help one to feel grounded enough to grow and evolve into their better or higher version of self. It is a feeling where one feels the connection with the other deep down to the soul rather than just on a physical level.
From Ms Ritu Chawla Ray
Alberta, Canada
Knowing it's true
The invisible cord that connects two hearts together is a feeling that lasts a lifetime and makes every day special. When your heart skips a beat, when you smile for no reason and enjoy daydreaming when your heart hears that name, then you know you are in love. Every time you fall in love, the feeling is true. Somewhere, someday, someone will hold you and you will know that this love was meant to be. I'm in love with the feeling of being loved.
From Ms Dorothy
UAE
A continuous process
For me, true love means being at peace with yourself. Once you have this kind of feeling, everything will fall into place. Happiness, kindness, patience, hope, sacrifice, understanding, commitment and responsibility. Nowadays, many are being deceived by a true love that are being disguised in a materialistic world only to find out that it was not love after all. True love has to be driven by passion by expressing oneself without any discrimination or hesitation. You can be who you are with someone you love. Don't be mistaken by a true love in such a short period of time, it requires a step by step formation to build a long lasting relationship and it doesn't need a deadline, because this is a continuous process that will eventually lead to everlasting love.
From Ms Noel Malicdem
Dubai
Friendship
Valentine's Day has become more popular in most of the countries. Most young men and women exchange greetings and love throughout the world and this day has become more significant. In my opinion, true love is friendship and love. It should bring peace and tranquillity among nations.
From Mr K. Ragavan
Bengaluru, India
Forever
True love knows no boundaries. It is unconditional giving without expecting anything in return. It is
sacrificing for the happiness of that person. It's fewer words, but more of a feeling and action. It's a never ending story. It is forever till death do us part.
From Ms Ma Teresa Edpan
Dubai
Editor's note: Is there a news report that you feel strongly about? Something that has to be addressed in the community and requires resolution? Email us on readers@gulfnews.com. You can also post a comment on our Facebook page or tweet to us @GNReaders.
Valentine's Day can be bittersweet for couples in long-distance relationships. But help may soon be on the way thanks to students at Simon Fraser University's School of Interactive Arts and Technology.
They have created a working prototype of a product they call the "Flex and Feel" – a pair of Wi-Fi connected gloves that allow people to share human touch through cyberspace.
"For example, if the index finger on the flex glove is bent, you will feel the vibration on the index finger on the feel glove,” explained Samarth Singhal, one of the graduate students working on the project.
Singhal's girlfriend studies at Northeastern University in Boston, thousands of kilometres from the Surrey, B.C. campus where he goes to school, so he knows how challenging long-distance relationships can be.
"Intimacy is just one part of the glove. I think it's more about the emotional connection you form through touch,” he said.
Students in the lab are all focused on projects that connect people around the world.
"Basically any relationship that we can connect across distance, we try to make it easier for people to feel sense of social presence with those individuals,” said associate professor Carman Neustaedter.
“I've never felt anything like it,” said Lilian Yang, another student, as she experienced the gloves for the first time.
The students see a lot of potential uses for the Flex and Feel, from simple things like people holding hands during video calls, to more intimate activities.
Actual couples have used the gloves in trials observed by researchers but so far their activities have been relatively tame.
"Sexual intimacy came up and I think that's a potential use for it,” said Neustaedter. “We designed the gloves to be really flexible so you can almost do anything you want to with them. And some people might find that that is a use they have for it."
The gloves are only in the prototype stage but the creators hope to one day see them sold in stores.
Some weeks ago a young woman told me that her brother had been taken to prison the previous day. It so happens that I know the chaplain in that prison so I phoned him and she was then able to talk with him.
She was relieved and before we parted she expressed how her mother would be so happy to know that her son was safe and sound and was out of harm.
It was a throw-away remark she made but it certainly left an impression and indeed has stayed with me.
Over the years I have been in a number of prisons and I can't help but think that far too many prisoners have serious psychological issues and that prison is not the place for them. Not for a moment am I saying that offenders should not pay for their crimes but the vast majority of our prisons are occupied by people from less privileged backgrounds. Too many prisons remind me of a Dickensian world.
Maybe it is because of my own age, my work as a hospital chaplain, or the fact that a friend of mine is unwell, I seem to focus on our fragility.
In our youth, indeed, as long as we are healthy and well, and surrounded by a world of good health and good fortune, we can easily forget our own vulnerabilities and fragility. We can believe that we are masters and mistresses of the human race.
It's a delusion. We're not. And the more we do to support and help one another, the easier we make it for other people.
There are phrases and sentiments in the readings and prayers of tomorrow's liturgy that remind us of our vulnerability and brokenness.
In the first reading from the book of Job (7: 1 -4, 6 - 7) we read: “Is not man's life on earth nothing more than pressed service, his time no better than hired drudgery?”
The final sentence in the reading goes: “Remember that my life is but a breath, and that my eyes will never again see joy.”
In the Gospel reading (Mark 1: 29 -39) we see how Jesus cures Simon's mother-in-law. “He went to her, took her by the hand and helped her up.” What a fabulous description of the gentleness and kindness of one person towards another human being. A wonderful statement of what it means to be a Christian person.
And then the response to the responsorial psalm (Psalm 146) tells us to “Praise the Lord who heals the broken-hearted.” The words can easily trip off our tongues. Better to take a moment out and to think of those words, indeed, to believe that the Lord actually heals the broken-hearted. Surely that gives us solace and hope.
In that Psalm we read: “Praise the Lord for he is good;/sing to our God for he is loving:/to him our praise is due.”
Of course the world is a great place. We all have our ups and downs but anytime we are confronted with pain and suffering and torment, we are forced to ask ourselves what is it all about.
Being kind, helpful and understanding to people always lessens the burden of suffering but eventually we are all doomed. Or are we?
For all of us, with no exceptions, this life ends.
Somehow, someway, something beyond the understanding of any of us, Christians believe that there is resurrection. Most likely it's unwise to dare give it any sort of human meaning or terms, nevertheless it is a belief that has been handed down to us for generations.
American poet Emily Dickinson writes in her poem “I felt a Funeral, in my Brain”: “And then a Plank in Reason, broke,/And I dropped down, and down –/And hit a World, at every plunge,/And Finished knowing – then –”
There has to be more to us than the whimsicalness of this world? I'm inclined to think we get glimpses or reminders of it when we see kindness, gentleness and goodness being shown to our fellow sisters and brothers.
NextEra Energy Resources has commissioned the 81MW Stuttgart solar farm in Arkansas.
The project features more than 350,000 photovoltaic panels spread across 192 hectares.
A subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources will own and operate Stuttgart, which will supply electricity to Entergy Arkansas under a 20-year power purchase agreement.
Stuttgart is also expected to generate about $8m in additional revenue for Arkansas county during the its operational life, NextEra added.
NextEra Energy Resources president and chief executive Armando Pimentel said: “We are pleased to work with our partners at Entergy to bring the largest solar energy centre in Arkansas online.”
Image: NextEra
Hovering about 70 light-years from Earth — that's “next door” by astronomical standards — is a star astronomers call HD 97658, which is almost bright enough to see with the naked eye. But the real “star” is the planet HD 97658b, not much more than twice the Earth's diameter and a little less than eight times its mass. HD 97658b is a super-Earth, a class of planet for which there is no example in our home solar system.
While the discovery of this particular exoplanet is not new, determining its true size and mass is, thanks to Diana Dragomir, a postdoctoral astronomer with UC Santa Barbara's Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope (LCOGT). As part of her research, Dragomir looked for transits of this exoplanet with Canada's Microvariability & Oscillations of Stars (MOST) space telescope.
The telescope was launched in 2003 to a pole-over-pole orbit about 510 miles high. Dragomir analyzed the data using code written by LCOGT postdoctoral fellow Jason Eastman. The results were published online Monday in the Astrophysical Journal Letters.
A super-Earth is an exoplanet with a mass and radius between those of the Earth and Neptune. Don't be fooled by the moniker though. Super-Earth refers to the planet's mass and does not imply similar temperature, composition, or environment to Earth. The brightness of HD 97658 means astronomers can study this star and planet in ways not possible for most of the exoplanet systems that have been discovered around fainter stars.
HD 97658b was discovered in 2011 by a team of astronomers using the Keck Observatory and a technique sometimes called Doppler wobble. But only a lower limit could be set on the planet's mass, and nothing was known about its size.
Transits, such as those observed by Dragomir, occur when a planet's orbit carries it in front of its parent star and reduces the amount of light we see from the star ever so slightly. Dips in brightness happen every orbit, if the orbit happens to be almost exactly aligned with our line of sight from Earth. For a planet not much bigger than our Earth around a star almost as big as our Sun, the dip in light is tiny but detectable by the ultraprecise MOST space telescope.
The first report of transits in the HD 97658 system in 2011 turned out to be a false alarm. That might have been the end of the story, but Dragomir knew that the ephemeris of the planet's orbit (a timetable to predict when the planet might pass in front of the star) was not exact.
She convinced the MOST team to widen the search parameters, and during the last possible observing window for this star last year, the data showed tantalizing signs of a transit — tantalizing, but not certain beyond doubt. A year later, MOST revisited HD 97658 and found clear evidence of the planet's transits, allowing Dragomir and the MOST team to estimate the planet's true size and mass for the first time.
“Measuring an exoplanet's size and mass leads to a determination of its density, which in turn allows astronomers to say something about its composition,” Dragomir said. “Measuring the properties of super-Earths in particular tells us whether they are mainly rocky, water-rich, mini gas giants, or something entirely different.”
The average density of HD 97658b is about four grams per cubic centimeter, a third of the density of lead but denser than most rocks. Astronomers see great significance in that value — about 70 percent of the average density of Earth — since the surface gravity of HD 97658b could hold onto a thick atmosphere. But there's unlikely to be alien life breathing those gases. The planet orbits its sun every 9.5 days, at a distance a dozen times closer than we are from our Sun, which is too close to be in the Habitable Zone, nicknamed The Goldilocks Zone. The Goldilocks nickname is apropos: If a planet is too close to its star, it's too hot; if it's too far away, it's too cold, but if it's in the zone, it's “just right” for liquid water oceans, one condition that was necessary for life here on Earth.
Over the past few years, systems with massive planets at very small orbital radii have proved to be quite common despite being generally unexpected. The current number of confirmed exoplanets exceeds 600, with the vast majority having been discovered by radial velocity surveys. These are severely biased toward the detection of systems with massive planets (roughly the mass of Jupiter) in small orbits. Bucking that trend is HD 97658b, which orbits its star at a distance farther than many of the currently known exoplanets. HD 97658b is only the second super-Earth known to transit a very bright star.
“This discovery adds to the still small sample of transiting super-Earths around bright stars,” Dragomir said. “In addition, it has a longer period than many known transiting exoplanets around bright stars, including 55 Cnc e, the only other super-Earth in this category. The longer period means it is cooler than many closer-in exoplanets, so studying HD 97658b's properties is part of the progression toward understanding what exoplanets in the habitable zone might be like.”
Off-quality canola processor Milligan BioFuels (Bio-Tech) of Foam Lake, Sask., has closed its doors.
The well known buyer of heated, green otherwise damaged canola has laid off its staff and is referring producers and creditors that have existing business with the company to call Calgary's Hardie and Kelly for information.
Milligan is one of the oldest prairie processors of its type. Started by farmers with the assistance of Agriculture Canada and the University of Saskatchewan, the area is in the heart of the traditional canola country in Western Canada.
ADVERTISEMENT
Capable of producing more than 20 million litres of biodiesel annually, using more than 50,000 tonnes of canola, the company has long been the buyer of last resort for many producers across Western Canada.
The business employed about 45 people in its Foam Lake operations, as well as having sales staff in other locations, including a Red Deere, Alta., office.
One of the founders of the biofuels business is local farmer Zenneth Faye. Commenting on an ethanol startup operation for Saskatchewan, using barley as a feedstock, he said last August that the biofuels business is currently challenging.
Faye, a former executive manager of the Milligan Biofuels biodiesel plant said, “Both ethanol and biodiesel have been feeling the pinch along with the petroleum industry with the drop in the price of oil.”
Both producers and creditors can reach Hardie and Kelly at 403-777-9999.
Contact mike.raine@producer.com
Grant Shapps' bid to stir up a rebellion against Theresa May has almost certainly failed. Instead, his decision to publicly call on the PM to go has shown that even after the Tories' lacklustre conference May still retains a wide degree of support among the party's MPs. Here is the full list of Conservative MPs, showing who has thrown their weight behind the PM, who hasn't and who thinks it's time for May to go:
MPs who have publicly backed Theresa May:
Michael Gove, Damian Green, Amber Rudd, Philip Hammond, Jeremy Hunt, Sajid Javid, Patrick McLoughlin, Priti Patel, David Gauke, Brandon Lewis, David Mundell, Chris Grayling, Elizabeth Truss, Andrea Leadsom, Damian Hinds, Justine Greening, David Lidington, Nigel Evans, Liam Fox, Greg Clark, Michael Fallon, Boris Johnson, Greg Hands, Vicky Ford, Jeremy Wright, Steve Baker, James Brokenshire, David Davis, Karen Bradley, Alun Cairns, Margot James, Charles Walker, Michael Fabricant, Marcus Jones, Nadhim Zahawi, Kevin Hollinrake, Gavin Williamson, Lucy Allan, Maria Caulfield, Johnny Mercer, Mark Pritchard, Andrew Rosindell, Alex Chalk, Kit Malthouse, Bob Neill, James Cleverly, Nick Boles, Edward Leigh, Desmond Swayne, Andrew Murrison, James Heappey, Thérèse Coffey, Eddie Hughes, Daniel Kawczynski, Jesse Norman,Nadine Dorries, Crispin Blunt, Sir Nicholas Soames, John Redwood, Philip Dunne, Mims Davies, Pauline Latham, Daniel Poulter, Mike Wood, Craig Tracey,Robert Buckland, Conor Burns, Alistair Burt, Simon Clarke, Leo Docherty, Jackie Doyle-Price, Suella Fernandes, Stephen Kerr, Craig Mackinlay, Wendy Morton, Neil O'Brien, Alok Sharma, Julian Smith, Iain Stewart,Anne-Marie Trevelyan, Huw Merriman
Those who want May gone:
Grant Shapps
Ed Vaizey
James Duddridge
Yet to say – but likely to be loyal to the PM:
Tim Loughton
Kemi Badenoch
Graham Brady
Robert Syms
Iain Duncan Smith
Sarah Wollaston
Stephen Crabb
Stuart Andrew
Heidi Allen
Edward Argar
Victoria Atkins
Richard Bacon
Harriett Baldwin
Steve Barclay
Guto Bebb
Richard Benyon
Sir Paul Beresford
Steve Brine
Robert Buckland
James Cartlidge
Rehman Chishti
Jo Churchill
Kenneth Clarke
Damian Collins
Geoffrey Clifton-Brown
Tracey Crouch
Caroline Dinenage
Jonathan Djanogly
Oliver Dowden
Tobias Ellwood
Michael Ellis
Charlie Elphicke
David Evennett
Kevin Foster
Mark Francois
Lucy Frazer
George Freeman
Mike Freer
Mark Garnier
Sir Roger Gale
Nusrat Ghani
Nick Gibb
Robert Goodwill
Richard Graham
Helen Grant
Dominic Grieve
Andrew Griffiths
Sam Gyimah
Robert Halfon
Luke Hall
Stephen Hammond
Matt Hancock
Richard Harrington
Oliver Heald
Peter Heaton-Jones
Simon Hoare
George Hollingbery
John Howell
Nigel Huddleston
Nick Hurd
Robert Jenrick
Gareth Johnson
Jo Johnson
Andrew Jones
David Jones
Julian Knight
Kwasi Kwarteng
Andrew Mitchell
Mark Lancaster
Phillip Lee
Alan Mak
Stephen Metcalfe
Maria Miller
David Morris
Sarah Newton
Caroline Nokes
Guy Opperman
Mark Pawsey
Mike Penning
Andrew Percy
Claire Perry
Chris Philp
Victoria Prentis
Mark Prisk
Will Quince
Gary Streeter
Mel Stride
Graham Stuart
Hugo Swire
Maggie Throup
Kelly Tolhurst
Justin Tomlinson
Thomas Tugendhat
Robin Walker
Ben Wallace
David Warburton
Matt Warman
Helen Whately
Craig Whittaker
Jake Berry
Michael Tomlinson
Ross Thomson
Bob Blackman
Andrew Bowie
Ben Bradley
Paul Masterton
Rebecca Pow
Kirstene Hair
Alex Burghart
Michelle Donelan
Steve Double
Alan Duncan
Marcus Fysh
Rebecca Harris
Bernard Jenkin
Seema Kennedy
Paul Maynard
Rachel Maclean
Penny Mordaunt
John Penrose
Tom Pursglove
Paul Scully
Caroline Spelman
Andrew Stephenson
Rishi Sunak
Unknown:
Nigel Adams
Adam Afriyie
Peter Aldous
David Amess
John Baron
Henry Bellingham
Peter Bone
Peter Bottomley
Jack Brereton
Andrew Bridgen
Fiona Bruce
Bill Cash
Christopher Chope
Jo Churchill
Colin Clark
Alberto Costa
Robert Courts
Geoffrey Cox
Chris Davies
David Davies
Glyn Davies
Philip Davies
Jonathan Djanogly
Richard Drax
David Duguid
George Eustice
Mark Field
Cheryl Gillan
John Glen
Zac Goldsmith
Luke Graham
Bill Grant
James Gray
Chris Green
Mark Harper
Trudy Harrison
Simon Hart
John Hayes
Chris Heaton-Harris
Gordon Henderson
Nick Herbert
Philip Hollobone
Adam Holloway
Alister Jack
Ranil Jayawardena
Andrea Jenkyns
Dr Caroline Johnson
Gillian Keegan
Sir Greg Knight
Eleanor Laing
John Lamont
Jeremy Lefroy
Oliver Letwin
Andrew Lewer
Julian Lewis
Ian Liddell-Grainger
Julia Lopez
Jack Lopresti
Jonathan Lord
Anne Main
Scott Mann
Stephen McPartland
Esther McVey
Mark Menzies
Amanda Milling
Nigel Mills
Anne Milton
Damien Moore
Nicky Morgan
James Morris
Sheryll Murray
Matthew Offord
Neil Parish
Owen Paterson
Christopher Pincher
Tom Pursglove
Jeremy Quin
Dominic Raab
Jacob Rees-Mogg
Laurence Robertson
Mary Robinson
Douglas Ross
Lee Rowley
David Rutley
Antionette Sandbach
Andrew Selous
Bob Seely
Keith Simpson
Chris Skidmore
Chloe Smith
Henry Smith
Anna Soubry
Mark Spencer
Royston Smith
John Stevenson
Bob Stewart
Rory Stewart
Julian Sturdy
Derek Thomas
David Tredinnick
Shailesh Vara
Martin Vickers
Theresa Villiers
Giles Watling
Heather Wheeler
John Whittingdale
Bill Wiggin
William Wragg
Spotted a mistake? Email: tgoodenough@spectator.co.uk with any corrections
Police tape blocks an entrance to an apartment following a fatal fire Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Port Arthur, Texas. KFDM via AP Kelsey Borza
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A thug who killed a businessman with a single punch outside a bar has been jailed for six years.
Vijay James Masih, of Brook Road, Willenhall, near Wolverhampton, found guilty of the manslaughter of Robert Bavington.
It happened outside Moo Bar in Russell Street, Leamington Spa, during the early hours of April 10 last year.
Mr Bavington suffered fatal head injuries and was rushed to hospital but could not be saved.
Masih,31, denied the charge but was found guilty by a unanimous verdict on Wednesday following a week-long trial at Warwick Crown Court.
Mr Bavington, 28, was a "young man of fine character with his life very much ahead of him", according to Det Chief Insp Liam Barry, of Warwickshire Police .
“His death was not the result of an unfortunate event such as a car accident or life-long illness, but because of a senseless act of one individual with no real meaning or justification," the officer said.
"Robert had done nothing wrong.
“His loss in such tragic circumstances has caused untold misery to his family and friends with many lives turned upside down.
“The sentence handed to the defendant will not bring Robert back or take away the trauma, pain and suffering caused, but I hope they will be able to take comfort from the fact Masih will be behind bars and will not be able to cause harm to another family.
“One fact that was never disputed in this case was that Masih had punched Robert, however the challenge for our investigation was that there was no motive.
“Robert's death serves to remind us that one punch can have devastating consequences and ultimately - as in this case - can kill.
“I'd urge anyone on a night out to know their limits and do everything they can to ensure a safe and enjoyable evening is had without it ending in tragedy.”
Kerry 1-15 Mayo 2-9
Sometimes it's good to stir the hornets net. Kerry's youngsters came to Castlebar, shot the lights out, bullied venerable Mayo names, had two men sent-off on yellow cards with a full 20 minutes left, almost combusted and finally won. What a result for the Kingdom. If the teenagers brought their ID's, they'd deserve a night out on the tiles around Linenhall Street.
Mayo contributed to their demise by misfiring with a series of frees against a stretched Kerry defence and the night could have turned but for a vital intervention when Shane Enright came from nowhere to catch a Colm Boyle shot on the goal line in the 57th minute.
This was a jagged-edged match with something beyond February rancour at the heart of it. Kerry needed to stand up and be counted and weren't found wanting. If Mayo have one genuine grievance, it's that Aidan O'Shea was hauled and dragged into coughing up the possession which led to Kerry's 37th minute goal.
But the big midfielder stood and raised his arms in protest while his marker, Gavin Crowley, stormed up-field and took a pass from Barry John Keane to land a terrific goal. It summed up Kerry's attitude: positive, impudent and fearless. They deserved the spoils and it felt like a match that was worth a month of training to them. 11,639 showed up: most of them were packed into the MacHale Park bar to watch Jonny Sexton's drop goal before racing across to the stadium for what was a gripping league match.
Mayo's Shane Nally with Kerry's Paul Geaney and Sean O'Shea. Photograph; John McVitty/Inpho
Kerry pulverised Mayo everywhere except the scoreboard in the first half. They looked ravenous for work all over the field and once in position they were brilliantly businesslike in getting the ball into a scintillating full forward line of David Clifford, Paul Geaney and Barry John Keane. Clifford clipped a point and created a goal chance before hobbling off after just 20 minutes, hopefully not a harbinger of the demands being placed on his young frame.
But the Kingdom front line was buzzing with adventure and confidence: five of the six starters had delivered quick, clean points from play in the first half and Keane was a model of efficiency. The Kerins man is one of the more intriguing characters of the present set-up; practically a veteran in comparison to some of the new faces and maybe ready to move on from enigmatic role actor to leading man this season.
They fired 0-10 from play in the first half. In addition, Sean O'Shea had a penalty brilliantly saved by David Clarke, they turned four good scoring chances wide and dropped a ball short. They could have been out of sight. And they weren't resting on their laurels either, aggressively closing down the short options for Clarke's restarts.
At the other end of the field, Enright set the tone for an uncompromisingly tight defensive effort: the fear of getting turned which had stalked Kerry's defence in recent years didn't exist here. Yes, it's early February; the night hazy and the ground soft but the Kerry defenders backed themselves one-on-one. The result was just a single point from play, from midfielder Barry Moran. And they didn't flinch in the face of up-front tackling from Mayo's forwards. The exchanges were tough and often and you can bet it warmed Eamonn Fitzmaurice's heart to see the youngsters standing up to this.
Mayo's Brendan Harrison with Kerry's Paul Geaney. Photograph; John McVitty/Inpho
But what a head-scratcher for them to find themselves just a point up at the break! They paid for two lapses: Aidan O'Shea won a throw-ball on the edge of the D and found Diarmuid O'Connor looping around the ball-watching defence. His finish, in the 13th minute, was clean and low.
And Mayo needed that goal: they were still stuck on 1-2 in the 34th minute and looked all at sea. Then a big, piercing run up the middle by Paddy Durcan sent Neil Douglas through and the Mitchels man was dragged down. O'Connor stepped up to revive hopes from the penalty spot and Jason Doherty added a well-struck free to leave themselves perfectly placed on the board despite being bossed in so many sectors.
But the second half rally never quite materialised for Mayo despite the appearance of the Howitzers - Boyle, Moran and O'Connor. Kerry held off for a big win that will stand to them in the summer and Kingdom rang out when referee Derek O'Mahoney blew it up in the 74th minute. It's never dull between these two.
Mayo: 1 D Clarke, 2 B Harrison, 3 G Cafferkey, 4 E O'Donoghue; 6 S Coen, 9 S Nally, 7 P Durcan; 8 J Gibbons, 21 B Moran (0-1), 10 K McLoughlin, 11 S O'Shea, 12 D O'Connor (2-0, 1 pen); 13 N Douglas, 25 J Doherty (0-1 free), 14 E Regan (0-1 free). Substitutes: 19 C Crowe for 3 G Cafferkey (23 mins inj), 22 C O'Connor for 14 E Regan (45 mins inj), 15 A Moran for 13 N Douglas (53 mins), 5 C Boyle for 9 S Nally (53 mins), 24 F Boland for 21 B Moran (63 mins), 23 C Loftus for J Doherty (73 mins).
Kerry: 1 S Murphy; 7 R Shanahan, 3 J Foley, 4 S Enright, 5 P Murphy 2 B O' Beaglaoich, 6 R G Crowley; 8 J Berry, 9 B O'Sullivan (0-1), 10 M Burns (0-2), 11 S O'Shea (0-2), 12 S O'Brien, 13 D Clifford (0-1), 14 P Geaney (0-1), 15 BJ Keane (0-3). Substitutes: 19 J Savage for 13 D Clifford (20 mins inj), 17 B O'Sullivan for 12 S O'Brien (43 mins), 25 A Barry for 15 BJ Keane (53 mins), 21 M Flaherty for 11 S O'Shea (55 mins), 26 E O'Conchuir for 10 M Burns (59 mins), 18 C Coffey for 2 B O'Beaglaoich (65 mins black card).
Referee: Derek O'Mahoney (Tipperary).
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
By Dayo Johnson
AKURE—THE Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria, APBN, in Ondo state, yesterday, kicked against the introduction of Land Use Charge by the state government, warning Governor Rotimi Akeredolu “to drop the idea in the interest of peace in the state.”
President of APBN, Gboyega Akerele said: “The controversial policies would further impoverish the people of the state. The Land Use Charge will make owners of structures to pay more taxes on their landed property.”
Akerele urged the state government to “consult stakeholders, especially landlords and professionals, before introducing or implementing the policy which, in recent times, set the Lagos State government against its people.”
“Although, the policy is targeted to help the government to generate additional revenue needed to develop the state infrastructure, but the tax is heavily weighed against the poor.”
Recall that the state Finance Commissioner, Wale Akinterinwa had described the Land Use Charge law as a veritable and legal revenue generation means for the government.
Brooklyn Nets guard Allen Crabbe 33) tries to strip the ball from Memphis Grizzlies forward Dillon Brooks
"They had to pay me for the work that I already did and for the costs I paid during travelling to promote their work. According to the contract they are supposed to give me R500000 for signing. I have missed out on other gigs of a similar nature because of them," he said.
Spain's Jorge Campillo and South African Dylan Frittelli lead the Maybank Championship after a third round which saw 13 different players holding a share of the lead at some point.
As the rest of the pack fought for supremacy in Kuala Lumpur, Campillo and Fratelli were able to post bogey-free rounds of 66 to reach 15 under.
That gave the pair a one-shot lead over American Berry Henson and India's Khalin Joshi who both hit 65s.
The leaders both sit 18 shots clear of Darren Clarke, who endured a third round to forget in the Malaysian capital.
Having made a rare and welcome cut Clarke unravelled on Saturday, shooting a seven over par 79 to tumble to the bottom of the leaderboard.
Scotland's Marc Warren lies tied for fifth with five other players on 13 under after carding 69. His group is also made up of Thailand's Prayad Marksaeng and Phachara Khongwatmai, Japanese pair Hideto Tanihara and Ryo Ishikawa and Italian Nino Bertasio.
England's Lee Westwood had been in contention after the second round more than two decades after his first victory at the Saujana Golf & Country Club but dropped down the order after a third-round 70.
He finished the third day as part of an eight-man group tied for 11th on 12 under par which also included Spain's Pablo Larrazabal.
English pair Andrew Johnston and Chris Paisley and Scotland's Scott Jamieson lie two shots further back on 10 under.
Volkswagen said it is launching a “zero-emission” car-sharing service called WE next year, a move that could accelerate its battery-powered car production and take on the likes of Uber and Didi in the mobility space.
The VW brand, which makes up about half of revenue for the Volkswagen Group, said it plans to launch the WE service in Germany next year, with an international rollout to begin as early as 2020 “in major cities in Europe, North America and Asia”.
“Our vehicle-on-demand fleets will consist entirely of electric cars, and will therefore provide zero-emission, sustainable mobility,” said Jürgen Stackmann, VW brand board member overseeing sales. VW's first long-range electric car, the ID Neo, will be produced in Zwickau and is scheduled for series production late next year.
The car-sharing plan is one of many mobility plays among carmakers, who are concerned of becoming “Foxconns of the car industry” – after the company which assembles Apple's iPhones – if car-sharing and ride-hailing services replace individual car ownership.
This week, PSA and Renault each said they would soon launch electric car-sharing services in Paris. In March, BMW and Mercedes announced they would team up on all mobility services to ensure they had enough scale to compete.
VW's WE mobility service may also include on-demand services such as the ID Cityscater and the ID Streetmate, two electric scooters VW had previously shown.
Each of the concepts falls under VW's emerging mobility brand, MOIA, which will include ride-hailing, parking and pooling services.
The platform, VW said, will be managed by UMI Urban Mobility International, a Berlin-based unit owned by VW and run by Philip Reth.
“Our customers expect an environmentally-friendly fleet that takes them to their destination quickly and at a fair price – and that is exactly the experience we will be delivering,” Mr Reth said. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
By Udeme Akpan
Nigeria LNG Limited (NLNG) is planning to reinforce the Domestic Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) market with a new LPG vessel which will boost volume and availability, as well as consolidate the company's contributions to deepen the domestic LPG industry and increase consumption of the clean gas.
The new LPG vessel will be built by E.A Temile and Sons Company Limited, a wholly Nigerian company, under a contract with Hyundai Mipo Dockyard, South Korea and chartered to NLNG.
At a contract signing ceremony between E.A Temile and Sons Limited and Hyundai Mipo Dockyard in London on Thursday, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of NLNG, Tony Attah, remarked that the signing ceremony was ground-breaking for NLNG because it supports the company's aspiration, firstly, to further help develop the DLPG market and to promote the growth of indigenous companies and Nigeria's economy.
“NLNG remains the single largest supplier of Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) (over 50 percent) in Nigeria and looks to enable its expansion in future.”
We produce the LPG in our Plant in Bonny, Rivers State, Nigeria, and transport it by sea to Lagos from where it is distributed to every part of the country. This assures the product availability, accessibility, and affordability which is central to us as a company. NLNG's domestic LPG intervention scheme aligns with its business focus of bringing energy to the world and helping to build a better Nigeria.
“A World Health Organisation (WHO) Report on Household Air Pollution and Health published in May 2018, affirms that, about 4 million people die prematurely annually from illness attributable to air pollution from inefficient cooking practices using solid fuels and kerosene. And local data suggests that about 100,000 women and children die in Nigeria annually from the same causative factors. We believe that the expansion and strengthening of the DLPG market can help to stem this tide in Nigeria,” he said.
On NLNG's contribution to Nigerian Content, he stated: “We work closely with the Nigeria Content Development Monitoring Board to ensure compliance with the Nigeria Oil and Gas Industry Content Development (NOGICD) Act 2010, consequent upon which we signed a Business to Business Service Level Agreement (SLA) with NCDMB in June 2017, the first of its kind in the relationship between the oil and gas industry operators and NCDMB in Nigeria.
“Examples of our Nigeria Content initiatives implementation include BGT Plus Project where over 80,000 metres of cable, manufactured in Nigeria by Nexans Kabelmetal, as well as 9,000 pieces of anodes, produced by Metec WA, were exported to South Korea for utilization in the construction of 6 new Dual Fuel Diesel Engines (DFDE) LNG carriers.
“PCMN/Berger Paints Nigeria Limited exported over 400,000 litres of Paints and Coatings and IO Furniture/Vina produced and exported movable furniture to South Korea, all for the construction of the LNG carriers. In addition, Nigerians were involved in the project at the Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI) and Samsung Heavy Industries (SHI) shipyards in South Korea.
“The benefitting indigenous companies, some of whom were exporting their products for the very first time, earned revenues in excess of $10 million and international reputation as exporting companies. All these are testaments that great things can truly happen once we set our minds to achieve them – same way we believe and are working assiduously towards achieving the FID for NLNG T7 which in addition to raising our LNG production capacity by 36 percent, from 22,000 million tonnes per annum to 30,000 million tonnes per annum, also has capacity for 1.0 MTPA in the DLPG market,” he remarked.
Also at the ceremony, the Executive Secretary of Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board (NCDMB), Simbi Kesiye Wabote, remarked that the signing ceremony was a manifestation of the local content journey in the LPG sector, adding “I commend NLNG for this bold endorsement of our local capacities and capabilities. It is certainly a confidence building move across board and I expect several operators and service providers to get inspirations from this milestone event and see the possibilities in our local content practice rather than the difficulties.”
The 23,000 cubic metres vessel will be delivered in 2020. NLNG is owned by four shareholders, namely, the Federal Government of Nigeria, represented by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC (49 percent), Shell Gas B.V. (25.6 percent), Total GazElectricite Holdings France (15 percent), and Eni International N.A. N. V. S.àr. l (10.4 percent).
Legislation currently before the Oireachtas would create a “free-for-all” for organisations to set up shop in Ireland and to influence elections with impunity, data protection experts have claimed.
It is alleged US firm Cambridge Analytica harvested private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users without their permission in 2014, and that this ultimately enabled it to exploit the social media activity of millions of American voters ahead of President Donald Trump's campaign in 2016.
Whistleblower Christopher Wylie alleged an academic, Aleksandr Kogan, through his firm Global Science Research, in collaboration with Cambridge Analytica, paid hundreds of thousands of Facebook users to take a personality test and agree to have their data collected through an app.
It was claimed details from 50 million profiles were gathered as the app was able to collect data from the Facebook friends of the paid users.
Mr Wylie said the personal information was used to build models “to exploit what we knew about them and target their inner demons”.
‘Blanket permission'
Data-protection consultant Daragh O'Brien, managing director of Castlebridge, said the Data Protection Bill 2018 currently going through the Oireachtas created “a blanket permission” for organisations of any kind harvesting personal data for ‘electoral activities'.
Whistleblower Christopher Wylie alleged data from the profiles of 50 million Facebook users was used to build models “to exploit what we knew about them and target their inner demons”. Photograph: Andrew Testa/The New York Times
“That term is not defined anywhere, so creates a free-for-all for organisations like Cambridge Analytica to set up shop here and influence voters and elections anywhere in the world with impunity and no possibility of sanction from the DPC [Data Protection Commissioner]. If we want Ireland to be the global capital of election manipulation, this is precisely how it is done,” he said.
The Bill passed the committee stage in the Seanad last month and will give effect to the new EU General Data Protection Regulation and an associated directive on policing matters.
Section 43 provides that “subject to suitable and specific measures being taken to safeguard the fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects, the processing of personal data revealing political opinions shall be lawful” in a number of circumstances.
These include where the processing is carried out “in the course of election activities for the purpose of compiling data on people's political opinions by a political party, by a body established by or under an enactment, or by a candidate for election to, or a holder of, elective political office”.
The Department of Justice said on Monday that section 43 “imposes safeguards on the processing of personal data; it does not allow for the sharing of such data”.
It said it was important that section 43 was not read in isolation and that section 33 of the Bill provided for a wide range of measures to be put into ministerial regulations under the Act to safeguard individuals' rights.
European Parliament president Antonio Tajani said on Monday: “Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights. The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Southampton claimed all three points in a frenetic Premier League match at The Hawthorns which only leaves hosts West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble at the bottom of the table.
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game on its head after Ahmed Hegazi's opener, and James Ward-Prowse, from a free-kick in the second half, sealed the 3-2 victory.
Salomon Rondon pulled on back in the last twenty minutes, but it proved to be in vain and the Saints inflicted a serious blow to their survival hopes, while strengthening their own.
Alan Pardew handed Daniel Sturridge his first start for the Baggies, having arrived at the club on loan from Liverpool on Monday.
Mauricio Pellegrino also flaunted his own new attacker, £19m forward Guido Carrillo, who started for the first time since his move from Monaco last month.
It was an emotionally charged afternoon at The Hawthorns, as Albion paid tribute to the late Cyrille Regis prior to kick off.
Here's how Albion rated.
Foster - 7
Could have done very little about Southampton's first-half goals. If anything, Foster was one of the better players for Albion.
He pulled off an expert save to deny Carrillo before Lemina's equaliser and his collection from crosses was top drawer.
Was left unsighted for the third.
Dawson - 5
Struggled, like Nyom on the opposing side, to handle livewire Boufal for much of the afternoon.
The pairing with Phillips on the right hand side, which usually is cohesive, didn't offer the same threat.
McAuley - 5
The captain saved his side when Tadic got in between Foster and Hegazi, but he also fouled Hoedt in the build up to Ward-Prowse's eventual winner.
Plenty for him to deal with as Carrillo kept Albion busy too.
Hegazi - 7
A bullet header from Chris Brunt's corner to begin proceedings was met with rapturous cheers.
That should have set the tone for the afternoon, but the performance never came.
Nyom - 5
Played on his weaker side, Nyom got forward on a couple of occasions in the first half and offered testing crosses.
Defensively, though, the Cameroonian struggled to cope with the lively Tadic and Boufal for large periods.
Yacob - 5
Certainly effective in a midfield three, Yacob struggled as just a pair alongside veteran Gareth Barry.
The legs and drive of Grzegorz Krychowiak were certainly missed.
Replaced after an hour.
Barry - 5
Booked for a lunge on Romeu in the first half, and had to watch himself from thereon in.
Tidy on the ball, as always, but featuring as a two alongside Yacob saw him overrun on a number of occasions.
Brunt - 7
A typical Brunt delivery set up Hegazi's opening goal. Another brilliant ball in the second half, this one from open play, provided Rondon the chance to head home - and he duly obliged.
One of the more positive performances from an Albion player today.
Phillips - 5
His deliveries weren't at the required level today.
The winger offered pace and width, but wasn't able to affect the game in the final third.
Lost a crucial 50-50 in the build up to the corner from Lemina's opener.
Rondon - 6
Ran and ran in the first half, but passed up a couple of openings.
Played in Burke for his golden chance, and linked up better generally with Rodriguez when he entered the fray.
Sturridge - 6
Looked lively with the ball at his feet, though the supply wasn't always what he's enjoyed at Liverpool.
Had one chance, from a tight angle in the first half, but generally he'll hope for better in the coming weeks.
Subs
Rodriguez (for Sturridge, 62) - 6
Perhaps unlucky to be dropped, having been in such fine form, but he looked a man on a mission when he came on.
Involved in some positive build up play that didn't bear any fruit.
Burke (for Yacob, 62) - 6
Provided a fresh pair of legs and demonstrated his searing pace within minutes of entering the fray.
Stayed on his feet under a challenge from McCarthy and appeared a chance missed - but could he have had a penalty?
McClean (for Nyom, 77) - 5
Provided an urgency when he came on.
A poor cross proved to waste an opportunity in the latter stages, and he then lost the ball deep into stoppage time as Albion looked to mount an attack to rescue the game.
Subs not used: Myhill, Jameson, Harper, Field
Southampton - McCarthy; Cedric, Stephens, Hoedt, Bertrand; Lemina, Romeu, Ward-Prowse, Boufal (Hojberg 85), Tadic (Redmond, 88); Carrillo (Long, 75)
Subs not used: Forster, Yoshida, Davis, Gabbiadini
GOALS
Albion - Hegazi (4), Rondon (72); Southampton - Lemina (4), Stephens (43), Ward-Prowse (55)
REF - Michael Oliver (Northumberland)
ATTENDANCE : 25,911 (2,175 away)
NEXT UP: Chelsea (a) - Monday 12 February (8pm KO)
George McPhee was named as a finalist for the NHL's General Manager of the Year Award. (FOX5/File)
George McPhee, of the Vegas Golden Knights, is one of three finalists for the National Hockey League's General Manager of the Year Award.
Kevin Cheveldayoff, of the Winnipeg Jets and Steve Yzerman, of the Tampa Bay Lightning, were also named finalists for the award.
McPhee built the Golden Knights team that made history during the inaugural season. He assembled the team from the NHL Expansion Draft, which was conducted less than three months before training camp opened.
The team became the first modern-era expansion team from any of the four North American pro sports leagues to start from scratch and win its division, according to the NHL. The Vegas Golden Knights also became the third club in NHL history to win multiple playoff series in its inaugural season. Eleven players recorded their career-best point totals with the team.
McPhee was also a finalist for the 2009 to 2010 award with the Washington Capitals.
Voting for the award was conducted among the NHL general managers and a panel of league executives at the end of the second round of the 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs. The winner will be announced June 20 during the NHL Awards at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Why it matters: Marking Intel's 40th anniversary of its iconic 8086 processors, a new highly binned hexacore CPU will debut as a tribute to what helped Intel capture the world's attention. The i7-8086K could be the new choice CPU for overclocking enthusiasts. An official reveal is expected at a keynote on June 5.
Several retailers have listed the Intel Core i7-8086K as a new CPU for sale beginning on June 8 with shipments expected to arrive to consumers around June 12. It is believed to be a heavily binned variant of the i7-8700K carrying a little bit of a price premium.
All listings of the yet to be announced CPU has the same manufacturer part number (BX80684I78086K). It uses the same LGA1151v2 socket as previous 8th generation Intel CPUs. Pricing is currently sitting at around $480.
Intel is using UHD Graphics 630 as the integrated option on the i7-8086K, but realistically anybody interested in it is unlikely to use low-tier graphics options.
The main point of contention is what the clock speed is going to be on this anniversary edition CPU. One retailer lists a clock speed of 4GHz while an Italian retailer lists the frequency at 5GHz. A boxed processor sitting at 5GHz could make many enthusiasts overlook the premium pricing applied, but might be a little too optimistic. It is more than likely that this refers only to the boost clock.
No matter what the clock speeds end up being, it is assuredly faster than the original 8086's record breaking 5MHz to 10MHz clock speeds achieved on a 3-micrometer architecture.
As with all of Intel's other unlocked processors, the i7-8086K does not include a stock cooler. Again, nobody interested in such a part need be concerned by lack of a barely passable cooling solution.
After 40 years, Intel has certainly come a long way, but the i7-8086K will not be a perfect CPU. It is still likely to be susceptible to Spectre and Meltdown variants since it will not have a revised architecture. If this anniversary edition is just a highly binned i7-8700K, expect it to run hot as well.
Image Credit: Videocardz
—
ADVERTISING agencies are joining a new campaign pledging not to accept work promoting the ‘no' campaign for marriage equality.
Some of Australia's biggest advertisers are involved in the Say No to No campaign, as well as smaller agencies and freelancers, Huffington Post has reported.
Many LGBTI advocates and mental health experts have said a plebiscite and public debate will be harmful to the LGBTI community.
“A plebiscite would give anti-gay campaigners the biggest stage they have ever had,” said Australian Marriage Equality.
“I've been in ads for over 30 years and it's a great community,” said Nick Cummins, creative partner at The Royals agency and one of the campaign's organisers.
“Sometimes we have to make messages or ads for things we don't necessarily believe in 100 percent, but when it comes to these sorts of issues, it's an opportunity for us to have an impact. This is something we can make a difference.
“We know there are going to be those hurtful and harmful messages which will hurt a lot of Australians, so this is us having the ability to say ‘not on our watch'. It's like refusing to work on tobacco advertising, I see it as similar.
“This is not about stopping people voting no, it's just us saying we won't create hurtful messages.”
Say No to No has already been joined by hundreds of advertisers who refuse to promote the anti–marriage equality message, despite the millions of dollars in potential revenue.
“Imagine if every agency, production company, sound designer or illustrator said no to working on these harmful ads,” said the campaigners in a statement.
“Imagine then our friends in media also standing up and saying no to the no campaign. And brands also joining in to pledge that no harmful ads will appear on their sites or channels.
“Yes, the no campaigners will find a way to make their hurtful divisive messages. But we can make it difficult for them.
“And more importantly, we as an industry can show our friends in the non-heterosexual community that we still believe in them and in fairness.”
By Rob Kiser
rkiser@dailycall.com
GREENSBORO, NC — The Covington girls 4×400-meter relay team of Breanna Kimmel, Paige Boehringer, Morgan Lowe and Rayna Horner was coming off winning the Division III girls state championship, while Lauren Christian finished third at the state meet in the shot put.
Kimmel and Horner both graduated, while Boehringer and Christian will be seniors and Lowe will be a junior.
Following the completion of the spring season, the five raised money to make the trip to the New Balance Nationals Outdoor meet in Greensboro, North Carolina — with assistant coach Jason Sutherland.
The relay team finished seventh in the Emerging Elite 4×400 relay in 3:58.68, while Christian finished 29th in the Championship shot put with a throw of 40-3.5.
“It was amazing,” Breanna Kimmel, who will attend Ball State University in the fall, said. “My senior year has been so much more than I ever expected it to be, and it was a great experience.”
Horner, who will run for Toledo University next year, agreed.
“I just felt really fortunate to have the opportunity to compete in something like that,” Horner said. “It was a great experience. To be there competing against different clubs and private schools and we were one of the few public schools there.”
And the heat was on from the start.
“It was really hot, and I was just trying to run as fast as I could,” Kimmel said. “It would have been nice to have finished sixth, but we had never run in anything on this scale. And we had a junior and sophomore, so to finish as high as we did, that was pretty good.”
Horner agreed.
“Yes and no,” Horner said about being happy with the race. “I know our time wasn't as good as at state, but this was a whole different level. And it was so hot. I know it was in the 90s back in Ohio, and we ran at noon. It was like you could feel your feet burning as you ran.”
Horner said it was different than running at the state meet.
“Of course it was intense,” she said. “But it was different than state. When we went to state, our goal was to win. There was less pressure. We still wanted to do well, but our expectations were different competing against all these great clubs and private schools. It was really interesting.”
Kimmel — a four-time state qualifier — isn't sure if she will run in college.
“I may walk on (at Ball State),” she said. “But that is dependent on my schoolwork that comes first. This was definitely an amazing way to finish (her high school track career).”
Horner feels like the meet was good preparation for her college career.
“That is what a lot of people told me after the race,” she said. “This is a taste of what running in college (at Toledo) will be. For the five of us to be able to go do this, it was a great experience.”
Where both Spitzer and the Buccaneers showed they can compete with the best.
Rob Kiser can be reached at (937) 451-3334.
Mike Ullery/AIM Media file Breanna Kimmel runs at the state track and field meet. Kimmel and the Covington 4×400 relay recently finised seventh at the New Balance Nationals outdoor meet. https://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/07/web1_060118mju_track_cov_4x400girls.jpg Mike Ullery/AIM Media file Breanna Kimmel runs at the state track and field meet. Kimmel and the Covington 4×400 relay recently finised seventh at the New Balance Nationals outdoor meet. Mike Ullery/AIM Media file Rayna Horner runs at the state track and field meet. Horner and the Covington 4×400 relay recently finised seventh at the New Balance Nationals outdoor meet. https://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/07/web1_060118mju_track_cov_4x400girls2.jpg Mike Ullery/AIM Media file Rayna Horner runs at the state track and field meet. Horner and the Covington 4×400 relay recently finised seventh at the New Balance Nationals outdoor meet. Josh Brown/Aim Media File Lauren Christian recently competed in the New Balance Nationals outdoor meet in the shot put. https://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/07/web1_lauren-christian.jpg Josh Brown/Aim Media File Lauren Christian recently competed in the New Balance Nationals outdoor meet in the shot put.
Do you want to be the first to receive our latest news? Subscribe here in your favorite sections.
Your privacy is ensured in base of "Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) and Organic Law 15/1999, of 13 December on the Protection of Personal Data".
VANCOUVER — The University of British Columbia will exclude fossil fuel companies from its low-carbon investment fund, a move being applauded by a campus group that has been pushing for divestment.
The university has rejected calls to divest entirely from fossil fuels, but last year it established the $10-million Sustainable Future Fund to invest in companies with low carbon dioxide emissions.
On Tuesday, the school said in an emailed statement that its board of governors voted to approve a framework for the fund that would see it invested in a fossil fuel-free portfolio managed by investment firm Jarislowsky Fraser.
Donors can contribute over time and the university will increase the fund if it performs well in the coming years, with potential increases of $5 million in 2017, 2018 and 2019.
Investments tied to oil, gas and coal made up about 10 per cent of the school's $1.4-billion endowment as of February 2016.
No Canadian university has divested fully from fossil fuels, but the University of Ottawa has also established a clean investment fund while Concordia University in Montreal has partially divested.
Stephanie Glanzmann, a student with UBC350, the group that has been advocating for complete divestment, said the fight will continue.
"Although we're taking this as a win, we have a long way to go," said Glanzmann.
"We intend to continue advocating and keeping a close eye on their actions moving forward."
The Canadian Press
The winners have been announced for a photography competition capturing wildlife and scenery from across the Galapagos Islands.
Image copyright McKenna Paulley/ Galapagos Conservation Trust Image caption This image by McKenna Paulley has won the 2017 Galapagos Conservation Trust photography competition. The image, of a storm petrel apparently walking on water while looking for food, was taken off the coast of Fernandina Island. The judges were impressed by the detail that Paulley captured.
Image copyright Carlos Cuenca Solana / GCT Image caption The categories of the competition included Animal Behaviour, Botanical, Landscape, Man in the Archipelago and Animal Portrait. This image of a swallow-tailed gull by Carlos Cuenca Solana won first place in the last category and took second place in the overall competition.
Image copyright Andres Eduardo Paredes Buenaño/ GCT Image caption Siempre Angelito VI is a stranded ship on the shore of San Cristobal Island and third place winner. The photographer, Andres Buenano, was fascinated by the effect that time has had on its beauty. This image also won first place in Man in the Archipelago category.
Image copyright Ivan Dario Vasquezala/ GCT Image caption Taken on Floreana Island, this image by Ivan Dario Vasquezala of a great blue heron catching a sea turtle hatchling won first place in the Animal Behaviour category.
Image copyright James Robins/ Galapagos Conservation Trust Image caption Photographer James Robins won second place in the Animal Behaviour category with this image of a Galapagos mockingbird feeding its chick.
Image copyright Sheri Vandermolen/ Galapagos Conservation Trust Image caption This image by Sheri Vandermolen of a land iguana on South Plaza Island captures the cheeky character of the species perfectly and attained second place in the Animal Portrait category.
Image copyright Eric Williams/ Galapagos Conservation Trust Image caption Eric Williams won first place in the Botanical category with his strong, simple composition of the evening sun catching the spines of a prickly pear cactus on South Plaza Island.
Image copyright Nicole Aherron/ Galapagos Conservation Trust Image caption Scalesia, or daisy trees, have been referred to as the Darwin finches of the plant world. This is because of their great ability to adapt to the different vegetation zones across different islands in Galapagos. This image, which secured second place in the Botanical category, was taken on Santa Cruz Island by Nicole Aherron.
Image copyright Eric Williams/ Galapagos Conservation Trust Image caption This unusual image by Eric Williams of Leon Dormido, or Kicker Rock, was taken from Cerro Brujo beach on San Cristobal Island and won first place in the Landscape category.
Image copyright Charlotte Brett/ Galapagos Conservation Trust Image caption This shot of a peaceful morning at Mosquera Islet, with Sally Lightfoot crabs on lava rock, acquired second place in the Landscape category and was made by Charlotte Brett.
Image copyright Carlos Cuenca Solana/ Galapagos Conservation Trust Image caption This image of a marine iguana in Isabela summarises the interaction between the wildlife and man-made structures found in Galapagos and secured second place in the Man in the Archipelago category for photographer Carlos Cuenca Solan.
All images are subject to copyright.
The US Navy launched its latest attack submarine on Saturday. The USS Colorado is a Virginia-class vessel based at the Naval Submarine Base New London in Connecticut. As just another military vehicle it probably would not warrant much attention. However, the Colorado comes with a piece of unconventional hardware that is making headlines — an Xbox 360 controller.
Modern submarines no longer use periscopes. They now come equipped with “photonics masts.” These are long telescoping masts equipped with HD imaging sensors that provide a 360-degree view. The image from the sensor array is viewed on monitors within the ship.
Previous vessels used joysticks to control the masts. The joysticks are bulky and expensive. The Colorado is the first sub to use an off-the-shelf video game controller as a piece of standard equipment.
According to USA Today, Commander Reed Koepp, the Colorado's commanding officer says that in addition to saving money, “young sailors report to the submarine knowing how to use it.”
Considering that most kids grow up with these controllers in their hands, it is not surprising that recruits can step right in and control the photonics masts with little or no training.
This is not the first time the US military has used video gaming equipment for practical applications. Back in 2010, the Air Force Research Laboratory linked 1,760 PlayStation 3 units in a parallel array creating a supercomputer capable of 500 TFLOPS. The computer was used to analyze satellite imagery.
My only question is, did the Navy actually use a $20 off-the-shelf Xbox 360 controller, or was this a “specially-made” version that Microsoft charged the taxpayer $1.3 million to “build?”
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) - Signature Resources Ltd. (TSX VENTURE:SGU)(OTCQB:SGGTF) ("Signature" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that the Company has posted an updated investor presentation, highlighting the exploration potential of the Lingman Lake gold deposit, on its corporate website which is available at www.signatureresources.ca.
"The 28.51 gpt gold average derived from raise sampling suggests high grade gold values occur within the North zone, which will serve to provide immediate target areas for drill testing in the multiple vein layered system. This target area, which will be evaluated by future drilling, may significantly expand the gold zones, which remain open along strike and at depth", commented Walter Hanych, President and CEO.
The investor presentation includes a current update of the Company, including details of the historical core assays that were recently completed. Incorporated into this presentation is a table of underground drift and raise sampling compiled from information derived from archival documents submitted as 'Reports to Shareholders' in the period 1946 to 1948. The gold mineralized zones of the Lingman Lake deposit, identified by this sampling, illustrate the high-grade nature of the gold deposit. Of particular note, are the gold grades obtained from the 2101 raise, North Zone, a 1.3 meter square access-way that was driven upward from the 275L to the 150L. Throughout its length of 30.5 meters and its encompassing volume within the zone, the raise averaged 28.51 gpt gold.
The results of this historic sampling,1946-1948 Underground Sampling, are tabled below:
Source: Annual reports to shareholders, Lingman Lake Gold Mines Limited, by M. Smerchanski, 1946-1948.
ZONE LEVEL SECTION DESCRIPTIONS LENGTH WIDTH GRADE meters meters gpt NORTH 150L drift "A"East Portion (North zone B) east of x-cut 43.28 1.40 12.0 150L drift "B" West Portion (North zone B) east of x-cut 41.15 1.74 15.4 NORTH 275L drift "A" East portion (North Zone B) depth extension of "A" from 150L 36.58 1.68 28.8 NORTH 150-275L 2101 raises 275L to 16.76 m above (in feldspar porphyry) 16.76 1.31 33.9 2101 raise 16.75 m to 150L (in feldspar porphyry) 13.72 1.31 21.9 CENTRAL 275L drift footwall (Central zone B) 9m south of shaft 54.86 0.73 10.6 400L drift footwall (Central zone B) south of shaft, east of x-cut 18.29 1.46 13.0 400L drift hangingwall (Central zone A) east of x-cut (visible gold encountered) 42.67 1.25 11.3 SOUTH 275L drift footwall (South zone B) west of x-cut 21.34 1.52 12.7
Note on widths: Reported widths are restricted to actual drift widths employed at the time of deposit development in the period 1946-1948.
Walter Hanych P.Geo., President and CEO of Signature Resources is a Qualified Person as defined by NI43-101 and is responsible for the technical information in this release.
About Signature
The Lingman Lake gold property consists of four free hold patented claims and the twelve staked claims, comprising 616.8 hectares. The property hosts an historic estimate of 234,684 oz of gold* and includes what has historically been referred to as the Lingman Lake Gold Mine, an underground substructure consisting of a 126.5-meter shaft, and 3-levels at 46-meters, 84-meters and 122-meters depths.
*This historical resource estimate is based on prior data and reports obtained and prepared by previous operators, and information provided by governmental authorities. A Qualified Person has not done sufficient work to verify the classification of the mineral resource estimates in accordance with current CIM categories. The Company is not treating the historical estimate as a current NI 43-101-compliant mineral resource estimate. Establishing a current mineral resource estimate on the Lingman Lake deposit will require further evaluation, which the Company and its consultants intend to complete in due course. Additional information regarding historical resource estimates is available in the technical report entitled, "Technical Report on the Lingman Lake Property" dated December 20, 2013, prepared by Walter Hanych, P.Geo., and Frank Racicot, P.Geo., available on the Company's SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com.
To find out more about Signature Resources Limited, visit our website at www.signatureresources.ca.
Cautionary Notes
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.
This news release contains forward-looking statements which are not statements of historical fact. Forward-looking statements include estimates and statements that describe the Company's future plans, objectives or goals, including words to the effect that the Company or management expects a stated condition or result to occur. Forward-looking statements may be identified by such terms as "believes", "anticipates", "expects", "estimates", "may", "could", "would", "will", or "plan". Since forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Although these statements are based on information currently available to the Company, the Company provides no assurance that actual results will meet management's expectations. Risks, uncertainties and other factors involved with forward-looking information could cause actual events, results, performance, prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Forward looking information in this news release includes, but is not limited to, the Company's objectives, goals or future plans, statements, exploration results, potential mineralization, the estimation of mineral resources, exploration and mine development plans, timing of the commencement of operations and estimates of market conditions. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking information include, but are not limited to failure to identify mineral resources, failure to convert estimated mineral resources to reserves, the inability to complete a feasibility study which recommends a production decision, the preliminary nature of metallurgical test results, delays in obtaining or failures to obtain required governmental, environmental or other project approvals, political risks, inability to fulfill the duty to accommodate First Nations and other indigenous peoples, uncertainties relating to the availability and costs of financing needed in the future, changes in equity markets, inflation, changes in exchange rates, fluctuations in commodity prices, delays in the development of projects, capital and operating costs varying significantly from estimates and the other risks involved in the mineral exploration and development industry, and those risks set out in the Company's public documents filed on SEDAR.
Although the Company believes that the assumptions and factors used in preparing the forward-looking information in this news release are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on such information, which only applies as of the date of this news release, and no assurance can be given that such events will occur in the disclosed time frames or at all. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law.
By Dennis Udoma
UYO — Thousands of youths thronged major roads in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State, yesterday, protesting the proposed Lagos Governor's Lodge project allegedly put at N9.1 billion by the state government.
The placard-carrying youths, led by an activist and lawyer, Inibehe Effiong, defied the downpour, chanting, “Governor Emmanuel, Stop wasting our money”, “Not to N9bn, N2bn or N1.2bn New Governor's Lodge in Lagos”, “Where is our N14.5bn, N10bn Paris Club Refund?”, “Pay our retired civil servants”,”Pay our late retired primary school teachers”, “Where is the Industrialization you promised Akwa Ibom State”, “Stop deceiving Akwa Ibom people with false projects,” among others.
The protesters, who began at Community Secondary School, Four Towns on Olusegun Obasanjo Way in the metropolis, marched through Wellington Bassey Way, where the group leader made a stopover to address the crowd and later moved though Cardinal Ekanden Avenue (Brooks Street) to the state's House of Assembly at Udo Udoma Avenue to register their grievances with the lawmakers.
Effiong, who addressed the people at Wellington Bassey Way roundabout near Government House, Uyo said, they came to register their protest to the state government and not to fight government.
He said, with the current situation, Akwa Ibom youths need employment and not a situation where government is siphoning the resources of the state through projects that will not benefit them.
Effiong queried, how important it was for the governor to insist on embarking on the project when the people were saying ‘no.'
According to him, “You promised us industrialization and you cannot fulfil it. That is why we are saying that, you should listen to us. We are all here for the interest of the state because we are victims, everyone is affected by the wrong policies of your government.
Though there was no government official to address the protesters at press time, Vanguard recalls that, Governor Udom Emmanuel had refuted the allegation that he plans to spend N9.1 billion on building a new governor's lodge in Lagos.
Emmanuel, who made the clarification to newsmen at Government House, said, the rumours were the handiwork of some persons who habitually cook spurious accusations against his administration.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
What the Dickens! Since when has A Christmas Carol had rattling chickens, a ghost called Terry, a mum with a walnut for a head and a peg bag as a home?
Well, since writer Nick Lane got hold of it and adapted it as A (Scarborough) Christmas Carol for the Stephen Joseph Theatre.
Joey Hickman as Scrooge
He is joined in the enterprise by artistic director Paul Robinson and composer Simon Slater – who complete the triumvirate behind last year's festive hit Pinocchio.
For my money A (Scarborough) Christmas Carol reaches new heights.
It is warm, inventive, hilarious and utterly bonkers – though Lane has included a couple of Dickens' lines word for word – just to remind the audience of the basis of the story and give them something to cling to as they are taken on a crazy ride through Victorian Scarborough.
The conceit is: the four employees of Scrooge's household welcome the audience into his home on Boxing Day – the day after his transformation from miser to merry-maker.
They then set about telling the story of how his change of character came about – delighting in telling the audience “there are ghosts in it”.
Four actors – Joey Hickman, Alicia Mckenzie, Anne-Marie Piazza and Elliott Rennie – play the members of the household – and then all the characters from Tiny Tim to the Ghost of Christmas Yet To Come. Their versatility – they sing and play musical instruments – is jaw dropping.
This results in some hilarious scenes – particularly the Cratchit's Christmas dinner when the four have to fill the stage with at least 12 characters. How they do it would spoil the surprise.
As would go into too much other detail.
A big part of the season is surprise – and there's nothing worse than taking a peek at presents before Christmas Day.
The music by Slater is first rate – a large helping of musical hall, a smidgen of ragtime and a sprinkling of something Jack Brel-esque.
It is not merely an add-on to the show but an intrinsic part of it.
Neither is putting Scarborough in the title merely a way of selling it to the locals. This is Scarborough to its core.
Street names, Christmas traditions, local rivalries and its rich and famous are all in there.
This is not a pantomime – but there is plenty of opportunity for audience participation including a ‘it's behind you' – plenty of whistling, making ghostly noises and a sing-along.
The children were in thrall to what was going on – to such an extent that one youngster said: “Can we stay?”
On the surface, A (Scarborough) Christmas Carol does not owe a lot to Dickens – but in its heart, where it matters, it owes everything. Without banging you on the head with a heavy object, it celebrates kindness, generosity, childhood and Christmas.
It looks great – the costumes and set – are brilliant, it sounds great and is like a great big, warm hug.
Never mind ‘bah humbug!' this is a Quality Street chocolate.
A (Scarborough) Christmas Carol runs until Sunday December 31. It is on: December 10 at 10am and 1pm; December 15 at 10am; December 16 at 2pm and 5.30pm; December 18 to December 21 at 10am; December 22 at 7pm; December 23 and 24 at 2pm; December 26 at 5.30pm; December 27 at 2pm and 5.30pm; December 28 at 2pm; December 29 at 2pm and 5.30pm; December 30 at 2pm and 7pm and December 31 at 2pm.
Tickets: 01723 370541 or via the website: www.sjt.uk.com
The Field of Champions, a nonprofit local group that set a $1 million goal to build a permanent turf field at San Marcos High School, will celebrate its completion with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 6 p.m. Wednesday.
After acknowledgments to donors and the many members of the community who helped on the campaign, hundreds of athletes from all over the community will flood the new field at 6:30 p.m.
After nearly two years of fundraising, the campaign committee is just $40,000 short of its $1.1 million goal to install the new synthetic turf field at the 2,000-student high school at 4750 Hollister Ave. The 40-year-old general-purpose grass field was completed this summer; a new track circling the field was also added to the construction plans.
A recent $500,000 gift from the Warkentin family included $100,000 designated for improvements to the 9-year-old track and the addition of track-and-field competition space.
Local residents Mardi and John Warkentin contributed the largest gift to the campaign, and the stadium was renamed Warkentin Stadium in their honor.
The Warkentin family is well known in the Santa Barbara sports community. John Warkentin was a multisport high school star athlete in Fresno before focusing on the decathlon in college. He was one of the top decathletes in the world and the United States for more than a decade with national and world rankings from 1967 to 1979. Mardi Warkentin was the top high school women's tennis player in the Fresno area during the 1960s.
They raised three children — Kara, Mark and Paul — all of whom attended San Marcos High School. The Warkentin kids were excellent athletes, close to the top in their respective sports in the history of the school. Mark represented the United States in the Beijing Olympics in the 10K Open Water swim race. After playing tennis at USC, daughter Kara played one season on the WTA (women's professional tennis circuit) and served several years as the San Marcos girls' tennis coach. Paul followed his sister and brother as Channel League champion in tennis singles and also attained top U.S. national rankings in tennis.
The fundraising partnership, The Field of Champions Campaign, was forged with the Santa Barbara Soccer Club, San Marcos and community members to achieve the common goal of enhancing the quality of the Sut Puailoa Field at San Marcos, used by more than 24,000 youth athletes, community groups, coaches, teachers, spectators and community members a year.
The new turf field eliminates downtime because of muddy fields, lack of grass, dangerous holes and months of reseeding every year. In addition, the new field will provide operating cost savings, such as a significant reduction of labor costs, chemicals and fuel for mowing, seeding, fertilization, pesticides, irrigation, field preparation and striping. The environmentally friendly turf field filler material is made of recycled tires.
To contribute to The Field of Champions, call Scottee Reid at 805.679.7592. Click here to donate online, or mail donations to TFOC, P.O. Box 60208, Santa Barbara 93160. Donations can be earmarked for the turf field or to track improvements.
— Aaron Solis is the activities director for San Marcos High School.
Albion fans react to to defeat against Liverpool
Villa fans are in fine voice on their way to Crav
Blues fans chant for Zola to go following latest
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They call themselves ‘The Entertainers' and it's easy to see why.
Fulham has this free-flowing style that is so hard to contain right now and a play-off place looks likely if they can maintain the form they've showed in recent weeks.
A 3-1 victory over Villa was their fourth in five games as goals from Ryan Sessegnon, Sone Aluko and Neeskens Kebano cancelled out Jack Grealish's equaliser.
It could have been so different had Jonathan Kodjia not seen red for losing his cool and kicking out at Ryan Fredericks in the first-half.
But, even then, Fulham, in front of a sell-out crowd, would still have been a difficult bunch to see off.
They came out all guns blazing and deservedly went in front.
The all-action right-back, Fredericks, dinked a ball to the back post that found Sessegnon as James Bree jumped and missed the ball.
Sessegnon's first-time volley crashed off the crossbar but he steered the rebound home via a deflection off Nathan Baker.
The big talking point came when Fredericks collided with Kodjia soon after.
First the Fulham defender appeared to connect his boot with Kodjia's chest but as he tumbled to the floor Villa's top goalscorer kicked out and was given his marching orders.
Villa stuck at it in the first half and went close to equalising through Tommy Elphick but again it was that man Fredricks, seemingly at the heart of all the action, who kept his effort out on the line.
After the break Villa turned it up a notch and got their reward.
Keeping possession with careful and measured passing in their own half, they moved forward as a unit and found Grealish on the left.
He took one touch, cut inside and curled in a stunning equaliser, giving Marcus Bettinelli no chance whatsoever.
Villa were level for just five minutes, though, as Fulham hit back.
Bree, who had a difficult afternoon, struggled to keep hold of Floyd Ayite as he raced forward. His cross found Aluko and he acrobatically fired in the shot, minus a deflection from Baker, which wrong-footed Sam Johnstone.
Other chances went begging as the Cottagers enjoyed long spells of possession but the game was wrapped up with Kebano's strike after good work from Stefan Johansen.
ANALYSIS:
Villa played with an extra centre-back but it was the full-backs who struggled to deal with the onslaught from the Fulham attack. Losing Kodjia made a difference and even though Villa stuck at the task, the man disadvantage took it's toll.
TEAMS:
Fulham: Bettinelli, Fredericks, Ream, Kalas, Malone (Kebano, 55) Sessegnon, McDonald, Cairney, Johansen, Ayite, Aluko (Piazon, 86) Subs: Button, Parker, Cyriac, Madl, Sigurdsson.
Villa: Johnstone, Bree (Hutton, 69) Chester, Baker, Elphick, Amavi (Hepburn-Murphy, 70) Jedinak, Gardner, Grealish, Hogan (Hourihane, 74) Kodjia. Subs: Bunn, Lansbury, Bacuna, Adomah.
CROWD WATCH: Brilliant atmosphere inside the old ground as both sets of supporters really got behind their team. Attendance: 23,891
BIGGER PICTURE:
Villa may have lost this game but the big one is next week when they take on relegation-threatened rivals Blues at Villa Park.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Queen is said to be preparing to abdicate the throne, paving the way for Prince Charles to become King, according to royal family sources.
Queen Elizabeth, now 92 years of age, is alleged to have revealed her plans to hang up her crown when she reaches 95 to her inner circle.
Clarence House is not commenting on 'Plan Regency', which would involve a piece of legislation called the Regency Act coming into force.
"I have spoken to a number of high-ranking courtiers who made it clear that preparations for a transition are moving ahead at pace," Robert Jobson, royal commentator for the Daily Mail, said.
"They have all confirmed that a Regency with Charles taking the lead is now, at the very least, a real possibility."
The act would grant the Queen's eldest son full power to reign even while she still lives.
According to the Mail, one senior former member of the Royal Household said: "Out of the profound respect the Queen holds for the institution of monarchy and its stewardship, Her Majesty would want to make sure that she has done everything she can for her country and her people before she hands over. She is dutiful to her core.
"Her Majesty is mindful of her age and wants to make sure when the time comes, the transition of the Crown is seamless.
"I understand the Queen has given the matter considerable thought and believes that, if she is still alive at 95, she will seriously consider passing the reign to Charles."
Queen Elizabeth II ascended to the throne in 1952.
She famously dedicated her life to her future role as monarch on her 21st birthday, vowing to serve the Commonwealth.
She said: "I declare before you all that my whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong."
Her dad, George VI, was King until his death in February 1952.
Her Majesty is now Britain's longest-reigning monarch, with polls showing she remains hugely popular among people in the country.
But, if she did abdicate, the throne would be passed on to her eldest son, Prince Charles, who would become King.
If this happened, he would become the oldest-ever UK monarch to be crowned.
But if he also decided to abdicate, the throne would be passed on to his eldest son, Prince William, who is currently second in line.
The Duke of Cambridge's three-year-old son, Prince George, is third in line to succeed his great-grandma, the Queen.
It was reported in November that the Palace in London was due to undergo a £369million, 10-year refurbishment .
The work, which will include replacing electrical wiring, water pipes and the heating system, was expected to begin last month.
The Queen was said to be fully supportive of the work.
Her Majesty is expected to remain in residence throughout, but may have to temporarily move bedrooms while the whole palace is resurfaced.
Many of her staff will also need to be temporarily relocated, some even to offices in the garden, while work on the 775-room palace is carried out.
The Mirror Online approached Kensington Palace but it declined to comment.
Sean Maguire has been named in Ireland's 39-man squad for the World Cup qualification double-header against Georgia and Serbia in September.
Maguire's first call-up comes after his summer move from Cork City to Preston North End.
Martin O'Neill has also named James McCarthy in his squad, despite the midfielder missing Everton's opening game of the season through injury.
Like McCarthy, defender Ciaran Clark missed Ireland's summer fixtures against Mexico, Uruguay and Austria - but he has been recalled after recovering from injury.
Clark played the full 90 minutes during Newcastle United's opening Premier League defeat to Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
Goalkeeper Rob Elliot also started that 2-0 defeat at St James' Park, and he has also been recalled by O'Neill.
Ireland play Georgia away on September 2nd before welcoming group leaders Serbia to the Aviva Stadium on September 5th.
Provisional Ireland squad: Goalkeepers: Darren Randolph (Middlesbrough), Keiren Westwood (Sheffield Wednesday), Rob Elliot (Newcastle United), Colin Doyle (Bradford City)
Defenders: Cyrus Christie (Middlesbrough), Richard Keogh, Alex Pearce (Derby County), Paul McShane (Reading), Shane Duffy (Brighton & Hove Albion), Ciaran Clark (Newcastle United), John O'Shea (Sunderland), John Egan (Brentford), Greg Cunningham (Preston North End), Kevin Long, Stephen Ward (Burnley), Matt Doherty (Wolverhampton Wanderers)
Midfielders: Aiden McGeady (Sunderland), James McClean (West Bromwich Albion), Glenn Whelan, Conor Hourihane (Aston Villa), Jeff Hendrick, Robbie Brady (Burnley), James McCarthy (Everton), Stephen Quinn, Liam Kelly (Reading), David Meyler (Hull City), Harry Arter (Bournemouth), Eunan O'Kane (Leeds United), Wes Hoolahan (Norwich City), Jonathan Hayes (Celtic), Callum O'Dowda (Bristol City), Alan Browne, Daryl Horgan (Preston North End)
Forwards: Jonathan Walters (Burnley), Shane Long (Southampton), Daryl Murphy (Nottingham Forest), David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town), Kevin Doyle (Colorado Rapids), Sean Maguire (Preston North End)
Turkey's exports to Iran from January to November 2016 increased by more than 40 percent compared to the figure for the same period last year, according to recent data published by the Turkish Statistical Institute.
Quoting the figures, Tasnim News Agency reported that the total value of Turkey's exports to the Islamic Republic in the first 11 months of 2016 reached $4.635 billion, indicating a growth of 41 percent compared to the amount for the same period in 2015.
Trade between the two countries from January to November 2016 however fell by 1.6 percent against the figure for the year earlier. Bilateral trade in the 11-month period amounted to $8.798 billion, while the figure in 2015 was $8.948bln, according to the data.
Iran ranked ninth among importers of Turkish goods and tenth among those meeting the country's import demands during the first 11 months of 2016.
In April, 2016, Iran and Turkey signed eight memorandums of understanding (MoUs) to strengthen cooperation in various areas.
The cooperation documents were signed in a ceremony in Ankara on April 16 which was attended by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The documents covered a range of fields, including higher education, social security, plant maintenance services and standardization.
Iran and Turkey have ramped up efforts in recent months to boost bilateral trade following the implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), a lasting nuclear deal between Iran and P5+1 (Russia, China, the US, Britain, France and Germany).
The deal, which went into effect on January 16, 2016, terminated all nuclear-related sanctions against Iran.
HALIFAX — The Nova Scotia government is seeking feedback on a legal age of 19 for marijuana use, with sales through a Crown corporation like the Nova Scotia Liquor Corporation.
The province launched an online survey Friday asking for input on marijuana restrictions ahead of its legalization next summer.
It is also asking where recreational cannabis use should be allowed, and what to do on drug-impaired driving.
Justice Minister Mark Furey says the province wants to hear from Nova Scotians as the government develops "a well-regulated legal market that encourages responsible use and minimizes organized crime."
He said the government's top priority is protected citizens' health and safety.
The online survey runs until Oct. 27.
The federal government tabled legislation in the spring to legalize recreational use of marijuana by July 1 and provinces have been consulting with the public or rolling out details of their cannabis plans.
On Wednesday, Alberta proposed to make 18 the minimum age to use cannabis, with no decision yet on whether to sell cannabis through government-run stores or through private operators.
Last month, Ontario announced it plans to set the minimum age at 19 and sell cannabis through government-run outlets. New Brunswick has said it will use a Crown corporation model, and a legislature committee has recommended a minimum age of 19.
Ottawa has remained firm on the start date for the new laws liberalizing marijuana, despite pushback from provinces, territories and police organizations that say it might be too ambitious given the complexity of the regulations involved.
The Canadian Press
Last Friday, in his first pre-match press conference of the new season, Pep Guardiola was asked to name his favourite memories of the first 25 years of the Premier League.
“The Premier League is the most-watched, the most-followed all around the world,” he replied. “So in terms of economics, in terms of business, the best by far. On the pitch the Spanish league is the best by far.”
So Guardiola's answer was a magnificently undiplomatic non sequitur, but his point was a sound one. The Premier League may not be the best in the world, but it is rich. Deloitte projects that the 20 Premier League clubs will make €5.1 billion between them this season – 60 per cent more than the clubs of the world's second-richest league, Germany's Bundesliga. English football ceaselessly congratulates itself on its financial success to the point that the Premier League's money is the most famous thing about it.
There is one club that seems to have missed the memo.
Tottenham's full-back Danny Rose caused a sensation last week when he claimed in an interview with the Sun that he felt underpaid. “I know what I am worth. As with everyone else in my team, in my opinion, I am worth more than I am getting.”
Tottenham punished Rose's Oliver Twist outburst by fining him two weeks' wages. Their former chairman, Alan Sugar, attacked him on Twitter: “Disgusting article by Danny Rose . . . Unprofessional and totally ungrateful. It's demoralising and disappointing. Chuck him out.”
Sub-Trumpian nonsense
What a surprise that the plutocrat Alan Sugar finds it “disgusting” when a worker dares to suggest that they might be due a raise. A cursory look at Rose's situation shows the Apprentice host's words for the sub-Trumpian nonsense they are.
Spurs' chairman, Daniel Levy, is renowned as a hard-nosed negotiator, and when you compare Spurs' revenue to the salaries they pay their players, you can see why.
According to the most recent figures, which cover the year to June 2016, Spurs' wage bill was around £100 million on turnover of just over £200 million, for a wages-to-turnover ratio of less than 50 per cent. The historic average for the division is just over 60 per cent, so Levy's cost-control regime already looks aggressive.
Levy is the best-paid director in the Premier League, taking home £2.6 million for the 2014-15 season
But the picture has changed dramatically since those figures came out. First, the new Premier League TV deal kicked in, increasing Spurs' revenues by £53 million in 2016-17. Second, thanks to the brilliant efforts of Rose and his team-mates, they competed in the Champions League, bringing in an additional £40 million, and qualified again for this season's edition. So the equivalent figures for 2017 will show Spurs with an income of around £300 million.
The reason Rose and his team-mates are annoyed is that Spurs' revenues have increased by 50 per cent, but very little of this increase has been passed on to the players. Tottenham's top earner is Harry Kane on £100,000 a week. Even if Spurs were to put every member of a 25-man first-team squad on £100,000 a week, the total wage bill would be only £130 million – a measly 43 per cent of a £300 million turnover. The true figure will therefore be even less.
Regime of parsimony
The players' mood will not be improved by the knowledge that the regime of parsimony that keeps their wages far below the levels of their counterparts at rival clubs does not apply at board level. Levy's reward for keeping costs under such strict control is to be the best-paid director in the Premier League, taking home £2.6 million for his work in the 2014-15 season.
Levy should be proud of what his team has achieved. Liverpool, for instance, pay their squad nearly twice as much as Spurs pay theirs, yet they have finished below them in the league for the last three seasons.
But Rose's comments show that Spurs' players can see what is going on and they are not happy about it. It's testament to how excited Tottenham's players have been to be part of such a good team that this resentment has not been more of an issue before now. But as they get used to the idea that they are among the best teams in the league, the question of why they are not among the best-paid will only become more urgent.
Towards the end of last season, Levy and his board met with the board of the Tottenham Supporters' Trust. The Trust's co-chair Martin Cloake asked whether the team's on-field success had caused upward pressure on wages. According to the minutes, “DL said that all players were under contracts, contracts they were happy to sign at the time. They would be expected to honour those contracts. They wouldn't have had a reduction if things had gone badly.”
Summer of Neymar
Insisting that contracts be honoured is all very well in principle, but it does not address the question of why Spurs' players should be prepared to settle for a historically low share of the club's revenue. Consider the context. This is the summer of Neymar, of record inflation in transfer fees and wages. A few years ago, a top Premier League full-back like Rose would have been delighted to earn £65,000 a week. Now, he feels like his employers are taking advantage, and he knows that better deals are on offer elsewhere.
In July, Levy described the spending in football as “unsustainable”, but he has to say that to justify his regime of austerity. Unless he accepts that his players deserve a greater share of the rewards, the thing that looks unsustainable is Tottenham's team spirit.
Saudi Arabia's powerful Crown Prince Mohamed bin Salman will be welcomed to the White House by US president Donald Trump on Tuesday ahead of three days of meetings with officials and Congressional leaders from both parties.
During this stage of his two-and-a-half-week visit, marking 75 years of the US-Saudi oil-based partnership, the focus will be on the Saudi-led war on Yemen, Saudi arms purchases from the US, and regional politics.
The prince is set to tour the country, meeting captains of business and industry, including Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Apple chief Tim Cook. While in Los Angeles, the prince is expected to seek investment from film moguls in the kingdom's nascent entertainment sector.
King Salman's favourite son proclaimed heir to the throne in June, prince Mohamed, 32, arrived with heavy religio-cultural and political baggage. His visit was heralded by an interview on the popular CBS 60 minutes programme with the aim of lightening the weight of this baggage.
He disavowed Saudi citizen Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda's founder who, the prince said, had mounted his 2001 attacks on New York and Washington to create division between the US and the West.
Prince Mohamed repeated the fiction that the narrow, puritan, misogynistic practices of the Sunni Saudi regime were imposed in 1979 only after the challenge mounted by Shia Iran's Islamic Republic.
In reality, the House of Saud's formed an alliance in the 18th century with ultra-conservative preacher Mohamed bin al-Wahhab with the aim of conquering the Arabian peninsula and purging “distortions” of Islam. This partnership remains the bedrock of the kingdom although the prince has imprisoned reactionary clerics, reined in religious police and reduced restrictions.
Tough Measures
While prince Mohamed proclaimed all Saudis equal, women remain under the guardianship of male relatives and cannot marry, divorce, seek medical treatment and education, and travel without permission. Reforms have been cosmetic. Women can attend sporting events, go to cinemas, and join the military and, in June, drive.
He blamed the war in Yemen – where Saudi airstrikes and blockades have killed thousands – on Iran's alleged support for Shia Houthi rebels who continue to rule the capital Sanaa and the north.
Potential investors are likely to be leery of the prince's detention at a luxury hotel and shake-down of rich royals, ministers and businessmen to the tune of $100 billion. He explained tough measures were “extremely necessary” although many were subjected to intimidation and abuse to force them to hand over assets.
“If things go their normal ways,” he said he is expected to ascend to the throne and, perhaps, rule for 50 years.
He will exude charm and confidence during his tour but he is a hard man, determined to rule unopposed. Before being named heir, he removed two rivals and he has, reportedly, denied his mother access to his 82-year old father because she opposes the prince's power grab at the expense of other senior branches of the family.
FILE - In this Monday, April 10, 2017, file photo, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks on stage as part of a conversation put on by the Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy at the University of Michigan's Rackham Auditorium in Ann Arbor, Mich. On Wednesday, June 14, 2017, the Fed is set to announce that it's raising its benchmark short-term interest rate for the third time in six months, a vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable American economy. The Ann Arbor News via AP, File Melanie Maxwell
The Kremlin denied that Russian intelligence officers were in close contact with Donald Trump's team during his campaign last year, as repercussions continued after the US administration's national security adviser Michael Flynn was forced to resign.
Reports in the New York Times and CNN allege the contacts with intelligence officials during Mr Trump's campaign were “not based on any facts”, said Dmitry Peskov, the spokesman for president Vladimir Putin, on Wednesday.
“Don't read the papers in the morning,” said Mr Peskov. “These are just laughable allusions going around.”
Paul Manafort, Mr Trump's one-time campaign manager, has denied speaking to Russian intelligence. US media did not name the other Trump aides said to have been in contact with the unspecified Russian officers.
The allegations have followed Mr Flynn's forced resignation as national security adviser over his dealings with Moscow's ambassador in Washington, less than a month after the US president took office.
The retired general acknowledged he had given Mike Pence, US vice-president, incomplete information about phone calls with the Russian ambassador to the US. The US justice department told the White House that it believed this could make Mr Flynn vulnerable to blackmail.
Media response
Seemingly stung by the departure of Mr Flynn, considered one of the most pro-Russian officials in Mr Trump's cabinet, Russian media and former officials claimed on Wednesday that the US security establishment was waging a campaign against the White House.
“This is disinformation, there's an information war against Trump in which, as we can see, all means are [considered] necessary,” Nikolai Kovalev, former head of the FSB, the KGB's successor agency, told Interfax. “These political games will continue as long as anti-Russian sentiment has a serious presence in the American establishment,” he added.
State television claimed that Mr Flynn had been a victim of a witch-hunt.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Flynn was undone by the fact that he might have just dialled a number,” the Rossiya channel said. “That's common practice that nonetheless becomes a sin in liberal America if you're talking about Russia. ”
Rossiyskaya Gazeta, the official government newspaper, said Mr Trump's opponents were “using Flynn's resignation for a new wave of hysteria about Russia”.
Moskovsky Komsomolets, one of Russia's most popular tabloids, compared Mr Flynn's resignation with Stalin's purges during the Great Terror.
“All former, current, and future American officials have been sent an absolutely unambiguous signal: attempts to restore relations with Russians is a deathly risky career move,” the paper said.
Crimea status
Russian officials were also visibly ruffled by White House spokesman Sean Spicer's claim on Tuesday that Mr Trump expects Moscow to “return Crimea”. Mr Peskov said the Kremlin would refuse to negotiate the status of the peninsula it annexed from Ukraine in 2014 amid widespread international condemnation.
Leonid Slutsky, chairman of the foreign affairs committee in the lower house of parliament, said that Russia had “decided too soon, for all our unconditional sympathy to President Trump's constructive rhetoric, that he's pro-Russian in some way – he's pro-American.” Mr Slutsky held out hope that Mr Trump would change his mind in the “next few weeks or months”.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the lower house, said he hoped Mr Trump would stick to his campaign vows to restore ties with Moscow, which he claimed had been a reason for his victory.
“He needs to enact his campaign platform, he said everything in his campaign platform: restore relations with Russia and China and fight terrorism. When they enact the campaign platform, everything'll be fine,” said Mr Volodin.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017
CEOs Ron Werft and Kurt Ransohoff say the move would allow for greater collaboration to improve patient care and modernize facilities
Cottage Health System and Sansum Clinic announced a merger Tuesday that would combine the three hospitals and 23 ambulatory clinic sites.
Cottage Health System CEO Ron Werft and Sansum CEO Dr. Kurt Ransohoff spoke with Noozhawk on Tuesday afternoon about the proposed changes.
They said that even though their partnership hasn't been this official, Sansum and Cottage have worked together for decades.
“The benefit really is that it allows us to create an integrated health delivery system,” Werft said.
He said there has been a lot of collaboration and consolidation between hospitals and medical group physicians in recent years, partly due to changes coming with health-care financing and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
“Hospital and physician integration is really nothing new, it's just … we haven't had the opportunity here for the last few years,” Werft said.
Cottage's hospitals — in Santa Barbara, Goleta and Santa Ynez — would be able to get involved in more than patient hospital stays, he said, with more collaborative work with doctors for prevention, discharge and patient management. Sansum would continue to focus on specialized outpatient care.
“The reason we're doing this, the driver, is the opportunity to further improve the quality of patient safety. We can really link our information technology systems and make improvements in patient safety and improve affordability,” Werft said. “There are some economies of scale that come from combining the support for these two organizations.”
For Sansum, Ransohoff said, the merger would bring more access to capital to modernize and build new facilities.
“Cottage has a much better capacity at getting access to that kind of capital,” he said. “We combined with the Cancer Center of Santa Barbara and want to build a new cancer center; it's one of the things we'll be able to do more assuredly and more rapidly because of this.”
Sansum is structured as a nonprofit community benefit corporation, a medical foundation, that is governed by local volunteers. It's a community-owned asset, but in this case, Cottage would become its sole member and ultimately would become responsible for the well-being and obligations of Sansum, Ransohoff said.
“We are the only (medical foundation structured this way) that has been independent throughout its whole life,” he said, “the others have all been married to hospitals.”
The two entities are still working on the organizational model and governance issues, but Sansum would continue to have its own leadership structure, Werft said. Both Cottage and Sansum would keep their own boards of directors and there would be some overlap, according to Werft and Ransohoff.
They hope that the process can be finished by October and are working on paperwork now, with each side evaluating its assets and liabilities. Cottage also needs to be approved for a status change in becoming the sole member of Sansum Clinic.
This merger would consolidate most of the health-care facility systems in Southern Santa Barbara County. The Public Health Department and Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics provide primary care facilities, mostly for low-income residents, but they often make referrals to Sansum Clinic and Cottage for specialty care.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra, who was sworn on Saturday for his second tenure, has re-appointed Prof. Solo Chukwulobelu, as the Secretary to the State Government.
A statement by Dr Daniel Ezeanwu, Permanent Secretary, Office of the Secretary to the State Government on Monday in Akwa, said Mr Primus Odili was also appointed as Chief of Staff to the Governor.
According to the statement, other appointees are Mr Willie Nwokoye, who returned as Principal Secretary to the Governor, while Mr James Eze, who was Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Media, assumes the position of the Chief Press Secretary.
It said the newly appointed officers would be inaugurated later in the day.
Barack Obama recently met up with celebrities including Oprah Winfrey, Tom Hanks and Bruce Springsteen during his vacation in French Polynesia, reports Travel + Leisure.
From Travel + Leisure:
Barack Obama, Oprah Winfrey, Bruce Springsteen, and Tom Hanks all gathered on a 450-foot yacht off the coast of Tahiti on Monday for what we can only imagine was the coolest vacation of all time.
The famous quartet (along with former first lady Michelle Obama) boarded a luxury yacht called the Rising Sun for an island-hopping tour of French Polynesia. They went for lunch on Vanilla Island, made a stop at Le Taha'a Island, and will continue on to Bora Bora. The trip will end at The Brando, a luxury resort where Obama has stayed for the past three weeks while working on his White House memoirs.
The celebrities invited on the Obamas' Polynesian vacation have been friends of the family for some time. At last year's Presidential Medal of Freedom ceremony, Hanks and Springsteen were among the artists honored. At the induction, Obama said: “Part of the reason these events are so special to me is that everybody on this stage has touched me in a very powerful, personal way. These are folks who have helped me become who I am.”
Obama also snapped a photo of his wife Michelle Obama aboard the yacht with his celebrity pals, reports CNN.
SOURCE: Travel + Leisure, CNN
SEE ALSO:
Barack Obama's Heads To Tetiaroa To Write Post-Presidency Memoir
Obama Hanging With Hollywood Stars? Former President Lands In French Polynesia
Westborough Recreation Department offers summer fun
By Bonnie Adams, Managing Editor
Westborough – As school is just around the corner, many parents might be saying, “Ok, what's next?” In Westborough the answer is “Check out the great Playground Programs offered by the Westborough Recreation Department!”
The department is offering four programs this summer for different age groups.
Pee Wee Playground (ages 3.5-entering Kindergarten)
This small group format is perfect for the younger child or first time camper. Children have the opportunity to work individually and in small group settings. Favorite activities include treasure hunts, unicorn sightings, painting t-shirts, outdoor playground time, story time, sand art and special entertainment weekly. Participants must be toilet trained.
This program runs Monday through Friday, from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. at the Annie E. Fales Elementary School, 50 Whitney St., from June 26-July 28. (The week of July 3 will be held every day except Tuesday, July 4.)
Playground Program (entering grades 1-3)
Super fun and action packed playground format will keep your child very busy and provide ample opportunities for group and individual activities. Each day children will participate in a variety of activity areas and each week there will be special guests arriving.
This program runs Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. at the Annie E. Fales Elementary School, 50 Whitney St., from June 26-July 28.
Extreme Recreation (entering grades 4-6)
The action-packed week will include a variety of fun and exciting sports and activities, weekly adventure trips to hike local conservation areas, such as Bowman Conservation and Purgatory Chasm in Sutton. New this year is “Totally Extreme Thursdays” which will feature a full-day field trip to places such as Canobie Lake Park, Patriot Place, Codzilla in Boston, and Treetop Ropes Course.
This program runs Monday through Friday at the Mill Pond School from June 26-July 28. (The week of July 3 will be held every day except Tuesday, July 4.) Times will vary depending on the trip.
Teen Adventures (grades 7-9)
No arts and crafts here! The Teen Adventures organizers know kids have played enough dodgeball and “capture the flag” to last a lifetime. So this program will instead feature a trip almost every Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday to an age-appropriate place.
Mondays will be a “Day of Service” with the teens volunteering throughout the town at local departments, charities or other businesses.
This program will run from July 17 to Aug. 10, leaving from and returning to Elsie A. Hastings School, 111 E. Main St. Times will vary depending on the trip.
For the younger children there is an additional “early drop off” option. For more information and fees, visit http://www.westbororec.com, hover over “Register” and then click on “View Activities.”
The department is also selling summer passes to the Lake Chauncy Beach at $25 for a single person and $55 for a family. Passes may be purchased online up until the full time opening of the beach, after that you must purchase season passes directly at the beach. The beach is only open to residents of Westborough and Northborough.
Dive Brief:
As with math, many teachers who work with young children are also uncertain of their ability to teach science — but faculty members from the University of Chicago are working with local child-care centers to improve preschool teachers' confidence in the STEM subjects, according to a PBS News Hour piece.
Experts from the university's STEM Education Center provide coaching to teachers working with low-income children, observing their lessons and helping them introduce ideas such as friction or gravity. Even if children don't understand the concepts, if they've tested whether an item floats, or sinks, for example, they can recall those experiences when they cover the topic of density when they are older, the report says.
The scientists say it's OK for teachers to tell students they don't know something and that such honesty can reinforce the inquiry and discovery approach. They plan to expand the program to more early-childhood programs in the future.
Dive Insight:
The significant attention to pre-reading skills in early-childhood programs can sometimes overshadow other subject areas like science and math, but "STEM Starts Early," a report released last year by the Joan Ganz Cooney Center, said that the “technology revolution has made it critical for all children to understand STEM.”
The report noted that parents, as well as teachers, need support and knowledge of how to encourage STEM learning through activities such as block play or gardening. The authors recommended giving teachers more time to engage in the same kinds of hands-on lessons that they want for children. They also recommend connecting families with libraries, museums and other community “charging stations” for additional STEM-related experiences.
Some early-childhood education experts say that a science-based curriculum is a natural fit for young children's curiosity. That's what University of Rochester professor Lucia French designed in the early 2000s with ScienceStart! Organized around topics — such as color and light, and properties of matter — the program was found to build children's vocabulary and content knowledge. In another example, CentroNía, an early-childhood education program in Washington, DC, has recently published the "Theatrical Journey Playbook: Introducing Science to Early Learners through Guided Pretend Play," which brings scientific concepts into early-childhood classrooms through dramatic play. Each of the 23 scripts provide “abundant language, cognitive, creative, fine and gross motor, socio-emotional, and scientific/ mathematical skill development techniques,” according to a press release. There is also growing attention to computer science with early coding and lessons focused on computational thinking now integrated into preschool and the early grades.
Do you want to build confidence in your spelling and reading skills? The Santa Barbara Public Library System is offering additional sessions of its popular, free workshops on Spelling and Word Basics starting in July.
This entertaining weekly series is designed to help identify and solve spelling and reading issues in a supportive and comfortable environment.
Daytime and evening classes will be offered starting the second week of July.
The daytime Spelling Basics classes, which meet on Tuesdays from 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. starting July 9, are open to those entering seventh grade and up, including adults. The evening Spelling Basics workshops, which meet on Wednesdays from 5 to 6:45 p.m. starting July 10, are reserved for adults only.
The classes will continue until the end of August, and will meet in the Townley Room at the Santa Barbara Public Library, 40 E. Anapamu St.
Preregistration is encouraged, but walk-ins are welcome. If you are interested in Spelling Basics, call 805.564.5619 or contact .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) for more information. This free community program is presented by the Santa Barbara Public Library System's Adult Literacy Program.
Click here for more information about Santa Barbara Public Library System programs and services.
— Beverly Schwartzberg is an adult literacy coordinator for the Santa Barbara Public Library System.
If you loved Big Little Lies and are a massive fan of novel-turned-movie Gone Girl, watch the trailer for Gillian Flynn's second book-turned-TV-series, Sharp Objects. It stars Amy Adams, and it looks THRILLING.
HBO's next mini-series is based on Gillian Flynn's violent and dark fiction, first published in 2006, that follows journalist Camille Preaker as she travels back to her hometown to try and uncover the mystery behind the twisted murders of two young girls.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Camille is also struggling with mental-health issues following hospitalisation for self-harm, as well as the tough family dynamic that forms when she moves back in with her difficult mother (played by Patricia Clarkson) and half sister to take on the case.
While the trailer is equal parts eery and creepy, it doesn't actually give too much away about the storyline - other than the little girl who whispers "it's not safe for you here", and an overarching brooding aesthetic.
Sharp Objects will debut on HBO in July 2018, but if you can't wait that long, buy the book here.
Amazon
BUY NOW £6.47, Amazon
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
We're very excited about this.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
PARIS (AP) —French officials say the driver who steered into patrons of a pizza restaurant east of Paris clearly acted intentionally, but they have no reason so far to suspect a terrorist motive.
A judicial official said Monday night that the Paris prosecutor's office, which oversees French terrorism investigations, was not involved in the case because there was no proof of terrorism at this stage.
A security official said there is no evidence of a political or Islamic extremist motive.
But both officials say authorities view the driver's actions as intentional. They were not authorized to be publicly named.
An 8-year-old girl and at least five others were injured in the attack in Sept-Sorts, a town about 65 kilometers (40 miles) east of Paris.
Google Drive is a relatively simple, but convenient way to backup and share files between computers. Have a project you are working on at work? Throw it in Drive and finish it when you get home. It is nothing new, but it is effective, and many people use it.
However, Google wants to offer more with Drive. The folks in Mountain View are looking to turn Drive from a virtual thumb drive into a more functional backup utility. To that end, they're developing a new app called Backup and Sync.
The new app is meant to replace the current Google Drive and Google Photos Backup apps. The app is not vastly different, primarily merging the two, so it will still function properly with current Drive accounts and will “respect any current Drive for Mac/PC settings in the Admin console.” However, it does appear to add auto-sync functionality.
"Backup and Sync is the latest version of Google Drive for Mac/PC, which is now integrated with the Google Photos desktop uploader."
Google will incrementally roll out the service starting on June 28 beginning with standard users and moving on to enterprise clients later. Enterprise users will migrate to the new Drive File Stream platform, which has an early adopter program for those G Suite Enterprise, Business and Education customers anxious to test the waters ahead of the full release.
The screenshot above shows that you can mark files on your computer that 'Backup and Sync' will monitor and update to the cloud seamlessly. Free customers receive 15 GB, which is okay for most day-to-day backups of a few folders, but those that work with larger files or are interested in backing up their entire hard drive, the free account will not be adequate.
Google does have paid accounts that are affordable and similar to other services. Drive's 100 GB plan is only $19.99 per year. If that is not enough, Google also has a 1TB plan that is $99 per year, just like Dropbox. That should be sufficient for all but the most demanding customers, but as we've seen in the past, as physical storage solutions continue to decrease in price, cloud storage expands and becomes more affordable as well.
Photo by Kat Smith (Pixabay)
There's one thing most every woman and man in media who has kept silent about sexual harassment has in common: nondisclosure agreements. While employers—in media and elsewhere—now appear to be taking sexual harassment and abuse more seriously, they've given precious little attention to the role NDAs have played in keeping abuse quiet, in some cases for decades.
Bill O'Reilly and the late Roger Ailes at Fox News kept their victims mum with settlements that included NDAs. The circle of secrecy didn't stop there: NDA clauses were also a standard part of Fox employment contracts, ensuring neither victims nor witnesses could say anything. Disgraced Today show anchor Matt Lauer's astonishing abuses—which included sexually assaulting a woman in his office, after which she passed out and required medical attention—were kept under wraps in part via NDAs that applied to employees leaving the show. NDAs helped create a culture in which Charlie Rose, who was fired from CBS last month, Mark Halperin, who was pushed out at NBC News, and NPR's Michael Oreskes were able to prey upon women with impunity.
Related: What we found when we asked newsrooms about sexual harassment
Print media across the political spectrum is no different. In November, The New Republic publisher Hamilton Fish stepped down amid decades' worth of sexual-assault allegations that include strangling a female subordinate at The Nation Institute 30 years ago. As with the others, Fish's career-long trail of silence was paved by a “sprawling non-disparagement provision” that applied to Institute employees after his departure.
There's an irony to silencing employees in a profession that champions whistleblowers and relishes shining light on other institutions, notes Jack Doppelt, a professor at Northwestern's Medill School of Journalism who specializes in media ethics and law. “For all the years that journalism has worried sanctimoniously about the wall between advertising and editorial, the wall that is most often violated is the wall between corporate branding and journalistic freedom,” Doppelt tells CJR. “The industry's ability to be hypocritical on this point—either without realizing it or out of shamelessness—is almost beyond imagination.”
While employers now appear to be taking sexual harassment and abuse more seriously, they've given precious little attention to the role NDAs have played in keeping abuse quiet, in some cases for decades
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Non-disparagement and nondisclosure clauses are now boilerplate in media contracts, purportedly to protect trade secrets and ensure employees don't trash their employers. These play a passive—albeit no less pernicious—role in enabling sexual harassment, muzzling employees across the board. But NDAs are also used more directly to protect abusers as part of settlements: When victims come forward to their employers, the company often protects the assailant by paying off the accuser and requiring confidentiality in return. NDAs included in settlement agreements typically require that the employee not even disclose the existence of the agreement or its terms.
Some employers force journalists to sign blanket NDA clauses before they join a company. Others require them in exchange for severance deals. During recent layoffs, employees signed them en masse at HuffPost, Mic, Vice, The Guardian, and MTV, promising away their ability to speak about the company in exchange for severance pay.
Regulatory agencies like the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and the National Labor Relations Board, which has ruled against NDAs for hampering employees' ability to unionize, have in the past several years begun to take a harder tack against NDAs. The use and abuse of NDAs is so widespread the NLRB and EEOC are currently drafting guidelines to stop companies from writing them so broadly, according to the NLRB. States, too, are taking note. Elected officials in Arizona have proposed legislation banning NDAs as part of settlements, which one lawmaker called a “sexual predator loophole.”
(Disclosure: I signed nondisclosure agreements as a condition of severance when leaving The Huffington Post and Mic.)
Media companies use NDAs for the same reason as other corporations: to protect their brand from employees who have legitimate (as well as spurious) grievances. “Employers worry that individuals will turn into whistleblowers out of spite, so they require them to sign NDAs for extra protection,” says Jennifer Pacella, a professor of law at the City University of New York who has written extensively about NDAs and whistleblower law.
As the current rash of allegations against major figures in Hollywood, entertainment, and media show, sexual assault in the workplace is far more common than many believed. But in a number of the high-profile cases, there's evidence to suggest media company executives were more interested in protecting high-powered, expensive talent than protecting workers lower on the totem pole. Hence, in most cases, it is typically the victim who leaves the company.
ICYMI: Don't blame the election on fake news. Blame it on the media.
“The problem is that NDAs enable a lot of serial harassers, then it becomes part of the workplace culture, the cost of doing business,” says Orly Lobel, a professor of labor and employment law at the University of San Diego. “It's a vicious cycle.”
What most journalists don't know is that NDAs—the ones that purport to apply in perpetuity and forbid you from saying anything bad about the company or anyone associated with it—are often not enforceable in court. This is for the same reason a judge can't enforce a schoolyard promise to hold one's breath for eternity: Existing law places limits on what two parties can agree to.
“People are generally not aware that these NDAs are not enforceable, but that doesn't mean employers aren't going to use them anyway,” Lobel says.
The industry's ability to be hypocritical on this point—either without realizing it or out of shamelessness—is almost beyond imagination.”
Without going to court, it's difficult to tell whether any given agreement is legally valid in the given circumstances. But the effect of NDAs is largely extra-legal: Employers hardly ever go to court to enforce them. This is because they often know the agreements won't hold up, and it's not cost-effective to launch a legal offensive.
Even if a journalist signs an NDA, whistleblower statutes and existing court rulings still protect them from retribution if they speak out about illegal behavior, including sexual harassment. In fact, courts can throw out NDAs merely if they go against existing public policy. Some states like California even prescribe what employers can ask employees to keep mum about, limiting it to trade secrets and requiring employers to specify the information they want concealed.
But companies have the incentive to write these clauses as broadly as possible. Whether an NDA ever gets tested in court, its very inclusion in a contract has a strong chilling effect on speech. When it comes to writing NDAs, employers typically think the scarier, the better. Hence, this quote from an online sample of one such agreement:
You agree that you will never make any negative or disparaging comments (orally or in writing) about the Company or its stockholders, directors, officers, employees, products, services or business practices.
In an industry that is shrinking, journalists are already terrified of losing their jobs and not being able to find work in the future; most employment in the industry is “at will,” which means the employee can be terminated without cause at any time.
“Employees are really fearful not only about being fired by their current employer, but about being pegged as a troublemaker once they are let go,” says Lobel, who served on an Obama White House commission scrutinizing nondisclosure and noncompete agreements. “Even if they knew no court would enforce an NDA against them, most people who are risk averse are not going to test the limits.”
Legal scholars who study NDAs say employees typically sign them under duress. Potential hires are unlikely to put up a fuss about a nondisclosure clause for fear it will cost them the job. When an employee is fired or let go without notice, they typically must choose between failing to pay the next month's rent and signing an NDA to get severance.
The use of nondisclosure agreements speaks to the culture and the tone at the top—do you want to be a place of employment that's relying on these tactics to scare people or treat people decently?”
“Workers' ability to resist these clauses is limited because of the individual context in which they are signed,” says Miriam Cherry, co-director of the William C. Wefel Center for Employment Law at Saint Louis University. “It can end up meaning a lot of stuff goes unreported or under the radar.”
In the case of sexual harassment, victims leaving a job frequently want to put the ordeal behind them and not make waves.
“It was more important for me to be financially stable than to speak out,” said one digital journalist who experienced sexual harassment at work and signed an NDA. The journalist spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid repercussions. “Had I been able to vent publicly, it would have made it a lot easier for me to get over it.”
ICYMI: MSNBC makes the right call
Part of the reason regulatory agencies have begun to take aim at NDAs is that they have evolved so far from their original purpose, which was to protect trade secrets and proprietary company information—not create a blanket of silence around an organization. Cherry said NDAs might make sense for a CEO who wants to jump ship and take everything he knows with him, but they are used regularly even for lower-level workers who, especially in media, are not holding onto sensitive business information.
The NLRB, which enforces US labor law, has found that NDAs cannot be used to stop employees from talking about sexual harassment or gender discrimination at work. As the University of Chicago's Hiba Hafiz pointed out in The Atlantic, the board also considers it an unfair labor practice to ask employees not to “publicly criticize, ridicule, disparage, or defame” an employer or the company's “directors, officers, shareholders, or employees.” Courts have also struck down NDAs when they interfere with investigations by the EEOC, which upholds civil-rights laws in employment. “In many cases of widespread discrimination, victims suffer in silence,” wrote a judge for the First Circuit Court of Appeals in 1996. “A sprinkling of settlement agreements that contain stipulations prohibiting cooperation with the EEOC could effectively thwart an agency investigation.”
Quite simply, companies aren't generally allowed to cover up wrongdoing with NDAs, but the fact that employees don't know this—and have few labor protections—makes them effective at doing just that. But for all the energy that media companies expend in ensuring their workers keep quiet, it would be far more efficient to address the problems that make them want to speak out in the first place.
“The use of nondisclosure agreements speaks to the culture and the tone at the top—do you want to be a place of employment that's relying on these tactics to scare people or treat people decently?” Pacella said. “These documents wouldn't be needed if there was no wrongdoing.”
Related: Top female journalists give advice on how to stay safe in the field
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Gabriel Arana is a writer in New York City.
A former manager at the exclusive K Club claims he was threatened by another man at Punchestown Races that club owner Dr Michael Smurfit had “not forgotten” statements he had made previously about the businessman and call girls.
In High Court proceedings, Peter Curran claims the statement during the encounter with Gerry Byrne, a K Club employee, was a reference to another case he had previously settled relating to his own employment at the K Club, in which he had referred in a document to call girls being given free use of the hotel facilities at the five-star resort.
Mr Curran told the court that, in May 2011, he was at the dryer in the men's toilets at the racetrack when Mr Byrne, a resort superintendent at the K Club, blocked his way.
“He said: ‘I have a message from Dr Smurfit.' He said Dr Smurfit had not forgotten the statement I made about him and call girls and that he knows where to find you and this is not over.”
Mr Byrne said Dr Smurfit did not care about any agreement, Mr Curran said.
Mr Curran, of Cahirciveen, Co Kerry, has sued Gerry Byrne along with the K Club Ltd, Straffan, Co Kildare, and Dr Smurfit, who has an address in Monaco.
The defendants deny his claims.
The court heard Mr Curran had, in 2008, settled proceedings relating to his employment and his departure from the K Club 10 years previously.
The reference to call girls arose from “replies to particulars” – part of the documentary preparation process in legal actions – relating to the “A case”, the one settled in 2008.
Opening Mr Curran's case on Wednesday, his counsel Kenneth Fogarty said the allegation was “hanging in the air”.
Counsel said Mr Curran was a sensitive, vulnerable person who had previously suffered from depression and post-traumatic stress over the circumstances in which he left his employment at the K Club in 1998.
Counsel said: “They didn't care about Peter Curran but they do care about call girls.”
Part of the evidence would be that Michael Smurfit was “aware that it was taking place and [that] he was not unaccustomed to the company of call girls on occasions”, counsel said.
Mr Fogarty said the case related to what was going on in the K Club. It could close its eyes to an activity which was “criminal in nature and abusive to women”.
Unfair dismissal case
Mr Curran was catering manager at the K Club between September 1997 and October 1998 when he claims he was forced to leave. He later brought an unfair dismissal case which was settled in March 1999.
He also brought High Court proceedings claiming alleged breach to his constitutional right to his good name and to earn a livelihood.
During the run-up to that case, in replies to written questions and particulars relating to alleged financial irregularities that he allegedly uncovered at the K Club, Mr Curran made reference to call girls who allegedly were sometimes sourced abroad and allegedly were given free use of the hotel facilities at the K Club.
It is also claimed that he said in those answers to particulars that the owners of apartments unknowingly received rental income from the K Club as a result of call girls using the apartments.
Those proceedings were settled and it is claimed that it was an implied term of the agreement that Mr Curran would not be threatened, harassed or intimidated in any manner.
Mr Curran claims that, on May 7th, 2011, his way was blocked in the toilets at Punchestown Races and Mr Byrne allegedly made the “this is not over” comments.
All defendants deny the claims. Dr Smurfit and the K Club deny the incident took place but say, if it did, Mr Byrne did not act on their behalf or on their instructions.
Following an application on behalf of counsel for Dr Smurfit, which was adopted by the other defendants, Mr Justice Anthony Barr ruled he did not intend to allow the trial to “go completely off the rails” and engage in investigation of allegations made by Mr Curran against his former employers.
Earlier Mr Fogarty said Mr Curran felt he was being “blackballed” by the K Club after he left.
He set up a situation with a solicitor where, in the name of another man, he asked for a reference from the K Club for Mr Curran. Counsel said it came back that Mr Curran was not to be trusted.
The case continues.
The British government's Brexit department has apologised after David Davis made a surprise visit to the Border.
The Brexit secretary spent two hours in Northern Ireland near the Border on Monday, but the trip drew criticism from Sinn Féin because the area's local MP was not informed of the trip.
Mickey Brady, Sinn Féin MP for Newry and Armagh, accused Mr Davis of avoiding a meeting with him because he is “afraid to face the truth about Brexit”.
On Tuesday, a spokeswoman for the British government's department for exiting the European Union said of the lack of notification: “This was an administrative oversight for which we are happy to apologise.”
The DUP was not given notice of the trip either, but the spokeswoman said the Northern Ireland Office had been informed ahead of the visit.
Mr Brady's party colleague, West Belfast MP Paul Maskey, said Mr Davis had shown “contempt” for local politicians and not followed protocol in arranging the visit.
Out of courtesy and protocol he should have informed you as the local MP. Shows his contempt to locally elected representatives who know more about the impacts of Brexit than he will ever know. https://t.co/2Emie6oe1A — Paul Maskey (@PaulMaskeyMP) April 23, 2018
He tweeted: “Out of courtesy and protocol he should have informed you [Mickey Brady] as the local MP.
“Shows his contempt to locally elected representatives who know more about the impacts of Brexit than he will ever know.”
The trip, made almost two years after the EU referendum, was little more than a “box-ticking exercise”, the SDLP's Claire Hanna said.
The South Belfast MLA, who is the party's spokeswoman on Brexit, said Mr Davis should have been open to addressing local concerns during the visit.
She said: “Maybe the minister is troubled that we might actually have asked him if he learned anything and how he plans to stop a hard Border here when his government continues to dig its heels in on the customs union.
“This visit was nothing more than a box-ticking exercise. The Border shouldn't have just been an afterthought months down the line, but should have been a priority for the Brexit minister.”
Following the short trip, during which Mr Davis was escorted by former senior police officer and Co-operation Ireland chief executive Peter Sheridan, he reiterated the British government's determination to avoid a hard Border on the island.
Mr Davis tweeted: “As we leave the EU it's essential both the UK and EU do what it takes to keep the Border, which I saw this morning, free from physical infrastructure.
“We are determined to get this agreed by October.”
As part of the trip, Mr Davis visited an autism centre in Middletown in Co Armagh, as well as a nearby food processing company.
He also saw a former customs post between counties Armagh and Monaghan.
Fans at Georgetown men's soccer game against UCLA in September won't even have to step on the field to receive a participation trophy.
The athletic department, as part of a promotional ‘Millennial Day', is offering all of the things that the world has told us millennials definitely love.
From the press release:
At #MillennialDay, you can expect only the most #awesome giveaways (because millennials expect everything to be free) and the most hella cool activities. So that everyone feels welcome at Shaw Field, a #dabbing safe space will be roped off, as well as a halftime naptime break if you ~can't even~ stay awake for the whole game. If you're #thirsty, enter the raffle for a DC area juice gift card. As long as you're like, basically on time for the game, you will be greeted with not only words of praise but also a PARTICIPATION TROPHY because all #millennials are #special. And for all your social media needs, our mascot, Jack the Bulldog, will be available to take some #Kardashianworthy pregame selfies that you can take and post for either during the game or for a hype #tbt.
Seriously though, who wouldn't want a selfie with this dude?
New front gate toll: no pass without pets 🚫🐶 A post shared by Georgetown's Jack the Bulldog (@gujackbulldog) on Jun 21, 2017 at 12:01pm PDT
Look who we found while look for Easter eggs in Healy circle? Jack the Bulldog sharing his Easter Greetings! 🐰🐶🌷#HappyEaster #HoyaSaxa (📷: 2014) A post shared by Georgetown's Jack the Bulldog (@gujackbulldog) on Apr 16, 2017 at 9:48am PDT
The promotion is just the latest from the department's very clever marketing department, which has also offered us things like ‘Hail to the Kale' night and celebrations of “dad bods.”
If you've not yet purchased your canners, there are two types to consider: boiling water canners and pressure canners. A boiling water canner is used for canning acid or acidified foods like most fruits, most pickles, jams and jellies. Boiling water canners cost about $30-$100, or can be assembled yourself with a large stock pot, secure lid and rack to keep jars off the bottom of the pot.
A pressure canner is essential for canning low acid foods such as vegetables, meats, fish and poultry. These foods require higher temperatures, 240°F and above, to be sure and kill the toxinproducing spores of the bacteria Clostridium botulinum. If not killed, these spores can grow and produce a deadly toxin (poison) when the jars cool and are stored in room temperature. A water-bath canner only reaches 212 degrees, which is not high enough to kill the spores.
You can choose between two types of pressure canners: a dial gauge canner or a weighted gauge canner. Most steps in managing the pressure canning process are the same, but the two styles have different types of gauges to indicate the pressure inside the canner. Expect to spend $100-$150 or more on a pressure canner.
If you use a dial-gauge canner, it's important to have the gauge tested for accuracy before each canner season or if you drop or damage your gauge. Contact me to get your dial gauge tested. If your dial or weighted gauge canner has a rubber gasket, be sure it is flexible and soft. If it is brittle, sticky, or cracked, replace it with a new gasket. Also check that any openings, like vent ports, are clean and open.
You'll also need jars and lids for canning. If you need jars, new jars are a worthwhile investment (versus purchasing used jars from a yard sale or flea market) because old jars may break under pressure and heat. Extension recommends Mason-type jars of standard sizes – half-pint, pint and quart. Make sure those jars are manufactured and sold for canning purposes; not all glass and Mason-style jars are tempered to prevent breakage with the extreme heat and temperature changes during canning. Two-piece canning lids with flat lids and ring bands are recommended. Never reuse flat lids, but you can reuse ring bands provided they are not rusted or bent. Follow manufacturers' advice for preparing your jars and lids.
It is not too early to begin gathering your other equipment and supplies for canning. A jar funnel for filling jars, a magnetic wand to handle flat lids and a plastic debubbler or rubber spatula are useful utensils and can be found where canning supplies are sold.
A final must is reliable, up-to-date canning and other food preservation instructions. There are very serious food safety risks with canning if you follow unsound recommendations. Reliable, up-to-date canning instructions are available from your local Extension office or online from the National Center for Home Food Preservation at nchfp.uga.edu.
With fresh fruits and vegetables harvest here, you will be ready to preserve and enjoy them all year.
Through its mission of research, teaching and extension, the University of Tennessee Institute of Agriculture touches lives and provides Real. Life. Solutions. ag.tennessee.edu. With an office in every Tennessee county, UT Extension delivers educational programs and research-based information to citizens throughout the state. In cooperation with Tennessee State University, UT Extension works with farmers, families, youth and communities to improve lives by addressing problems and issues at the local, state and national levels.
For more information on this or other family and consumer sciences related topics, contact Shelly Barnes, Family and Consumer Sciences Extension agent for UT Extension in Wilson County. Barnes may be reached at sphill24@utk.edu or 615-444-9584.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Lambert has received a vote of confidence from the Stoke City board with the Potters on the brink of relegation.
The former Aston Villa and Wolverhampton Wanderers manager replaced Mark Hughes in mid-January with the remit of guiding the best365 Stadium strugglers to safety.
After winning his first game, Stoke have now gone 11 matches without a victory and are staring down the barrel of relegation to the Champipnship.
But the Scottish boss has been assured by chairman Peter Coates that he will be given the chance to lead the recovery next season.
Lambert signed a deal to keep him with the Potters until the summer of 2020 and Coates is determined to honour the agreement.
“Paul is under contract and there are no plans to change,” he told the Sentinel.
“We haven't been winning games because we haven't been scoring goals. It's not his fault that we haven't got a goalscorer.
“You must remember we had Jese at great cost and Saido Berahino at great cost, but they haven't performed for us.”
“We did try to strengthen again in January, it wasn't something we were unaware of, but football is more complicated than that.
“We tried to spend money, but for whatever reason we weren't successful. Good strikers who will make a difference are not easy to find, as anyone in football will tell you.
“We tried to sign Daniel Sturridge from Liverpool for example, but he preferred West Bromwich Albion because he wanted to move to that area. We tried for Danny Ings, but once they let Sturridge go they wouldn't let him go.”
Coates has not given up on Stoke surviving, but insists he shares the frustrations of supporters at the Potters' plight.
“We will review everything, but at the moment there are no plans to change the process,” he added.
“If we do get relegated, and it is still an if at the moment, we will only have one focus and that is getting straight back. It is a big challenge, but we are up for it.”
“I am as upset as anybody. The last thing you want is to get relegated and I know our fans are upset and frustrated.”
A decision to make
Villa captain John Terry says he still has the 'appetite' to play football.
Terry, 37, is out of contract this summer and Villa are hoping to persuade him to play on.
Steve Bruce and director of football Steve Round enjoy close relationships with the former Chelsea and England captain and are understood to have been encouraged by conversations over a new deal.
Speaking for the first time about his future, Terry told talkSPORT: "I still have the appetite and hunger for sure. I just want to get this season finished.
"My aim at the start of the season was to get us up, whether that was automatic or via the play-offs.
"One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end.
Transfer rumour: Loanee set to stay at Aston Villa for another season
"Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa, I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me. They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field.
"It has been a good combination and worked well for both, I feel.
"It's been an incredible journey so far. It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed. I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
"I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads, the manager has been superb with me, and the fans as well have been excellent.
Aston Villa's new kit: What a previous Luke 1977 strip looks like
"This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got, how big it is, the players, everyone deserves it. It is huge.
"The travelling support is incredible. We are equipped to go up. We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that."
More Villa news
Christian Benteke was placed on Aston Villa's scouting database by Alex McLeish, BirminghamLive can reveal.
Paul Lambert signed the Belgian striker in 2012 for £6million from Genk - but it was actually his fellow Scot McLeish who identified Benteke.
Benteke, who now plies his trade for Crystal Palace after his £30m switch to Liverpool backfired, spent three years at Villa Park and scored the goals to preserve their top flight status under Lambert and, latterly, Tim Sherwood.
But it wasn't Lambert or scout Paddy Riley who pinpointed Benteke as a potential target. McLeish marked him out as one to watch shortly after he made the ill-fated move across the Second City from Birmingham City.
McLeish, now manager of Scotland, was bemused to arrive at Villa and discover the club hadn't implemented a scouting database to keep tabs on targets from across the globe.
Benteke, who scored 49 goals in 101 appearances in claret and blue, was put forward to McLeish by scout Arthur Numan.
Numan watched Benteke regularly whilst he was playing for Genk - a club McLeish would later manage - and thought Villa could grab themselves a bargain.
McLeish's appointment at Villa Park came at a time when owner Randy Lerner was reining in the spending. Previous managers Martin O'Neill and Gerard Houllier had been backed heavily in the transfer market and Lerner demanded cuts were made.
McLeish was asked to reduce the wage bill and decided to expand Villa's scouting horizons in the hope of snaring a few gems.
The decision to include Benteke's name on the database he installed and ensure Numan and other scouts continued to watch the 6ft 4in frontman was key in the club's decision to sign him.
Papiss Cisse, who eventually joined Newcastle United and fired them to a fifth-placed finish, was another player on the database, as was Gylfi Sigurdsson.
Best Memorial Day Walks, Runs And Parades In MiamiWhile Memorial Day was originally designed to honor those who died in the Civil War, it soon became known as a day to remember and honor all those who died fighting for our freedom. There are many ways to honor our dead on this holiday an this list is just a tiny fraction of those methods. Whether attending a somber ceremony, going to a park for Memorial Day activity, there is something for everyone to do to honor our fallen soldiers.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Officers from the Tukavesi Police Station following the early morning raid. Picture: SUPPLIED
Update: 3:50PM MORE than 1000 plants believed to be Marijuana were uprooted in Loa, Tukavesi yesterday during Police a raid.
According to a Police force statement, the officers led by the station officer at Tukavesi Police Station conducted the raid at 5am in the morning and managed to collect 1,012 plants during the operation.
Meanwhile, police say they are looking for the owner of the farm whose identity is known to them.
"Success of these raids has once again been credited to the community," Divisional Police Commander Northern Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Verani Nakauyaca said.
Few issues in American society have provoked such polarized — and heated — responses as same-sex marriage. What may come as a surprise, however, is how polarizing the right to marry has been within the gay and lesbian community.
In her new book, The Marrying Kind? Debating Same-Sex Marriage within the Lesbian and Gay Movement, Verta Taylor, a professor of sociology at UC Santa Barbara, examines arguments within the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) movement in support of — and in opposition to — same-sex marriage, and how they have affected marriage equality campaigns.
Analyzing the rhetoric, strategies and makeup of the LGBT organizations pushing for same-sex marriage, Taylor and her co-editor, Mary Bernstein of the University of Connecticut, address the dire predictions of some LGBT commentators that same-sex marriage will spell the end of queer identity and community.
“I began to study the movement for marriage equality in California in 2004, the year that over 4,000 same-sex couples traveled from across the United States to marry on the steps of City Hall in San Francisco to protest our exclusion from marriage and to demand that our relationships and marriages be recognized,” Taylor said. “Also, I thought that writing this book would give us an opportunity to examine the debate over marriage that was taking place inside the LGBT movement, and to understand how it was affecting the success and failure of the campaign for same-sex marriage in the states.”
According to Taylor, marriage has not always been a goal of the LGBT movement. It first made it onto the agenda in 1987 at the third national March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights. That march sparked a movement to achieve domestic partnership laws and policies designed to provide some recognition to same-sex couples by employers and local and state governments. The result was a limited set of benefits granted to same-sex partners.
“But regardless of whether or not it was considered desirable, LGBT activists believed at the time that same-sex marriage was simply not a political possibility,” Taylor said. “Such recognition was almost unimaginable, especially for lesbians and gays who had lived through the era of the closet.”
After the passage of Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriage in California, the LGBT movement both in the state and nationally began to divert its attention and resources to the campaign for marriage equality. However, debates launched by queer activists and queer theorists addressed whether or not the movement should focus so much of its efforts on a goal that moderates believed was an impossibility, and radicals considered completely out of step with the “radical agenda” of gay liberationists and queer theorists.
“The essays in this volume reflect on queer activists' opposition to marriage by addressing their predictions that the legalization of same-sex marriage will encourage LGBT couples and families to mimic heterosexual families structured around male dominance,” Taylor said, adding that queer activists argue that this will bring about the end of a distinctive queer identity and community. “We present clear evidence that these predictions simply haven't panned out. For example, while same-sex marriage may encourage relationships that replicate conventional marriage, they depart in important ways from traditional male-dominated marital arrangements that have been so repugnant to gay liberationists and queer activists.”
In a study of legally married gay couples from Canada, where same-sex marriage has been legal long enough to assess its outcomes, Adam Isaiah Green, an associate professor of sociology at the University of Toronto and a contributor to the volume, reports that same-sex marital relationships tend to be more egalitarian with decision-making, the division of household labor, control of finances, and even questions of sexual fidelity negotiated between spouses, rather than based on traditional gender norms of marital monogamy.
“Although marriage equality has been advocated by national LGBT organizations for well over a decade, there is a difference between supporting the principle of marriage equality and actually choosing to be married,” Taylor said. “Two essays in our book reveal the ambivalence toward marriage that still exists among lesbians and gay men.”
'Everything Schaumburg' debuts as new Facebook community hub
hello
Our new 'Everything Schaumburg' Facebook page aims to be an interactive place for residents to share and help each other. Patrick Kunzer
The Daily Herald has launched a new community Facebook Group page called "Everything Schaumburg." It is aimed at becoming an interactive hub for news, information and conversation in town.
Residents of Schaumburg and nearby towns are encouraged to join the page and discuss schools, shopping, events, sports, news and everything else local to Schaumburg. Post your photos from events, talk to your neighbors, ask for help, share a tip, answer trivia questions, meet new people and generally just enjoy!
Visit "Everything Schaumburg" here and request to become a member today!
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File). FILE - In this Aug. 7, 2017 file photo, A worker throws out food from refrigerators pushed out to the curb, in the aftermath of flooding from the past weekend's rain storms, at the Treme Market and Restaurant in New Orl...
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File). FILE - In this June 21, 2017 file photo, Don Noel carries his daughter Alexis, 8, with his wife Lauren, right as they walk through a flooded roadway to check on their boat in the West End section of New Orleans. The cit...
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File). FILE - In this Aug. 7, 2017 file photo, Dwayne Boudreaux, Jr., owner of the Circle Food Store, dumps out dirty water that was vacuumed up from the store, in the aftermath of flooding this past weekend, in New Orleans.Th...
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File). FILE - In this Aug. 9, 2017 file photo, pre-med student Sheila Tendero, from the Miami Medical Team, helps gut the Zulu Social Aid & Pleasure Club Store, which flooded during rain storms this past weekend, in New Or...
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert). Workers fix a sewer main below the sidewalk in Mid City New Orleans, Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's “crumbling infrast...
By REBECCA SANTANA and KEVIN MCGILL
Associated Press
NEW ORLEANS (AP) - When a heavy rain hits New Orleans, residents move their cars to higher ground for fear of fast-rising street flooding. Knee-deep potholes can eat a car's fender. When pressure drops in the city's aging water delivery system, restaurants and cafes have to boil water to feed customers.
Battered by nature and neglect, New Orleans is one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure." But when looking at the billion-dollar needs of this 300-year-old city, two things become apparent: The rebuilding task is immense and it's not clear the president's new plan will help.
The city needs about $11.6 billion to bring key parts of its infrastructure into "this century," said city official Katie Dignan. That means repairing the roads, the infrastructure under them - sewer, water and drainage - as well as other parts of the drainage system that empties the city of water when it rains.
Dignan said the city has about $2 billion available, some from FEMA to mitigate Hurricane Katrina damage and some from other sources. Now, the city faces choices on how to come up with the remainder. Mayor Mitch Landrieu, who calls the aging sewer, water and drainage system a "prime example" of needed infrastructure work, has doubts about Trump's proposal.
Trump called on Congress to produce a bill that generates "at least $1.5 trillion" for infrastructure investment. But he hasn't detailed how much money the federal government would actually supply and has suggested that much of the money would come from state and local governments or private-sector investments.
"What the president is really proposing is not HIS infrastructure plan but basically saying to the states and the cities: 'Build it on your own and find another way to pay for it through raising taxes or cutting services,'" Landrieu, a Democrat and the current president of the U.S. Conference of Mayors, said Thursday.
Finding more money is a challenge in a financially strapped Louisiana - and in a city that was facing a major budget deficit when Landrieu took office eight years ago.
Landrieu said public-private partnerships can work on some types of projects where there's money to pay back the partner, but poorer cities - often those with the biggest infrastructure problems - are going to have a harder time. Forcing cities like New Orleans to pay for the infrastructure means taking money away from other local priorities, such as housing homeless veterans, he said.
The precariousness of the city's infrastructure was on full display last August when a massive downpour overwhelmed the pumping system and inundated many neighborhoods.
The Broad Theater was still recovering from a previous rainstorm when the August storm hit. Movie-goers evacuated waist-high waters by boat. Manager Michael Domangue lost his car to the flood. The theater closed for seven days and had to refund tickets.
"I still feel when we rain, people get worried about coming here," Domangue said.
And this damage all happened within sight of a pumping station that's part of the drainage system. Of the $11.6 billion, an estimated $2 billion is needed for long-term repairs and upgrades to the city's pumping system, Dignan said, although she cautioned that figure could change. The other $9.6 billion would go toward fixing the roads and the infrastructure under them. That includes a drinking water system plagued by wasteful leaks and occasional power failures and pressure drops that can let contaminants in - requiring residents to boil water.
Renee Blanchard owns the Church Alley Coffee Bar. She bought a $3,500 reverse osmosis water filtration system so that she can still make lattes and cappuccinos when the water pressure drops. Blanchard is frustrated that a small business in a big city has to deal with such expensive problems.
"That's ridiculous," she said. "I'm so small. I work most of the hours. I started off with a tiny bit of savings."
All cities have potholes but the New Orleans streets are in another category. Locals put traffic cones or tires into especially deep potholes to warn other drivers.
"If it rains the day before and it's filled with water, you don't know the pothole's there. You could tear up your car, your front end," Kenny Buras said of his street.
Residents try to take it in stride. During the summer flooding, people canoed through the streets, sometimes with a drink in hand. In May 2016, there was a "Sinkhole de Mayo" party after a massive sinkhole opened up at the foot of Canal Street.
But there's also a real frustration about how problems in New Orleans and elsewhere will be fixed.
Resident James Jensen noted mudslides and fires in California and rising seas in Miami: "There's many New Orleans out there."
___
Associated Press writer Stacey Plaisance contributed to this report.
___
Follow Santana on Twitter @ruskygal.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Legislation that would allow adoptees secure information about their adoptions should pass through the Oireachtas by the end of the year if there is co-operation across the Dáil and Seanad, Minister for Children Katherine Zappone has said.
The Government has denied that the Adoption (Information and Tracing) Bill has been stalled, and Ms Zappone said her department would now engage with TDs and Senators to speed up its passage.
The Minister was speaking during statements in the Seanad last night on incorrect birth registrations.
It came a day after Ms Zappone revealed that up to 126 people whose births were incorrectly registered are to learn that their parents are not their birth parents.
The incorrect registrations were uncovered in an analysis of the records of the St Patrick's Guild adoption society and apply to people who had had their adoptive parents incorrectly registered as their birth parents on their birth certificates between 1946 and 1969.
Tusla, the Child and Family Agency, has allocated a social worker to each of the 126 cases. Its first task is to identify individuals involved and establish their addresses.
A helpline established following the disclosure had, as of yesterday afternoon, responded to 85 calls.
Statutory right
On foot of the controversy, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar and Ms Zappone were questioned about the passage of the Adoption (Information and Tracing) Bill. The Bill aims to provide an adopted person a statutory right to their birth certificate and information about their adoption order, even if this was years ago.
In the Dáil, Mr Varadkar apologised to those affected and denied the Government was stalling the legislation in question. He said the Government was a minority administration and he appealed to the Opposition to facilitate the legislation's passage through the Oireachtas.
Ms Zappone put forward similar arguments and said the “main thing” was that she wanted to “get this right”. The Bill was published in 2016 and has passed second stage in the Seanad and is awaiting committee stage.
“As we are all well aware, following our second stage debate, the Bill seeks to balance competing rights to identity and privacy, and getting the balance right is proving challenging,” Ms Zappone said.
“The Bill places the information and tracing service on a statutory footing for the first time.
“The Bill is of relevance to persons the subject of incorrect registrations as well as to adopted persons. My intention is that, with your support, the Bill will be enacted by the end of the year.”
In weighing up competing rights, Ms Zappone said: “We can't enact something that is perceived by the Attorney General to be unconstitutional.”
Serious questions
People Before Profit TD Richard Boyd Barrett said he was “adopted by St Patrick's Guild in the years affected”. While he said he was probably not personally affected, he said he and thousands of others had serious questions.
“The Adoption Rights Alliance and the Coalition of Mother and Baby Home Survivors are furious about this and they say this has been known for 20 years but that nothing was done about it. People spoke about it while in Opposition but later came into Government and did absolutely nothing about it.”
There are measles outbreaks in several European countries. Almost all cases have occurred in individuals not properly immunized against the disease. The most seriously affected countries are Italy and Romania. However, France, Germany, Poland, Switzerland and Ukraine are seeing a significant number of cases and Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Iceland, Hungary, Portugal, Spain and Sweden have experienced a few cases.
Measles can be a very serious, even fatal, illness and is especially severe in babies and elderly persons. However, there is a very safe and effective vaccine available to prevent this disease. The vast majority of Americans are already immunized against measles, having received at least two doses of the MMR (Measles, Mumps, and Rubella) vaccine in early childhood.
Two groups of people in the American military community are particularly vulnerable to measles infection:
Family members who were not subject to the US immunization schedule as children , for example, foreign born spouses. To help protect your family when traveling around Europe, we recommend that you review your shot records to ensure that everyone is fully vaccinated against measles. Children under one year old traveling to high risk areas. Children under one are too young to receive the first regularly scheduled measles vaccine. This is a concern if they are travelling to an area affected by a measles outbreak. In such cases, U.S. authorities allow for the early administration of measles vaccine to provide protection until the regular measles series can be started at 12 months of age. This early dose can be given as early as six months. However, this early dose is additional and does not replace the first shot in the normal immunization schedule.
If you would like to discuss protecting your infant with an early dose of measles vaccine, or would like assistance reviewing your family members' immunization status, please schedule an appointment with your Primary Care team.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Vision Investments, the exclusive importer of SONAX car care products in the United States (www.sonaxusa.com), experienced record sales in the first quarter of 2017. The US SONAX distributor was recently awarded the SONAX "Climber Award for 2016" for largest year-over-year growth of all North & South America distributors. SONAX, the German market leader in premium car care products, established in 1950, has distribution channels in over 100 countries.
March 2017 was also a record sales month for the SONAX brand in the US with impressive year over year triple digit growth. "We are elated with our continued month-over-month sales records," said Rob McCrary, Managing Director of Vision Investments, the SONAX representative in the United States. "We attribute part of our growth to the launch of SONAX CC36 Ceramic Coating which has been very well received. We are also seeing an increase in bulk product purchases. Currently we import eight products in the 200 Liter sizes with the ability to not only increase the product range but sizes up to 1000 Liters," he said.
Marketing efforts continue with SONAX being featured in four episodes of season two of Velocity Channel's "Competition Ready" (airing April 21, May 19 & 26 and June 9) hosted by AJ Janic and Mike Phillips. Other marketing efforts in 2017 include segments on Velocity's "Two Guys Garage", Bloomington Gold, as well as global sponsorship of FIA World Rallycross team Hoonigan Racing Division (drivers Ken Block and Andreas Bakkerud). SONAX will finish the year at the 2017 SEMA show in Las Vegas.
About SONAX
Through intensive research and development, SONAX constantly improves and expands its product portfolio. Since 1950, the brand has been synonymous with the highest standard and constant advancement in the car care sector. SONAX is the #1 brand in Germany and a leading brand in Europe. SONAX is an official sponsor of Hoonigan Racing Division and Ken Block. Innovation, keen feel for market demands and excellent product performance have played a major role in the success of SONAX. All SONAX products are developed and manufactured in Neuburg, Germany. For more information, visit www.sonaxusa.com.
IT is only three months into the year 2018, and the number of Nigerians murdered in their villages and homes by gunmen masquerading as Fulani herdsmen is approaching the 500 mark.
From the New Year Day massacres in Benue State which prompted a mass burial televised live, more fronts of barbaric atrocities have been opened in Taraba, Plateau, Zamfara, Kogi, Ebonyi, Kaduna and most of the states in the Central and Southern parts of the country. The killers appeared to “welcome” President Muhammadu Buhari in his belated condolence visit to Benue with the slaughtering of two policemen sent to restore the peace in the state.
Shortly after the President returned from his condolence visit to Dapchi in Yobe State where he met with state government officials and the families of the 110 schoolgirls abducted by Boko Haram on 19th February 2018, another 52 innocent souls were wiped out in Borno, Kogi and Plateau States.
It is high time that we, as nation, sat down to identify exactly what is happening to us. Who really are these people we glibly refer as “armed Fulani herdsmen?” Exactly what is their agenda or mission in Nigeria? These questions are pertinent because shortly after the mass burials in Benue in January, the Directorate of State Services (DSS) claimed in a report to President Buhari that a terror group, the Islamic Stat in West Africa (ISWA), was behind the Benue killings.
This report did not draw much traction in the public space because Nigerians have grown skeptical over the body language of the Federal Government and its security agencies which prefer to style these attacks on indigenous communities as “farmers/herders clashes”. It is time to ask ourselves what manner of “herdsmen” would continue to attack and murder our citizens so relentlessly and remorselessly and yet our police and military contingents sent to arrest the situation appear unable to cope? Exactly what has the Army's Operation Cat Race (Ayem Akpatuma) achieved so far?
We wish to draw President Buhari's attention to the fact that Nigerians are holding him firmly to his campaign promise to secure the nation. This was top of his three-point agenda which persuaded Nigerians to vote for a change of ruling party and government in 2015. Unfortunately, instead of insecurity and insurgency reducing in scale, we are seeing a widening and an escalation of it. That the Dapchi schoolgirls were abducted while the Chibok abductions have not been solved is a pointer to the fact that we have lost more ground to insecurity under Buhari's watch.
Condolence visits are not enough. Nigerians are getting tired of them. We want a firm and decisive step taken to secure all Nigerians irrespective of their ethnic, religious and cultural backgrounds or political affiliations.
We want action taken NOW!
Oracle Claims First Truly Converged Cloud/NAS Storage Platform
Oracle announced a new platform this week to help enterprises integrate cloud storage services with on-premises NAS storage systems. The platform, called Oracle Cloud Converged Storage, is based on Oracle's ZFS Cloud software, which is included in the latest Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance release.
The company is pitching the solution as the first truly converged storage solution that offers both public cloud and on-premises, high-performance NAS (network attached storage).
The company said the new tools will allow organizations to move data or applications from on-premises storage to the cloud more easily. There's no need for external cloud gateways or software, or cloud access licenses from legacy, on-premises vendors in order to access public clouds from their infrastructure platforms.
Easier Path to Integration
Oracle said its new approach significantly eases the migration burden for IT administrators as they move from their own on-premise platforms to public cloud integration. The difficulty usually comes when trying to integrate disparate environments with different security requirements and a variety of industry standards. Struggling with end-to-end visibility, diagnostics and support can also be a problem.
With its ZFS Cloud, Oracle thinks it can beat both public cloud providers who cannot deliver on-premises, high-performance storage systems, and also traditional hardware vendors who lack truly integrated public clouds. So says analyst Mark Peters of the Enterprise Strategy Group. Peters says Oracle's converged platform delivers "a genuine hybrid data ability with a 'cloud insurance option' built right into the storage system."
Oracle says the convergence of its storage cloud with ZFS Storage Appliances will provide enterprise clients with the same performance abilities as flash storage drives plus the added agility and simplicity of Oracle's cloud storage solution. The company said the converged system can be used for elastic application storage as well as back-up and recovery. Other uses include development, testing, active archive storage, and snapshot replica storage. It can also be used by Dev Ops with a single API for both on-premises and in the Oracle Storage Cloud, and for lift-and-shift workload migration. Newer applications can also leverage data both in Oracle ZFS Storage Appliances (shown above) and in the Oracle Storage Cloud without any application changes.
Cloud Meets On-Premises
"Cloud [technology] is forcing IT practitioners to rethink their organization's infrastructure to accommodate current technology while future-proofing their business for tomorrow," said Steve Zivanic, Oracle's VP of Storage and Converged Infrastructure. "By converging the Oracle ZFS Storage Appliances with Oracle Storage Cloud, organizations benefit from the highest performing storage systems for their on-premises needs, while seamlessly extending them to Oracle Cloud resources when necessary. Oracle ZFS Cloud is the unifying enabler that helps customers bridge the gap between their current infrastructure and plans for broader public cloud adoption."
The company said the new update also includes a series of innovations to the Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance that extend Oracle Database dynamic automation capabilities. Oracle claims these updates can increase database administrator productivity by as much as ten times, as well as add all-flash pools to accelerate business applications.
The platform also includes new storage protocols to help automate storage tuning and cloud-scale data protection, with more than 62TB per hour of data backup.
Image credit: Product shot by Oracle.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Sheffield have secured the services of George Milton for the remainder of the season, having signed the forward on loan from fellow Championship club Hull Kingston Rovers.
Milton, 21, will go straight into contention for the Eagles' trip to Batley Bulldogs on Sunday.
Speaking about the signing, Eagles coach Mark Aston said: “It's great to bring George in, he's a smart, intelligent footballer with good ball control and skills for a forward.
“He's a player we've looked at now for a couple of seasons and we tried to get him when he came out of the system at Leeds but we were unsuccessful.
“He has struggled slightly for game time at Hull KR but they have a large quality squad so it's understandable.
“He's still only 21 so he is still relatively young but needs game time to help his development which we can hopefully provide him.”
The Eagles have also confirmed that half-back Remy Marginet landed in the UK yesterday evening and will also go into contention for this weekend's match against Batley.
We sat down with Rock Springs Historical Museum Coordinator Bob Nelson recently.
We asked him how he landed the job 17 years ago, what stood out in his mind from his years as the Rock Springs Historical Museum Coordinator and what he has planned next.
Majority of birth defects have unknown etiology
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Results show that 79.8% of birth defects were classified as unknown etiology, and 88.2% of these were isolated birth defects.
About 80% of birth defects between 2005 and 2009 have an unknown etiology, according to a study published in the BMJ.
Marcia L. Feldkamp, Division of Medical Genetics, Department of Pediatrics, University of Utah School of Medicine, and colleagues sought to assess causation and clinical presentation of major birth defects in children born between 2005 and 2009 to resident women in Utah's statewide population-based public health surveillance system.
The study included 5,504 cases among 270,878 births (prevalence 2.03%), excluding mild isolated conditions such as muscular ventricular septal defects and distal hypospadias. Results showed that 92.1% were live born infants, and 75.3% of cases (either known or unknown etiology) were classified as having an isolated birth defect.
The researchers observed a definite cause of birth defect in 20.2% of cases (n=1,114). Chromosomal or genetic conditions accounted for 94.4% of known birth defects, teratogens for 4.1%, and having twins for 1.4%.
The remaining 79.8% (n=4,390) were classified as unknown etiology, and 88.2% of these were isolated birth defects. A family history, defined as a similarly affected first-degree relative, was documented in 4.8%.
“For clinicians and parents, it is important to understand what can be done today to prevent birth defects, in particular the role of preconception care focusing on optimal women's health (including screening/treating chronic illnesses, attaining folic acid sufficiency, etc),” the study authors wrote.
“In addition, investigation of potential causes of a birth defect at the time of diagnosis (such as whether a genetic condition is present) can help to better plan management and appropriately counsel families, including the relief of anxiety related to unfounded information and guilt,” the researchers concluded.
Reference
PLAYERS OF THE DAY
Trae Young is the name everyone knew as No. 12 Oklahoma head to Austin to take on Texas, but it was another freshman point guard — Matt Coleman — who left as the star of the show.
Coleman finished with 22 points and a pair of assists, doing quite a bit of the work defensively on Young, who finished with 19 points and 14 assists but shot 7-for-22 from the floor and 2-for-14 from three.
It's great to see Coleman playing well. Texas is trying to cope with the fact that one of the players on the roster (sophomore Andrew Jones) is in a battle with leukemia, and that means that more of the load has been hoisted upon Coleman. He's answered the call.
So has Kerwin Roach, who finished with 19 points, four boards and four assists. He's become arguably the best perimeter player for the Longhorns in recent weeks, scoring at least 16 points in five of the six games since returning from injury.
THE REST OF SATURDAY'S STARS
SHAMORIE PONDS, St. John's : Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home.
: Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home. COLLIN SEXTON, Alabama : Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points.
: Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points. JEROD HARPER, Auburn : 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt.
: 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt. JOCK LANDALE, Saint Mary's : Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego.
: Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego. TREVON BLUIETT, Xavier: Bluiett finished with 31 points on 9-for-16 shooting on Saturday as the Musketeers held off Georgetown. He made this shot to force the overtime.
TEAM OF THE DAY
Oklahoma State desperately needed to win at No. 7 Kansas on Saturday if they wanted any chance of getting back to the NCAA tournament this season, and they did just that.
The Pokes were up by as many as 18 points in the first half, as the Jayhawks spent 40 minutes playing like they thought all they had to do to win at home was to show up. Kendall Smith led the way with 24 points, five boards and five assists for OSU while Cameron McGriff chipped in with 20 points.
This is the third game that Kansas has lost in Phog Allen this year. Bill Self entered the season having lost just 11 times in that building in his tenure with Kansas.
Kansas, on the other hand, is now tied with Texas Tech for first place in the Big 12.
GAME OF THE DAY
(UPDATE: Actually, it was this game.)
I don't know how Indiana did it, but somehow they shot 28.8 percent from the floor and 4-for-19 from three and still managed to have a potential game-tying heave at the buzzer bounce off the back of the rim.
The Spartans got up double-figures early and seemed to throw this thing into cruise control. The Hoosiers slowly but surely chipped away, creating another mind-bending stat: Michigan State, with the biggest front line in college basketball, finished with 29 total rebounds and just three offensive boards on Saturday while Indiana had 25 offensive rebounds despite starting a front line that stands 6-foot-6 and 6-foot-8.
The final score ended up being 63-60 despite Michigan State's best efforts to give this one away.
WTF???? OF THE DAY
St. John's entered Saturday having lost 11 straight games.
It is February, and the Red Storm do not own a single win in the Big East. It's been something of a disaster for Chris Mullin, one that has him fully on the hot seat.
So obviously, with No. 4 Duke coming to town, the Johnnies … played their best game of the year?
Shamorie Ponds popped off for 33 points while Bashir Ahem added 19 points and Tariq Owens chipped in with 17 as St. John's erased a seven-point halftime deficit to beat the Blue Devils. Duke was absolutely torched by Mike Krzyzewski after the game — and deservedly so — which has me asking: How is a team as talented as Duke is so reliant on Marvin Bagley III?
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
Remember when we thought that No. 21 Kentucky making that thrilling comeback and winning at West Virginia would be the turning point in their season? LOL. After needing overtime to beat Vanderbilt at home during the week, the Wildcats lost at Missouri in a game were the Tigers were more or less in control throughout. Kentucky was a trainwreck in the first half, digging themselves too big of a hole to dig out of. Kassius Robertson had 16 points and four assists to lead the way for Mizzou.
Whatever funk No. 10 Texas Tech was in earlier this year, they are out of it now. The Red Raiders won their fourth straight game on Saturday, knocking off TCU at TCU. The final score was 83-71, but it really wasn't that close.
Whatever funk No. 15 West Virginia was in the last three weeks, they look to be out of it now. The Mountaineers beat Kansas State by 38 points.
The two best teams in the SEC continue to be No. 18 Tennessee and No. 11 Auburn. The Volunteers absolutely smashed Ole Miss on Saturday, eventually winning by 33 points, while the Tigers held off Vanderbilt at home. It's a shame these two teams already played this season. It didn't get near the fan fare it deserved.
Deandre Hunter had 15 points and six assists off the bench for No. 2 Virginia as they knocked off Syracuse, 59-44.
Corey Sanders went for 31 points, seven boards and three assists, but it wasn't enough as No. 3 Purdue beat Rutgers in Piscataway, 78-76.
No. 19 North Carolina got back to their winning ways, snapping a three-game losing streak against Pitt. The most noteworthy part? Theo Pinson was healthy, finished with 13 points and eight assists and played as the back-up point guard.
Jacob Evans had 19 points as No. 8 Cincinnati knocked off UConn in Hartford.
Isaiah Washington did everything he could — 26 points in total — to get Minnesota a win in Ann Arbor, but it was not meant to be. No. 24 Michigan won 76-73 in overtime.
Theresa May blamed opposition attempts to thwart Brexit for what she claimed was a reluctant decision to call for an early general election on June 8th. But an enhanced Conservative majority could also leave her less dependent on right-wingers in her own party as she navigates two years of negotiations with the European Union.
Under the Fixed Term Parliaments Act, May needs a two-thirds majority in the House of Commons to call an election before 2020. She will introduce a parliamentary motion on Wednesday, confident that Labour will not wish to be seen to shy away from the challenge of facing the electorate.
Even if the motion fails, May can still engineer an early election by contriving a vote of no confidence in her own government, although that process would be more lengthy as the law requires parliament to attempt to form an alternative government before triggering an election.
The political case for an early election is compelling, with recent polls putting the Conservatives 20 points ahead of Labour, which will almost certainly face the voters on June 8th with Jeremy Corbyn as leader. Some Conservatives, particularly in southwest England, may be vulnerable to the resurgent Liberal Democrats. But the implosion of Ukip and May's presentation of herself as the keeper of the Brexit flame means that she will have less to fear from the right.
Vote of confidence
The prime minister used her announcement in Downing Street to frame the election as a vote of confidence in her management of Brexit and an attempt to strengthen her hand in the negotiations. But a bigger majority could also offer her greater room for manoeuvre in those talks, particularly oversensitive issues such as the nature and duration of any transitional arrangements after Britain leaves the EU.
In recent weeks, May has signalled a shift in emphasis, making clear that she expects free movement of people, budget payments to the EU and the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice to continue beyond March 2019. Until now, hardline Brexiteers on her backbenches have been supportive of her approach but that support is likely to crumble once hard compromises become necessary.
Although the polls are heavily in the prime minister's favour, she will struggle to increase her majority substantially in an electoral landscape where Scotland as well as Northern Ireland has effectively left the UK-wide political party system. And election campaigns seldom proceed according to plan, especially in a political environment as novel and unpredictable as that of post-Brexit Britain.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New figures show hundreds of hospital admissions due to acid attacks in England over the last six years.
NHS Digital data shows that since 2011/12 there have been 624 admissions because of an "assault by corrosive substance".
In 2016/17, there were 109 hospital admissions due to such attacks.
Victims can be left blind or severely disfigured after being doused in corrosive substances.
In August, health officials issued guidance on how witnesses can help victims of acid attacks, saying that the minutes after an assault are critical in helping those affected.
The new Report, Remove, Rinse guidance from NHS England urges witnesses or victims to report the attack by calling 999, carefully remove contaminated clothing, and immediately rinse skin in running water.
More than 400 acid or corrosive substance attacks were carried out in the six months up to April this year, according to figures from 39 police forces in England and Wales.
The NHS Digital figures also show that in 2016/17 there were 386 hospital admissions after a pedestrian was injured in collision with a bicycle.
And the number of pedestrians admitted to English hospitals after being struck by motor vehicles - including cars, lorries and motorbikes - was 6,948 last year.
Last week, Department for Transport data showed that three pedestrians died after being hit by bicycles in 2016. A further 243 were killed by cars and 55 by heavy goods vehicles.
The DfT announced a review into laws regarding cyclists after the sentencing of a man who killed mother-of-two Kim Briggs, 44, as he rode a fixed-wheel track bike with no front brakes.
Charlie Alliston, 20, was handed an 18-month jail term after being found guilty of causing bodily harm by "wanton and furious driving", a crime under the 1861 Offences Against the Person Act which carries a maximum sentence of two years in jail.
Overall, the new NHS Digital data hospital inpatient, day case and adult critical care episodes in England showed a big rise in "episodes" of patient care - or finished consultant episodes.
In 2016-17, there were 19.7 million finished consultant episodes in English hospitals - 33.4% rise from 10 years ago.
The figures also show some of the more unusual hospital cases including rat bites, lightning strikes and contact with scorpions.
Junior students in senior high school (SHS) should be careful when they eat with their seniors since some of the food they eat are laced with drugs, the Officer in Charge of the Male Observation Ward of the Accra Psychiatric Hospital, Mrs Comfort Anumah, has warned.
According to her, most young students are often naive so some of the seniors who abuse drugs take advantage of them and use every available means to introduce them to that bad habit.
She said junior students should not trust anybody and should always be on their guard and resist any attempt to lure them into abusing drugs with all their might.
Mrs Anumah noted that apart from smoking marijuana, some students used the drugs in preparing tea and lured the juniors to join them to drink it. She added that some seniors even went to the extent of using their money to buy the drugs for the juniors to entice them also to abuse drugs.
She said although some students abused other drugs such as cocaine and heroine, marijuana use among them was very high because it was less expensive and easily available, adding that “a roll of marijuana cost GH¢1.”
Mrs Anumah indicated that upon investigations during counselling sessions with some of the victims of drug abuse, a number of them confessed that they fell into drugs due to peer pressure, curiosity or loneliness.
She stated that some of the students confessed that seniors and some of their mates who abused drugs lured them into the habit by misinforming them that drugs helped them to study well and made those who are timid confident. She pointed out that “all these are misconceptions.”
Mrs Anumah indicated that when students abused drugs, they usually became aggressive and when they were in that condition they needed to undergo chemotherapy and take pills to calm them down.
She stressed that “everybody's body constitution is different; someone would smoke marijuana for a long time and nothing would happen to him but another might do so only once and might go mad so it is important for all students to be aware of this and always advice themselves accordingly.”
She also advised students never to try to abuse drugs because they would not know what would happen to them.
Mrs Anumah said parents should visit their children in school and get to know the kind of friends they have and advise them appropriately.
She explained that “when a person becomes addicted to drugs, quitting is very difficult.”
PRESIDENT Mnangagwa on Wednesday officially received records mainly Cabinet minutes and security reports that were unlawfully removed from public offices and exported to South Africa by former Rhodesian Prime Minister Mr Ian Douglas Smith towards independence in 1980.
The documents were kept at the Rhodes University in South Africa as part of the Smith family documents.
Receiving the documents comprising of 73 boxes at State House Wednesday afternoon, President Mnangagwa said the event marked a major victory in reclaiming the country's history.
“This event therefore, is a historic occasion in the reclamation of our history and culture,” he said.
“History and culture in their broadest sense are fundamental pillars for national pride and identity as well an important ingredient to the vitality of all communities as it involves the tangible and intangible attributes from past societies that are maintained and valorised in the present and handed over to future generations.
“Properly leveraged on a people's history and cultural heritage thus provides the most reliable and sustainable building blocks for social and economic development through creation of vibrant communities.”
President Mnangagwa said Zimbabwe's story and the struggle for independence would be incomplete without a comprehensive narrative of the colonial history.
As such, President Mnangagwa said, under the new dispensation Government had reconfigured the Ministry of Home Affairs and Cultural Heritage which was mandated to leverage on Zimbabwe's past.
“These archival material we gather here to receive this constitutes integral and crucial evidence of our history,” he said.
“I am therefore privileged to receive these records on behalf of the people of Zimbabwe, those departed, still with us and indeed for future generations. Our diverse cultural heritage resources tell the story of our shared past and fostering social cohesion.”
Said President Mnangagwa: “During the transition to independence, particularly between 1978 and 1979, substantial amounts of public records, mainly from Cabinet Office and the security services, were unlawfully removed from public offices and illicitly exported to South Africa.
“These were discovered in 1980, dispelling fears that most of the records had been burnt by Rhodesian security elements. Some of the records were subsequently returned from South African institutions following Government to Government negotiations during the post-apartheid era. Further negotiations have culminated in this return of the “Ian Smith Papers” from Rhodes University which we are gathered to receive today.”
The President said there were some collections from the independence transition period still privately kept in South Africa and Australia.
He said another considerable collection of military and intelligence records were also in private hands in the United Kingdom.
“In addition, there are missing philatelic treasures from its (UK) special deposit collection which consist of 30 rare Southern Rhodesian stamps that went missing during the 1979-1981 periods,” said President Mnangagwa.
“Furthermore, there are remains of the heroes of the First Chimurenga, waged in 1896-97, which ended up in foreign capitals as war trophies. My Government will continue to pursue the return of such important records and remains through diplomatic channels.”
President Mnangagwa said Government was also seized with the identification and promotion of liberation sites in foreign lands that hosted the country's liberation movements.
“My Government through the Ministry of Homes Affairs and Cultural Heritage, will indeed safeguard this important part of our heritage and further ensure the completion of the necessary administrative procedures in line with standing instructions for the retention and disposal of such records,” said President Mnangagwa.
The two Vice Presidents Dr Constantino Chiwenga and Cde Kembo Mohadi, Cabinet Ministers and several Government officials witnessed the official receiving of the records. Herald
Photo credit: Mikey Williams/Top Rank Promotions
On Saturday, Gilberto Ramirez will return from an extended stint on the sidelines, due to a hand injury, for the first defense of his WBO super middleweight title against Max Bursak.
The bout is part of Top Rank Promotions' world title tripleheader from the StubHub Center, Carson, California at 9 P.M ET/PT.
Ramirez (34-0, 24 knockouts) is clearly glad to put his injury issues behind him.
“It was very disappointing for me (to not defend) my title,” Ramirez told RingTV.com through trainer Hector Zapari, “because it was a very special moment for me (when I won the title) and my family, my team and for all Mexico. I waited a long time for the opportunity.
“But also I believe the injury came in a good moment. I had two years with the injury – the middle knuckle on my right hand – the surgery was successful and, thanks to God, my hand and knuckles are much better.”
The 25-year-old Mexican impressively shut out Arthur Abraham over 12 rounds, a year ago, to win the WBO super middleweight title on the undercard of Manny Pacquiao-Tim Bradley III.
The southpaw boxer-puncher is now geared up to face Bursak (33-4-1, 15 KOs).
“I hope it's good and tough fight,” Ramirez said. “We are training very hard for this fight, as always. I know that, being a champion, there are no easy fights.
“Max Bursak is a strong solid fighter. He had a very good amateur career. He was on the national team of Ukraine and we know that Ukraine right now has very good fighters, world-class fighters. Bursak comes forward very strong and with very good conditioning, so we are preparing for the best Max Bursak.”
As usual, Ramirez initially prepared in his hometown of Mazatlán, where he finished therapy on his right hand, before moving camp to Los Angeles to fine tune for two months.
Zapari is unperturbed by the extended hiatus and believes his fighter is constantly improving.
“Gilberto Ramirez is a fighter that is always improving. He's a very sharp fighter that is always learning. That's why he improves in every fight,” explained the young trainer. “We expect a great performance from ‘Zurdo.' He is hungrier than before. He will give a spectacular show to the fans in the L.A. area at StubHub Center.”
However, Zapari refused to look past the Ukrainian and is fully focused on the task at hand before looking at bigger fights.
“First of all, we have the fight with Bursak and we always respect the opponents,” he said. “Right now we don't have anything on our mind, only Bursak.
“The plan is to keep Zurdo very busy this year, and we are targeting the best fights, with the best fighters…But, for the moment, Bursak is the only fight that matters.”
Questions and/or comments can be sent to Anson at [email protected] and you can follow him on Twitter @AnsonWainwright.
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or…
SUBSCRIBE
You can subscribe to the print and digital editions of THE RING Magazine by clicking the banner or here. You can also order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page. On the cover this month: THE RING reveals The Greatest Heavyweight of All Time.
Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — The hunt for the serial bomber who has been leaving deadly explosives in packages on Austin doorsteps took a new, more sinister turn Monday when investigators said the fourth and latest blast was triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire.
Police and federal agents said that suggests a “higher level of sophistication” than they have seen before, and means the carnage is now random, rather than targeted at someone in particular. Underscoring that point, a relative says the most-recent explosion left what appeared to be nails stuck in his grandson's knees.
“The game went up a little bit — well, it went up a lot yesterday with the tripwire,” Christopher Combs, FBI agent in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division, said in an interview.
Two people have now been killed and four wounded in bombings over a span of less than three weeks.
The latest happened Sunday night in southwest Austin's quiet Travis Country neighborhood, wounding two men in their 20s who were walking in the dark. They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.
Police haven't identified the victims, but William Grote told The Associated Press that his grandson was one of them, saying he is cognizant but still in a lot of pain. Grote said one of them was riding a bike in the street and the other was on a sidewalk when they crossed a tripwire that he said knocked “them both off their feet.”
“It was so dark they couldn't tell and they tripped,” Grote said. “They didn't see it. It was a wire. And it blew up.”
Grote said his son, who lives about 100 yards (91 meters) away from the blast, heard the explosion and raced outside.
“Both of them were kind of bleeding profusely,” Grote said.
That was a departure from the three earlier bombings, which involved parcels left on doorsteps that detonated when moved or opened.
The tripwire twist heightened the fear around Austin, a town famous for its cool, hipster attitude.
“It's creepy,” said Erin Mays, 33. “I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbor kind of stuff.”
Authorities repeated prior warnings about not touching unexpected packages and also issued new ones to be wary of any stray object left in public, especially one with wires protruding.
“We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something,” Combs said.
Investigators are looking at a variety of possible motives, including domestic terrorism or a hate crime. Local and state police and hundreds of federal agents are investigating, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.
“We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point,” Austin police Chief Brian Manley said, citing similarities among the four bombs. He would not elaborate, though, saying he didn't want to undermine the investigation.
While the first three bombings all occurred east of Interstate 35, a section of town that tends to be more heavily minority and less affluent, Sunday's was west of the highway. Also, both victims this time are white, while those killed or wounded in the earlier attacks were black or Hispanic.
Those differences made it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern, further unnerving a city on edge.
Thad Holt, 76, said he is now watching his steps as he makes his way through a section of town near the latest attack. “I think everybody can now say, `Oh, that's like my neighborhood,”‘ he said.
Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said the latest bomb was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail.
“It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line,” he said. “It would have been very difficult for someone to see.”
Milanowski said authorities have checked over 500 leads. Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people.
Noel Holmes, whose house is about a mile away, was stunned by how loud Sunday's explosion was.
“It sounded like a very nearby cannon,” Holmes said. “We went out and heard all the sirens, but it was eerie. You didn't feel like you should be outside at all.”
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts. University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, “We must look out for one another.” None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers were to begin arriving.
“I'm pretty sure the tour has enough security to keep things safe in here. But this is scary what's happening,” said golfer Jhonattan Vegas, already in town.
Andrew Zimmerman, a 44-year-old coffee shop worker, said the use of a tripwire adds a new level of suspected professionalism and makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
“This makes me sick,” he said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The UK's advertising watchdog has referred secondary ticketing website Viagogo to Trading Standards for its failure to make changes to misleading pricing information on its website.
The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) said Viagogo was continuing to mislead consumers by not being upfront and clear about additional booking fees and delivery charges added at the end of the booking process.
Viagogo also operates a site for Irish consumers, currently advertising tickets for Ireland versus New Zealand in the Autumn Internationals, and concerts by Lauryn Hill, Taylor Swift and Michael Buble.
The Geneva-based firm was one of four who were subject to ASA action in March after a clampdown on “misleading” pricing information.
StubHub, Seatwave and GetMeIn were the other three companies subject to the action against so-called “drip pricing” - where VAT, booking and delivery fees were added at the end of the booking process.
However, the ASA said Viagogo failed to meet its May 29th deadline to make the necessary changes to its website.
It added: “As of today, the ASA is not satisfied that Viagogo has brought its website in line with the advertising rules.
“The ASA made clear to Viagogo that if changes were not made it would consider imposing further sanctions, including referring them to its legal backstop power, National Trading Standards, for consideration of statutory sanctions which can involve prosecution and fines.”
ASA chief executive Guy Parker said: “Viagogo was given clear warning and handed the opportunity to play fair with consumers by removing misleading pricing information from its website; its failure to do so means it will now face the consequences.
“Where an advertiser or business is unwilling or unable to follow the advertising rules, we will act. In light of Viagogo's inability to get its house in order, we're referring it to National Trading Standards to consider appropriate action.”
The ASA earlier warned Viagao that it was “breaking UK advertising rules” by failing to make additional fees clear.
Campaign group Fanfair Alliance, who campaigned against secondary ticketing online, and the music promoters Festival Republic and Kilimanjaro Live were among those who complained to the ASA about issues including additional ticket fees.
According to the ASA, Viagogo said: “Each ticket home page contained the text ‘prices exclude booking and delivery fees (applicable by transaction)', and therefore at the first stage of the customer journey, consumers were informed that the prices displayed did not include additional booking and delivery fees.”
Digital Minister Margot James told BBC 5 Live Breakfast's Nicky Campbell: “If there's one message I could get across to your listeners here this morning, it is that there are four big choices when you can't get a ticket for an event from the primary seller - and you've got to go to a secondary site - there are four choices. Just don't choose Viagogo, they are the worst.
“I think the best thing is for people to be made aware, we can't necessarily, especially because they are based outside of the UK, there are limits to what we can do to single them out.
“They will have to comply with the law in the end, it's just the other three big companies have agreed to do so in advance, but we are taking more steps to constrain the activities of secondary ticketing sites.” – PA
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand. Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by ANGELA WEISS/AFP/Getty Images.
In his most recent piece for New York magazine, columnist Jonathan Chait argues that Sens. Kamala Harris and Kirsten Gillibrand should stop portraying themselves as victims of sexism if they ever want to win the presidency. Chait's argument echoes his concern about the many disparaging “cards”—woman, race—that politicians have supposedly played, with some frequency, over the past two decades of U.S. politics. But Chait brings one new claim to the mix: that female victimhood is a particular currency on the political left that could make a candidate popular among progressives, even as it makes her appear unpresidential to everyone else.
Chait suggests Harris and Gillibrand have leaned into this victimization, even though the framing was not dreamed up by them, their staffs, or even the Democratic Party, but by an internet clickscape that creates and amplifies outrage. The exasperated headlines Chait bemoans (e.g. “Once Again, Kamala Harris Is Interrupted at a Senate Hearing”) tell us more about the perverse incentives of online media than about any strategy Harris has employed. Yes, the internet flattens complex gendered and raced slights into bite-size wafers of indignation that flare up and die down with equal speed. More people are interested in clicking on a video of someone doing something sexist to a beloved public figure than in watching a beloved public figure make a series of good points in a Senate hearing. That may very well be a failure of the public intellect, but it's inaccurate to ascribe that failure to Harris.
Chait assigns similar blame to Gillibrand for a recent GQ profile that touched on her fight against sexual harassment in Congress. Chait writes that “much of the story” hews to the theme of sexual harassment, including Gillibrand's own experiences as a target of such harassment. (She says male colleagues have grabbed her waist and made sexualized comments about her weight.) But less than a quarter of the GQ piece actually relates to Gillibrand and harassment, and much of it focuses on her moves to hold Sen. Al Franken accountable for his alleged sexual harassment and her legislative efforts to reform sexual harassment and assault policy. Chait argues that discussing a woman in relation to harassment—as a person men do things to—strips her of agency, making it hard to envision her as a possible president. But the actions described in the GQ profile—being the first Senate Democrat to call for Franken's resignation, starting a nationwide conversation on military sexual assault—don't really fit this profile; they are nothing if not evidence of Gillibrand's agency and power to effect change. If Chait and his intellectual peers dismiss everything a woman says or does that relates to sexual harassment as indicative of victimhood, that is a logical slip of their own making.
It's not clear why Gillibrand's personal experience as a victim of harassment shouldn't be regarded as relevant to her proactive political work on the subject. When a male politician loses a family member to cancer, then uses his platform to advocate for more funding for cancer research, we don't brush it off as the pleadings of a helpless victim. When a male congressman who served in the military tries to improve veterans' medical benefits after a bad experience at a VA hospital, we don't scoff as he brings up his military background. Anyone can advocate for greater accountability for sexual abuses, better-funded research into cancer treatments, or a renewed commitment to American veterans, but if an advocate has personal experience in the matter, it's both politically and practically smart to use it to inform her work.
Rather than see sexism as a legitimate barrier that takes disproportionate grit, thick skin, social diplomacy, and emotional fortitude to overcome—all qualities befitting of a good president—Chait sees that struggle as a liability.
Politicians of both parties have built entire political campaigns on the fetishization of victimhood, and the general public—backed by Chait-like columnists across the political spectrum—has applauded them. These victims aren't women or people of color, though. They are the working class—a phrase that usually means white, U.S.-born men. When politicians invoke the working class, they explain that working-class people are victimized by predatory banks, by overprescribed opioids, by overregulated corporations, by poisoned air and water, by an influx of immigrants, by rising health care costs, by organized labor or the lack thereof. At every year's State of the Union, alongside heroes and superachievers, working-class people attend at the invite of the president, serving as conveniently located rhetorical devices: the sympathetic victim in the audience, nodding along.
But presidents and those who'd like to be presidents don't stop at praising these working-class victims—they claim to be them. CNN has a great roundup of the humble backgrounds claimed by the 2016 presidential candidates. Bernie Sanders: “My father worked for almost his entire life as a paint salesman and we were solidly lower middle class. As a kid I learned, in many, many ways, what lack of money means to a family. That's a lesson I have never forgotten.” Ted Cruz, on working two jobs and taking out more than $100,000 in student loans: “Loans, I suspect a lot of y'all can relate to. Loans that I will point out I just paid off a few years ago.” John Kasich, to Whirlpool employees: “My father carried mail on his back for 29 years. Growing up the way I did, I'm really one of you. I understand what it all means. I understand the struggles.” No one accused him of playing the son-of-a-mail-carrier card.
These statements serve a dual purpose: to convince working-class voters that politicians understand their struggles, and to position the candidates as people who overcame obstacles to achieve success. What Chait fails to realize is that for female politicians, a public airing of their experiences with sexism can also prove that they have triumphed over obstacles to their success. If the son of a paint salesman has to work twice as hard as the son of a real estate tycoon to land that first big job, a woman has to work twice as hard as a man to be heard and taken seriously in the Senate.
Rather than see sexism as a legitimate barrier that takes disproportionate grit, thick skin, social diplomacy, and emotional fortitude to overcome—all qualities befitting of a good president—Chait sees that struggle as a liability. To the extent that Gillibrand and Harris actually talk about getting interrupted and sexually harassed on the job, it's not to complain or seek pity. It's to point out that they didn't float to the top on the winds of some inborn privilege, but fought their way there in the face of social and economic forces that would have beat back a less-determined candidate. Female voters, who make up more than half of the electorate, are more likely to relate to this struggle than if Gillibrand or Harris had insisted that they'd never been treated differently because of their gender.
The art on Chait's column includes photos of Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Tammy Duckworth, neither of whom he mentions in the piece. It's a shame, because Warren, in particular, offers an example for how sexism can be recast to a candidate's benefit. Warren was the recipient of some famously infantilizing remarks from Mitch McConnell in February of 2017, when he interrupted her midsentence during a debate over Jeff Sessions' nomination to invoke a rule preventing senators from ascribing “unbecoming” conduct to one another. “She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted,” McConnell said. Warren now sells merchandise emblazoned with that last sentence, and the DNC has used it on fundraising mailers.
The idea that a candidate is fighting back has always been a powerful motivator. The RNC fundraises with claims that Donald Trump is the victim of a lying mainstream media, and Trump sells shirts that proudly reclaim the word deplorable, an insult Hillary Clinton launched at Trump supporters. Trump has styled himself a victim at every turn, and while it's neither a great look nor particularly honest, it sure didn't cost him the election. Warren, at least, has emphasized one positive characteristic underlying her victimhood at the hands of a man: persistence. It's there in the stories of Gillibrand and Harris too. Men just have to be willing to see it.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Banks' overdraft fees have critics seeing red
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Hackers Shut Down North Carolina County, Demand Ransom
Deputies processed arrests by hand and building code officers used paper records Wednesday as one of North Carolina's largest counties considered how to respond to a hacker who froze county servers and is demanding ransom.
Mecklenburg County Manager Dena Diorio told reporters that officials face a deadline of 1 p.m. Wednesday to decide whether to pay a ransom of two bitcoin, or more than $23,000. Bitcoin is a digital currency used around the world and favored by some hackers because it can often be exchanged online anonymously.
Diorio said county electronic files have essentially been frozen after the attack that started when a county employee opened an email attachment carrying malicious software.
The county of more than 1 million residents includes North Carolina's largest city, Charlotte, though that municipality appears not to have been directly affected by the hack. The city released a statement Wednesday that its separate computer systems have not been affected and that it has severed direct connections to county computers.
Mecklenburg County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Anjanette Flowers Grube said in an email that deputies are manually processing suspects who have been arrested because its computer system was affected. The sheriff also announced that the county jail's website wasn't displaying inmate search information that's normally easily accessible.
But Flowers Grube said the problems don't extend to processing emergency calls, which is handled by the city of Charlotte. City fire and police officials didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
The county issued a statement on Twitter Wednesday asking residents to contact county offices before visiting to see whether they are offering services. Diorio said, for example, that the county's code enforcement office would have to rely on paper records until the outage is fixed because employees there can't access the electronic files they normally rely on.
Diorio said the county hadn't ruled out paying the ransom, but understood that could be risky.
"If you pay the bitcoin, there is always a risk they won't give you the encryption key," she told reporters.
She said the hacker didn't gain access to protected information on people's credit card data, health information or social security numbers.
An expert on cybersecurity told The Associated Press that it's not uncommon for municipalities to be hacked with ransomware. For example, a hacking attack in late 2016 on San Francisco's mass transit system led its operators to allow free rides over part of a weekend because of data problems.
Ross Rustici, senior director of intelligence services at the firm Cybereason, said ransomware schemes against local governments make the news every couple of months, but that they often tend to be smaller, rural areas. He said local governments are "easy targets" because they typically have older equipment and software than corporations or the federal government.
He said it's not unusual for businesses and local governments to pay the ransom. He said it's often more costly to try to recover the data unless technology officials are proactive about safeguards including frequent data backups.
"Once you're in that situation, you really have no good option so a lot of people and companies end up paying," he said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Moby has announced his upcoming album Everything Was Beautiful, And Nothing Hurt, his 15th studio LP.
The new album follows a pair of LPs that Moby recorded with the Void Pacific Choir, 2016's These Systems Are Failing and 2017's
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Moby Announces New Album ‘Everything Was Beautiful, And Nothing Hurt'
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Christian Craig, who is slated to fill-in for the injured Ken Roczen this summer in Lucas Oil Pro Motocross, will use the upcoming Salt Lake City Supercross as a chance to get accustomed to the 450, as he'll compete with Honda HRC in the 450 Class this weekend, the team announced today.
Already without the aforementioned Roczen, Cole Seely missed the Seattle Supercross due to a groin injury. At this time, Seely's status for this weekend is still uncertain.
While Craig, a full-time 250 riders for GEICO Honda, has raced a 450 outdoors during his career, he's only competed on a 450 at the Monster Energy Cup. This weekend will mark the first time he's raced a 450 in a point paying Monster Energy Supercross event.
“I'm really excited to debut on the Honda CRF450R this weekend in Salt Lake,” Craig said in a team statement. “The only time I've ridden a 450 in supercross was at Monster Cup in 2012 and 2015. I'll only have three days on the supercross bike going into the weekend, so my expectations are to have fun and try my best to put in some good results for the team. I'm thankful for this opportunity that HRC has given me.”
“We're looking forward to having Christian ride for us this weekend in Salt Lake City,” added Team Honda HRC manager Dan Betley. “Although it's only for one round, it will be good to have another rider out there, and it's a nice chance for him to get to know the team and vice-versa. Christian won't have spent much time on the bike with supercross settings, but we're hoping he can deliver a solid result before finishing out the 250SX season and joining us full-time for motocross.”
This weekend is a one-off race for Craig with Honda HRC, as he'll return to race the 250SX East Region when it resumes in East Rutherford.
This isn't the first time Honda HRC has sought a fill-in this season. Craig's GEICO Honda teammate Jeremy Martin raced with the team at the Daytona Supercross and finished second overall.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
If there's one takeaway from the current technology environment, it's that mobile is king and there's no shortage of opportunities to be had (and money to be made). Just ask Apple and Google.
The two technology titans may be arch rivals but both are willing to put aside their differences and work together to advance their respective business interests.
According to Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi, Apple is earning as much as $3 billion a year from Google in order to remain the default search engine on the iPhone and iPad.
Sacconaghi didn't blindly arrive at that figure. The analyst said the estimate was “triangulated” and based on third-party market research of Google's total mobile revenues, Apple's Services revenues and Google's distribution Traffic Acquisition Costs.
As Business Insider notes, it was revealed in court documents that Google in 2014 paid Apple $1 billion as part of an agreement to pay the Cupertino-based company a percentage of money it earns from iPhone and iPad users.
If the estimates are accurate, that means Google could account for as much as five percent of Apple's operating profit this year. And as Apple's ecosystem of iDevices grows, the money it earns from Google will only increase.
Bernstein also notes that the money Apple is getting from Google is likely all profit – not exactly a bad position to be sitting in.
Lead image courtesy TNW
Prescription Medication Use Decreasing in Children, Adolescents
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Overall, use of any prescription medication in the past 30 days decreased from 24.6% between 1999 and 2002 to 21.9% from 2011 to 2014.
Prescription medication use in children and adolescents decreased from 1999 to 2014, according to a study published in JAMA.
Craig M. Hales, MD, from the National Center for Health Statistics, at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Hyattsville, Maryland, and colleagues, identified US children and adolescents aged 0 to 19 years in the 1999-2014 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), a serial cross-sectional, nationally representative survey of the civilian noninstitutionalized population. NHANES participants 18 years or older provided written consent, whereas parental permission was obtained for those younger than 18 years; children and adolescents aged 7 to 17 years also provided documented consent.
Participants 16 years or older answered questions about prescription medication use themselves; for those younger than 16 years or not able to answer questions themselves, a proxy respondent (usually a parent) provided this information. During the interview, survey participants were asked if they had taken any prescription medication in the past 30 days. If the answer was “yes,” the interviewer recorded the names of up to 20 prescription medications taken in the last 30 days directly from the medication container.
The prevalence of use of any prescription medication and 2 or more prescription medications was evaluated for 2011-2012 and 2013-2014 combined, by age group (0-23 months, 2-5 years, 6-11 years, and 12-19 years), sex, race and Hispanic origin, household income to poverty ratio, education level of the household head, insurance status, and current health status, because previous studies have shown different patterns of prescription medication use according to these characteristics.
Medications were categorized into therapeutic classes using the Multum Lexicon Plus drug database, which provided nested levels of classification. The following additional therapeutic classes were created: antibiotics (oral only), asthma medications, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medications, antihypertensive agents, and narcotic-containing analgesics. Contraceptives were only included for female patients.
The sample comprised 38,277 children and adolescents aged 0 to 19 years (mean age, 10 years; 49% girls) from 1999 to 2014. A total of 10,706 study participants were included from 1999 to 2002 and 8,600 from 2011 to 2014. Overall, use of any prescription medication in the past 30 days decreased from 24.6% between 1999 and 2002 to 21.9% from 2011 to 2014. From 2011 to 2014, the most commonly used medication classes were asthma medications (6.1%), antibiotics (4.5%), ADHD medications (3.5%), topical agents (eg, dermatologic agents, nasal steroids) (3.5%), and antihistamines (2.0%). The researchers found significant linear trends in 14 of 39 therapeutic classes or subclasses, or in individual medications, with 8 showing increases, including asthma and ADHD medications and contraceptives, and 6 showing decreases, including antibiotics, antihistamines, and upper respiratory combination medications.
In an accompanying editorial, Gary L. Freed, MD, MPH, from the Department of Pediatrics, at the University of Michigan Medical School, stated, “Some of these trends likely signal potential improvements in the care of children, others may suggest little progress has been made, and yet others are difficult to interpret with certainty. Understanding the limitations of data from serial, cross-sectional studies not specifically designed to answer questions about medication use is essential to ensure children have the greatest likelihood to be best served by these research findings.”
Reference
VALENCIA, Spain — The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep him out for longer than three weeks, meaning he should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign.
The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that "the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks."
That could still rule him out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
Recall won't undermine
confidence in judiciary
In The Mercury News' April 20 interview of Judge Aaron Persky (“Persky on recall effort: ‘It's not just a problem forme,' ” Page A1), he expresses concern that “public confidence in the judiciary” will be undermined by judicial recall.
Quite the opposite is true. Judicial independence requires that judges are able to set aside conscious or unconscious biases in their courtrooms. However, in multiple decisions in cases of domestic and sexual assault (beyond the infamous Turner case), Persky has shown a notable pattern of leniency toward defendants with athletic prowess and/or social standing. The state Constitution has a safeguard to ensure that biased judges can be removed from courtrooms: recall.
In addition, to prevent capricious recalls, the requirements for putting a judicial recall on the ballot are unusually high.
Related Articles Letter: Can't forget Barbara Bush's remarks on Katrina evacuees
Letter: Why isn't Trump saying ‘go ahead and knock yourselves out' in Mueller probe?
Letter: Housing crisis will require many ideas, collaboration
Letter: The lowest cost earthquake ‘insurance' money can buy
Letter: This is the untold story of Judge Aaron Persky recall udge Persky's dire warning of “Twitterverse” court decisions are specious. Exercise your constitutional right to remove a judge for whom “blind justice” is a hollow phrase. Vote to recall and replace Judge Persky.
Harry Greenwood
Campbell
Submit your letter to the editor via this form
Read more Letters to the Editor
The sign said it all to the visitors and to the returning students, "Welcome back!"
Yes, a lot of changes are made in a span of one year, but here in the city of Birmingham, Alabama, the wait is over since that dismal Tuesday afternoon back November 2016. That is when University of Alabama-Birmingham football coach Bill Clark blew his whistle and dismissed his football team for what he thought was the last time.
After hours of deliberation, the people who do all the thinking and who are responsible for collecting and spending the funds made the painfully and agonizing decision that they all said, that there decision was for the good of the school.
They decided that the football program at the University of Alabama-Birmingham was expendable and decided that they would turn out the lights, lock up the doors, and that UAB football would be a fleeting memory.
The months slowly melted away and these people watched the parade known as college football pass them by, taking plenty of notoriety and a surplus of funds to be deposited into the bank.
After a year sabbatical, please remember this is the same group that decided that football had no future in the city of Birmingham, did an about face and reestablish the Blazers' football program.
There really is no good explanation or reason given for the suspension of football operations. Those people with the answer to the questions for the curious UAB football fan were too busy to give any answers.
Now all of that can be water under the bridge because this program has been raised from the dank, cold grave, given a breath of fresh air and a brand-new life.
Per the National Football Foundation. there are 777 sponsored football programs. including the seven new teams that will be making history this fall by taking the football field for the first time. The University of Alabama-Birmingham is not a stranger to the fast-pace world of NCAA college football.
What should not be a surprise is that the same people who had no problem in pulling the shroud over this football program are waiting with growing anticipation for the arrival of the football program.
They are ready to reach into the revenue pie and grab a great big slice of their favorite kind of desert, the money pie!
Make no mistake about it, in the state of Alabama, they do take their football serious and whether it is a high school game, Division 1, Division 2, Division 3, or even NAIA, the football that is played in the heart of Dixie is a profitable and serious business.
Football fans that follow the Blazers should be ready for a long and rough ride that is waiting just ahead of them this season and understand that just reaching acceptability of decent football is some time away.
Blazer football fans will be a shining example of dedication toward the game because their patience will be tested to the limits watching players going out onto the field, playing the game to their best ability and making mistakes along the way that will evolve into the making the Blazers into a football success.
"I guess I am cautiously optimistic," coach Clark said about his roster. "We've really started holding guys accountable."
History will be made hopefully under a clear-blue Alabama sky along with a warm golden sunshine, on Saturday, September 2, 2017j when the Blazers unlocked the door and roll out the welcome mat against Alabama A&M University starting at 2:30 PM CT at home inside the historical Legions Field.
When the electricity is turned on, the lights will flicker before the bulbs illuminate the field, there will be plenty of fans in their seats watching the pregame activities and when they conclude the warmups, there will be plenty of waves to players and coaches, it could bring some tears of joy to the eyes of many UAB football fans.
There should be a sense of accomplishment and pride for all of those people who are responsible for the resurrection of a proud University of Alabama-Birmingham football program.
Chuck Fisher came to Lehigh with dreams of changing the world for the better.
After receiving his undergraduate degree in biotechnology from Marywood University, he is now pursuing his doctorate in molecular and cellular biology at Lehigh.
He spends hours in the lab as a research assistant, sometimes even on the weekends. It's his full-time job until he obtains his doctorate.
Fisher receives a stipend of $25,000 a year as a research and teaching assistant. Lehigh provides him with a tuition waiver to cover his tuition, a bill he never sees. Under current law, Fisher and the other doctoral candidates do not pay federal income tax on the tuition waivers.
Now, with the provisions in the United States House of Representatives' tax reform bill, Fisher will have to pay tax on his tuition waiver. The proposed tax bill makes those waivers part of taxable income.
With the new tax reform bill, Fisher said sustaining his cost of living will not be feasible. He said it may impact his ability to finish the program because of the need to pay for his taxable stipends.
Fisher said the stipend covers rent, health care, groceries and general costs of living. He said with the change happening so fast, it's difficult to accommodate. Fisher and his wife, a Catholic school teacher making only $19,000 a year, are already trying to manage their costs.
Fisher is one example of 1,942 Lehigh graduate students and graduate students nationwide who face increased taxation if the final Senate tax bill makes tuition waivers taxable. More importantly, the bill will affect many doctoral candidates, specifically in STEM fields.
While the tax bill passed in the House in a 51-49 vote, the same bill did not pass in the Senate. In fact, the provision on making waivers taxable was removed. The next step is for the Tax Reform Conference Committee to discuss the final legislation changes before sending it to President Donald Trump.
Pat Toomey, the U.S. senator for Pennsylvania, was asked Wednesday night to be a part of the committee.
“The Senate bill does not change any of the tax treatments on incentives paid to graduate students, as the House does,” read a statement released by Toomey's office. “Should the tax treatment of these incentives come up for debate during the conference committee, it is important to remember that tax reform extends beyond singular changes and deductions. So while both the House and Senate plans to adjust tax treatment for certain entities and eliminate certain deductions, they both also lower rates, double the standard deduction and increase the child tax credit, resulting in a net tax cut for millions of working-class and middle-income Pennsylvanians.”
Fisher said for many of his peers, it will be extremely difficult to continue in their graduate programs if these changes are made. Students will have to reconsider if it's worth pursuing advanced degrees.
Tax professor Bryan Cloyd said the House tax bill will not only affect current graduate students, but it will be detrimental to higher education.
“Universities cannot achieve their teaching and research missions without the services of graduate students working as teaching and research assistants,” Cloyd said. “If section 117(d) is repealed, universities will have to increase graduate student stipends in order to compete for the best and brightest graduate students. Ultimately, undergraduate tuition would have to increase to cover these additional costs.”
If taxable tuition waivers become the law, Cloyd said doctorate students could see as much as a $3,000 increase in income taxes at a 12 percent tax rate, plus another $1,900 for social security and Medicare taxes. Essentially, doctoral candidates will have to pay an extra $4,900 in taxes.
“Lehigh would have to increase graduate students' taxable stipends, which would itself be taxable,” Cloyd said.
If the Senate bill passes, this new tax could begin in April 2018.
Fisher said Congress should be more understanding, considering nearly everyone voting on this bill has a college degree and many have advanced degrees.
He said the House bill will not only affect Lehigh students, but also the professors.
“My adviser and every other adviser here is depending on the graduate students,” Fisher said. “Their careers do not advance without our help, especially in the sciences — teaching assistants are running labs and helping relieve some of the course load.”
Graduate Student Senate president Nick Ungson said graduate students were made aware of the bill in their meetings. If the bill is passed, they plan to hold discussions starting next semester.
Ungson, who is pursuing his doctorate in social psychology, hopes to become a university professor. He is nervous his ability to recruit students will be harmed if taxable tuition waivers are included in the Senate bill.
Dominic Packer, the associate dean for research and graduate programs, said scholarships would remain separate from taxable income. Parker said someone who is a presidential scholar or a residential assistant will not have to pay this tax, and it only affects students who are receiving stipends.
“Depending on what happens, we will continue to do our utmost to support our graduate students and the scholarly mission of the university,” Parker said. “Graduate students are fundamental to what we do every day here. They are one of our top priorities. No matter what the ultimate bill looks like, we will figure out a way to continue to support our students…Until we know the details, we are not sure what kind of response we will need to make.”
In the meantime, Parker and Ungson recommend students contact Lehigh County's 15th Congressional district U.S. Rep. Charlie Dent or any other congressman or senators who will vote on the final bill.
Students like Kristin Anderson have gotten involved in bringing awareness to the bill.
Anderson is currently in her fifth year of her doctoral studies in neuroscience. She decided to pursue higher education after working in a research lab.
Anderson, Ungson and Fisher are among many Lehigh students who have made countless calls to Dent and other senators, expressing their concerns about the provision that makes tuition waivers taxable.
Fisher and Anderson have signed a letter that outlines the issues with the overall bill.
On Dec. 5, Anderson took her concerns and visited Toomey's Allentown office, where a bipartisan group protested outside for an hour.
“If we keep the pressure on, hopefully, this provision won't be in the final bill,” Anderson said. “Hopefully we won't have to face this reality that affects academia, research and higher education.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Another Harvard University farmland investment in Brazil may go awry.
The prosecutor's office in the state of Bahia said it's reviewing allegations that a company linked to Harvard's endowment isn't the rightful owner of land in the region, and it's determining whether to sue to reclaim the titles.
The land in Western Bahia was purchased by Caracol Agropecuaria, a company that is controlled by Harvard's $37.1 billion endowment through an entity called Guara LLC, according to the university's tax filings.
Property Fights
The dispute, which dates back years, concerns property titles for about two-thirds of a sprawling 140,000-hectare (540 square miles) farm, an area about the size of Phoenix. Such fights have become more common in Brazil as industrial agriculture spreads to poorer regions of the country and illustrate one of the risks for institutions investing in the sector.
“Caracol has the property title, but it couldn't prove how the land, at the dimensions it has today, has been formed over time,” Barbara Camardelli Loi, who's leading the probe in the prosecutor's office, said in an interview. “If we prove this is an area owned by the state, the company will lose it.”
A spokesman for Harvard Management Co., which oversees the endowment, declined to comment. Caracol didn't return calls seeking comment.
Farms, Forests
The dispute is another headache for Boston-based Harvard Management. The endowment has been reevaluating its investments in farms and forests, writing down the value of the portfolio by $1.1 billion to $2.9 billion last year and selling properties including a portion of a eucalyptus plantation in Uruguay.
The endowment, which has a number of other properties in Brazil, decided to exit from a farm investment of at least $150 million in a state neighboring Bahia last year, contributing to the writedown of the natural resources portfolio.
“For years, HMC benefited from an internally managed natural resources program that generated strong returns,” N.P. “Narv” Narvekar, chief executive officer of HMC, said in an annual investment letter in September. “At this stage, however, while most assets remain attractive, a few have significant challenges.”
Narvekar wrote that HMC sold some of the assets in fiscal year 2017, and will continue to hold others. “Our natural resources platform will take multiple years to reposition,” he wrote.
Read More: Harvard Endowment Hit by $1 Billion Natural Resources Writedown
The value of Caracol was about $44 million, according to a 2016 endowment tax filing.
While the property Caracol owns in Western Bahia is vast, only about 15 percent of it has been developed into farms for beef cattle, eucalyptus trees and crops such as corn and sorghum, according to government documents dated 2014. The farms are operated by the company Granflor Agroflorestal, according to the documents.
Brazil enacted restrictions on foreign ownership of farms in 2010 after an influx of international capital. Institutional investors including TIAA and Japanese trading house Mitsui & Co. have been drawn to the region in the past decade.
More: Harvard Endowment CEO Says 8.1% Return Signals ‘Structural Problems'
The dispute in Bahia was sparked by complaints from subsistence farmers who claim they had been forced from government land. The state formed a commission that recommended in a 2014 report revoking titles after finding a “festival of irregular and illegal procedures which resulted in usurpation of public lands” that predated Caracol's involvement.
The commission found irregularities with 24 titles that Caracol holds for lands it acquired, according to the report.
The environmental news website Mongabay.org wrote about the Bahia dispute last month.
The expansion of industrial agriculture in emerging markets in the past decade has led to complaints about so-called land grabbing, where subsistence farmers are pushed off property, according to Devlin Kuyek, a researcher at GRAIN, a Barcelona-based group that tracks the disputes.
“This is far from being just a land litigation,” Camardelli Loi of the prosecutor's office said in the interview. “It's a difficult situation also for the people who live there as agriculture is the main activity in the area.”
DAVIE, Fla. (AP) — Miami Dolphins guard Jermon Bushrod has been ruled out of Monday night's game against New England because of a foot injury that has sidelined him since Week 11.
Backup quarterback Matt Moore (foot) and running back Damien Williams (shoulder) were also ruled out Saturday, as expected. Cornerback Cordrea Tankersley (ankle and shoulder) is doubtful.
Coach Adam Gase said he anticipates Bushrod will be able to play again this season.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Only six of the 10 hopefuls have filed documents ahead of Nov. 8's mail-only election
Deborah Schwartz leads the pack of Santa Barbara City Council candidates in fundraising so far with $61,638.62, according to pre-election campaign finance documents released Thursday.
Ballots will be mailed out Oct. 11 for the Nov. 8 mail-only election, and only six of 10 candidates have filed fundraising documents through the city's election Web site.
Schwartz and other Democratic candidates are supported by several local labor unions, and Schwartz's list of contributors includes $5,731.25 from the Santa Barbara Police Officers Association and $7,500 from SEIU Local 620 Central Coast Voters for Better Government. She also received $3,000 from Assemblywoman Fiona Ma, D-San Francisco.
Cathy Murillo, a fellow Democrat, has raised $57,270.72 this year, which includes the same $7,500 from SEIU Local 620 and $2,000 from frequent campaign contributor Peter Sterling.
Incumbent Dale Francisco hasn't filed fundraising documents yet this year, nor has Sebastian Aldana, Cruzito Cruz or Jerry Matteo.
Incumbent Michael Self has $42,091 in her coffers, including more than $6,000 in loans to herself and a $2,000 contribution from businessman and SBCC trustee Morris Jurkowitz.
Iya Falcone, a former two-term councilwoman, raised $47,019.18 this year, including the same checks as Schwartz from the Santa Barbara Police Officers Association Political Action Committee and SEIU Local 620. She also received $3,600 from George Gaynes and $2,000 from Judith Hopkinson, a trustee of the UC Santa Barbara Foundation.
Rookie incumbent Randy Rowse, who took office in January after being appointed, has raised $35,262, which comes from many individuals in the local business community, including Green Hills Software's Tim Reid with a $3,000 contribution and Harbor View Inn owner Tony Romasanta with $2,000.
Sharon Byrne brought in $11,355 so far this year, including $5,731.25 from the Police Officers Association.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Southeast Asian leaders will focus on trade wars, the crisis in Burma and security tensions in the disputed South China Sea at a summit this weekend, but it's highly unlikely there will be any headline-grabbing progress on the issues.
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), formed more than half a century ago, has historically struggled with challenges facing the region because it works only by consensus and is reluctant to get involved in any matter deemed to be internal to any of its members.
The summit is being hosted by Singapore, an island state of 5.6 million people that is the smallest in the 10-member bloc, but the wealthiest and most Westernised. The group also includes developing countries like Burma, Laos and Cambodia, as well as nations like the Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Brunei and Vietnam.
Asked why ASEAN took so long to take action on regional challenges, Singapore Foreign Minister Vivian Balakrishnan said: “We can only do something if we get consensus. We need to do that because no other regional grouping has such diversity.
“But when ASEAN does decide and it does get moving, because there is consensus, I think we can do so effectively,” he said in an interview.
Singapore's largest-selling newspaper, the Straits Times, said last year that even ASEAN's five founding members took distinct approaches to issues facing the grouping.
The Philippines, it said, “demands ‘a legal basis' for everything, while Singapore tends to ask ‘What is in it for us?'”
“Malaysia refers everything back to its government, Thailand prefers rule by committee, and Indonesia wants everything in step with its Pancasila [five-principle] philosophy.”
The situation in Burma's western state of Rakhine, where hundreds of thousands of minority Rohingya Muslims have fled for neighbouring Bangladesh after a military crackdown, is one of the biggest challenges facing the group. The United Nations has said there is growing evidence that genocide has been committed.
“What you're witnessing now is a disaster, it's a human tragedy,” Balakrishnan said.
He said ASEAN's focus had been on stopping the violence and delivering assistance but added: “The political responsibility and accountability have to be with the Myanmar government. They have to find a political solution.”
Buddhist-majority Burma denies accusations of widespread abuses and has asked for “clear evidence.”
Work in progress
ASEAN hopes that a code of conduct it is negotiating with China will ease the dispute in the South China Sea, one of the world's most volatile hotspots and one of its busiest waterways.
Balakrishnan said substantial work had been done on the code in recent months, but it was still a work in progress.
“Frankly I was pleasantly surprised that we could actually put it all down in a single document, albeit with lots of square brackets and they are not necessarily reconcilable yet,” he said.
Singapore has previously said it would be “unrealistic” to expect an agreement on the code to be reached within a year, after talks began late last year. Critics have said the code, which is expected to be non-binding, would only be an incremental step since it would not force China to backtrack on its moves.
Malaysia, Taiwan, Brunei, Vietnam and the Philippines all claim some or all of the South China Sea. China says it owns most of the waterway and has been aggressively building and militarising artificial islands.
Negotiations on the code of conduct have moved as well as they could under the difficult circumstances, Balakrishnan said. “Are the territorial issues resolved? No, of course not. Those will take years, if not generations,” he said.
ASEAN foreign and finance ministers will gather ahead of the summit and were likely to voice concern on trade tensions between the United States and China.
“From an ASEAN perspective, the ideal world is one in which America, Japan, China and Europe get along and work within agreed multilateral rules adjudicated by multilateral institutions … like the WTO,” Balakrishnan said.
“We think it's a good idea,” he said, referring to the World Trade Organisation, which US President Donald Trump has called “a catastrophe” and “a disaster” for the United States.
“We do not wish to see unilateral imposition of trade measures, no matter how they argue them. Take it to the WTO, accept multilateral institutions, multilateral rules,” Balakrishnan said.
The extraordinary is happening behind the scenes: former President Robert Mugabe could be in the process of shaping an opposition political party that could feature his ex-deputy Dr Joice Mujuru and his wife, Mrs Grace Mugabe, among its leading lights.
Insiders privy to developments say a meeting last week between the Mugabes and Dr Mujuru was the first step towards creation of an opposition coalition largely populated by G40 cabalists who have been in disarray since the November 2017 Operation Restore Legacy ended their ambition of grabbing the reins of power.
The cabalists have been circulating a “consultation points” document in a bid to rally support for the fledgling project, which the ruling Zanu-PF says will not cause them any sleepless nights ahead of national elections constitutionally scheduled for this year.
Among other things, the document wants to build consensus around possible postponement of the elections while a “transitional authority” holds State power.
They also want Sadc or the African Union to deploy military troops in Zimbabwe to pave way for their “transitional authority” — something highly unlikely seeing as the continental bloc's Summit just two weeks ago welcomed President Emmerson Mnangagwa as one of its two newest members, along with Liberia's President George Weah.
Last week, ex-President Mugabe reportedly apologised to Dr Mujuru — who leads the National People's Party — for sacking her as his deputy in 2014. He is said to have given his blessing to the creation of an opposition political party that will bring together G40 and the NPP.
It is understood he advised Dr Mujuru to work with sacked ministers Jonathan Moyo, Patrick Zhuwao, Edgar Mbwembwe and Paddy Zhanda, among others.
Former Member of Parliament Dr Daniel Shumba and ex-Zanu-PF Harare Youth League chair Mr Jim Kunaka are also said to be in the mix.
The Sunday Mail understands Dr Mujuru was scheduled to fly to Cape Town, South Africa at the weekend to thrash out the scheme with her new-found buddies.
Dr Mujuru, Prof Moyo and Messrs Zhuwao and Zhanda could not be reached for comment.
Mr Mbwembwe tried to distance himself from it all saying, “I have been out of Harare for more than a week, doing my constituency work. I don't know anything about what you are talking about. Maybe you guys in Harare can give me details of what is transpiring.”
Mr Kunaka said: “I am not aware of the new political party project. There could be some people with a hidden agenda. I don't play hide-and-seek. I do things in the open.”
Earlier, Dr Mujuru had told a Washington-based radio station: “I went to speak to (Cde Mugabe). . . He invited me there himself. If you were to be invited by VaMugabe would you say no?”
She said the former leader wanted them to “work well together”.
Intelligence sources said all indications were that the G40 cabal still had a grip on Cde Mugabe's decision-making through Mrs Mugabe.
“The initial plan was to have Grace lead the party, but then the name Joice Mujuru came up as a compromise because Grace's political activities are still fresh in the minds of the nation.
“‘New Patriotic Front' has been brandished as a possible brand because the idea is to make it appear that this project is indigenous and Pan-African.
“A document has been crafted to that effect; to extol the virtues of Zimbabwe's heroes because that is how a people come together, around its heroes and myths. They will try to push forward the names of national heroes, which is where Mujuru comes in, even as they try to put back on track what is largely a self-serving agenda to grab power at all costs.”
Dr Mujuru was married to national hero General Solomon Mujuru.
Another source said, “Mujuru is just a pawn in this game which is tailored to upstage President Mnangagwa's administration. Why is Jonathan suddenly posting positive comments about Mujuru, whose intellectual capacity he has long questioned and whose leadership he has always disparaged? Why is he calling the meeting (between the Mugabes and Dr Mujuru) ‘game-changing'?
“These guys are going around saying they have bought 300 vehicles that will be used for campaigns. That's not true. Some of the vehicles in question were purchased when (Ignatius) Chombo was still (Home Affairs) Minister and these were for chiefs. They are trying to create an impression that they are organised and well-funded when that is not the case.”
Zanu-PF Politburo member and war veterans chair Cde Victor Matemadanda said the G40 cabal was free to form a political party as the Constitution provides for such rights.
“One thing people like Zhuwao should not forget is that Zimbabwe is in a mess right now because of his uncle (cde Mugabe) and the cabal that made Zimbabweans suffer because of corruption and neglecting developmental issues.
“Every Zimbabwean is battling economic hardships. It won't be easy to forgive G40. Imbwa ikadzingwa mumusha inoyenda kunohukura iri kunze kwemusha yakatarisa mumusha, but ikawona kuti vanhu vandiramba, inofuratira yotarisa musango yoenda ichihukura nesango. That is exactly what Zhuwao and his team are doing.”
Zanu-PF National Secretary for Youth Affairs Cde Pupurai Togarepi said the ruling party was ready for all comers.
“As far as we are concerned, this is a grouping of misguided elements who are all failures. Zanu-PF is too strong and as the Youth League we are not bothered. We should not lose sleep over (them). We are waiting for them and in elections we will show them what we are made of,” said Cde Togarepi.
A political analyst said G40's intention was to dilute Zanu-PF's vote and block President Mnangagwa from getting 50 percent-plus-one of ballots needed to make him a first round winner of the Presidential race.
“The Zhuwawos and Jonathans know that they will not win any election. They are just making noise in the hope of splitting the vote,” he said.
Political analyst Mr Godwin Mureriwa weighed in, “Mugabe engaging Mujuru is a sign of desperation. He is trying to seek relevance and also trying to use tribal Zezuru politics but Zimbabweans are not that foolish. What Mugabe must know is that Zimbabweans are tired of him and nobody wants him to be involved in our politics again.
“They know that President Mnangagwa has the of the majority of the people of Zimbabwe, who are behind him because he is working hard to improve the economy.”
Other citizens, too, are not amused with the evolving project.
Harare resident Miss Blessing Nyengera said, “What makes them think we can gracefully accept Grace Mugabe back in our lives? No one in his or her right senses can trully associate himself/herself with G40 given the way they made us suffer as they looted the country's resources for their own benefit.”
Mr Tendai Ngwerume of Chitungwiza added: “The country is moving in the right direction under the new dispensation. A lot of positive changes are already in progress under President Emmerson Mnangagwa. What makes G40 think we have forgotten their cruelty?”
But it is not just about G40, Mrs Mugabe or Dr Mujuru: Cde Mugabe himself could – hypothetically – stand as the envisaged project's Presidential candidate.
Constitutional law expert Professor Lovemore Madhuku explained: “Former President Mugabe served one term and he can still contest an election although I don't see that happening. He still enjoys his rights to take part in any political process; the law is very clear on that.”
Section 103 of the Constitution says, “The President and Vice-Presidents, and any former President or Vice President, must not, directly or indirectly, hold any other public office or be employed by anyone else while they are in office or are receiving a pension from the State as former President or Vice President, as the case may be.”
However, such a move could see Cde Mugabe lose the goodwill he has enjoyed from President Mnangagwa's administration, which has largely sought to treat him with dignity as a former Head of State despite his last years in office being hijacked by the G40 cabal's machinations. Sunday Mail
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Smile has released version 10.0 of PDFpen and PDFpenPro, a major paid upgrade to the PDF editing and manipulation apps. You can now use PDFpen to add watermarks to documents, along with headers and footers. A new Precision Edit tool lets you select things like line art and logos and move, resize, and delete them. A new Magnify button gives you a better look at small items in the Library, and you can increase or decrease the size of Library items. Finally, the color palette now matches what's in PDFpen for iPad and iPhone, providing access to more colors. Exclusive to PDFPenPro 10 is batch OCR, which lets you process as many documents as you want and can run in the background. Smile has a page demonstrating many of the new features.
Upgrades from version 9 of either app cost $30, and the upgrade price from PDFpen to PDFpenPro is $50. Those who purchased version 9 on or after 1 January 2018 can upgrade for free. Upgrade pricing is not available via the Mac App Store, but PDFpen 10 checks for a previous version and offers to check for upgrade options. Remember, if you need help with PDFpen, check out Michael Cohen's free and just-updated Take Control of PDFpen 10. ($74.95/$124.95 new with a 20 percent discount for TidBITS members, $30 upgrade, 74.4/122.9 MB, release notes, 10.12+)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexis Sanchez has posted a cryptic message on Instagram after being dropped for Manchester United's FA Cup victory over Brighton.
Sanchez was left out of the quarter final tie which was settled by goals from Romelu Lukaku and Nemanja Matic.
Sanchez has been struggling for form in recent weeks after joining United from Arsenal in January.
And Old Trafford boss Jose Mourinho opted to restrict Sanchez to a place on the bench.
When asked why Sanchez was dropped, Mourinho truthfully told BT Sport: "It's just the team that I think is the best team to try to win the match.
"We don't have a match in two days or a reason to think about another match.
"This is the only match to think about and I'm playing the players that I believe deserve to play."
Sanchez has scored just once in 10 appearances since trading places with Henrikh Mkhitaryan, and some United fans seemed pleased that he had been dropped, reports the Mirror.
Sanchez posted updates to Instagram stories from his private workstation while singing La fine by Tiziano Ferro.
(Image: Alexis Sanchez/Instagram)
But the Chile international also uploaded something quite cryptic, a clip from the 1990 film Rocky V.
The particular scene Sanchez filmed was Mickey's inspiring speech to Rocky, where the coach reveals the boxer is his reason for living and he'll train him the best he can.
Make of that what you will.
Meanwhile, Sanchez has been blasted by Alan Shearer as the former Arsenal favourite struggles to settle in at United.
Sanchez has failed to live up to his billing since joining from the Gunners.
And BBC Match of the Day pundit Shearer admits the Chilean playmaker looks like a different player from the one who sparkled at the Emirates.
Writing in a column for bookmakers Coral , Shearer said: "They signed Alexis Sanchez and it looks like they have got his twin brother.
"He looks like the little boy the lost. It is the coach's job to get the best out of the players."
Shearer also criticised Mourinho and said the Old Trafford boss must take responsibility for his under-performing stars.
"When you look at the players they had on the pitch against Sevilla, the likes of Lukaku, Sanchez and Rashford, they had enough quality on the pitch and they should have been able to get the win in front of their home supporters," he added.
"United knew what they were getting when they signed Mourinho, a man who has an arrogance about him but delivers trophies.
"It might not be pretty at times but he gets you trophies just like he did last season. Having said all that, the football they have been playing has not been entertaining at all."
Varane comments
Manchester United are interested in Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane - according to the player himself.
The Sun cite an interview on Spanish radio in which Varane admits there has been contact with the Old Trafford club.
The French defender is one of the most highly-rated in the world and Jose Mourinho is claimed to be a huge fan.
The 24-year-old was signed for Real by the United boss and when asked about contact from Mourinho, he told El Larguero: “No, not directly. There were contacts, but not directly.”
Mourinho's main priority is known to be midfield but he has yet to settle on a steady first choice centre back pairing with Eric Bailly now fit again, Phil Jones, Chris Smalling and Victor Lindelof all having played.
By Gabriel Olawale
A PROFESSOR of Clinical Microbiology, Professor Folasade Ogunsola has raised alarm over emergence and spread of antimicrobial resistance in the country, leading to increasing incidence of healthcare associated infections.
Ogunsola who is a Consultant Clinical Microbiologist and Principal Investigator, Infection Prevention and Control, IPC, Curriculum Development Project, warns that the problem may not be resolvable except Nigerians develop a culture of proper infection control and prevention.
Speaking during the Infection Prevention and Control, IPC, Curriculum Development Project Closeout and Certificate award ceremony held in Lagos recently, Ogunsola said numerous forces driving the spread and emergence of antimicrobial-drug resistance include breakdown in infection control practices and procedures.
Ogunsola said the situation is made worse due to selective pressures created by overuse of antibiotics, “poor Infection Prevention and Control practices such as poor hand hygiene, lack of adequate cleaning and disinfection, inappropriate use of personal protective equipment among others.”
She pointed out that the fundamental issue in minimising transmission of infection within healthcare facilities remains careful and detailed attention to infection control practices as it forms major component of all health system.
“For us to combat infectious diseases there is need for sustained IPC infrastructure and programmes should be built around a set of core components which includes guidelines, training, surveillance, multimodal strategies for implementing IPC, monitoring and evaluation among others.”
Recently, findings of the IPC survey report on infection prevention and control in Lagos State, was publicly disseminated even as health providers advocated for the advancement of IPC practice in Nigeria
A curriculum was developed to ensure proper integration of infection prevention and control into clinical care in the state.
Speaking on the process of IPC Curriculum Development, Consultant Public and Occupational Health Physician/ IPC Specialist, Dr. Tochi Okwor said the curriculum was developed in such a way that benefiting practitioners would train others.
“Infection Prevention and Control, IPC Curriculum Development Project Closeout and Certificate award is the first indigenous training curriculum for infection prevention and control practitioners in Nigeria.
According to Tochi, who is Programme Manager of the project:“After 18 months of developing the curriculum, the first set of trainees was trained on the Basic IPC course at the College of Medicine UNILAG.
The training was designed in such a way that beneficiaries will be able to train other healthcare workers standard precaution and transmission base precaution.
“We also include advocacy, communication and behavioural change, and education using adult method models,” she noted.
Certificates were awarded to 22 graduating students who expressed their joy at the training and their motivation to go back to their institutions and make a difference. The training is a six month diploma course.
Metro Officer Hartfield was shot and killed when a shooter opened fire at the Route 91 Harvest Festival Oct. 1 (FOX5).
CARSON CITY, Nev. (AP) - Gov. Brian Sandoval joined hundreds of people at the State Capitol marking the addition of two names to the rolls of law enforcement officers who've died in Nevada over the years in the line of duty.
The Nevada Appeal reports that Thursday's annual Nevada Police Officer Memorial ceremony remembered Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Officer Charleston Hartfield and National Park Service Ranger Thomas "T.K." Brown.
Hartfield was off-duty attending the Route 91 Harvest Festival concert on Oct. 1 on the Las Vegas Strip and became one of the 58 people killed during in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Department officials say Hartfield died performing lifesaving actions for others.
Brown died in 1973 in a training exercise at Lake Mead.
The memorial now has 132 names.
Information from: Nevada Appeal, http://www.nevadaappeal.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
By Kingsley Adegboye
EXPERTS in the real estate sub-sector of the nation's economy have reiterated that the sub-sector remains one of the potential revenue drivers for the Nigerian economy in 2018. This is based on the sector's performance so far in the year as well as outlook for the rest of the year. Although the economy was in recession at the beginning of the previous year, the exit from recession in the second quarter of 2017, has created an opportunity for rekindled activity and subsequent recovery for real estate, according to the experts.
Speaking at the third edition of the West Africa Property Investment, WAPI, summit which held recently, Broll CEO, Bolaji Edu reiterated the huge investment potential that exists in the Nigerian real estate sector. He noted that Nigeria as a power house in West Africa, has the capability to attract investors, stressing that the diversification of the economy should be extended to the sector.
He noted that “the fund managers and asset managers with the property skills are able to drive excess returns. The market is creating good quality grade A stock developed by local investors and international private equity firms, as well as completed assets generating stabilised returns, which investors in West Africa are targeting.” According to him, the capital base of real estate will keep growing due to investments in Grade A commercial office and retail segments of the sector, pointing out, however, that to cater for the needs of the domestic occupier market, there has to be development of good quality Grade B or Grade B+ investment. “There has also been a rise in demand for space from sectors such as finance, oil and gas, professional services and technology, propelling a larger market for real estate investment in the country.
Unlike in the past when most of the available rental spaces were taken up by businesses predominantly in oil and gas, demand enquiries are now more diversified. “The market, however, remains a tenants' market as demand and supply remain in disequilibrium due to the existing and anticipated supply in the market. This stalls the scope of rental growth in the market,” the Broll boss said. In its Occupier Service Snapshot Report for 2017, Broll Nigeria's Head of Corporate Real Estate Services and Research, Nnenna Alintah, noted that the rental trend “endured a consistent decline in the past three years due to the simultaneous increase in building stock and contraction in economic activities.” With bullish expectations for the Nigerian economy in 2018, it is expected that Nigerian commercial real estate will mirror this development although not immediately. In the short term, as the economy improves towards 2019, ‘greenshoots' of rental growth should return. The sector is expected to also attract more investors during the year due to its long-term investment benefits.
Meanwhile, Stanbic IBTC has thrown its weight behind REIT Investors in Real Estate Investment Trust. REIT has received a boost as Stanbic IBTC Holdings Plc has indicated its preparedness to support individuals and businesses interested in long-term investment in the real estate sector.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nurse Josephine Iyamu has been handed a 14-year jail sentence at Birmingham Crown Court for trafficking five Nigerian women to Germany to work as prostitutes.
Trafficking gang leader Josephine Iyamu, who used voodoo threats to scare her victims, stared at the floor in the dock as she was jailed.
Judge Richard Bond said he had no doubt Iyamu - the first British national prosecuted for Modern Slavery Act offences after trafficking victims outside the UK - had exposed them to a "real and significant" risk of death as they travelled across the Mediterranean on inflatable boats.
Passing sentence, the judge told Iyamu: "Trafficking human beings is an ugly offence - it must always be dealt with severely by the courts to deter others from taking part in this vile trade.
"You showed a complete disregard for the welfare of these women. You saw them not as living, breathing human beings but as commodities to earn you large sums of money."
As well as physical scarring caused by voodoo ceremonies, the victims had been "psychologically kept under lock and key" by death threats made during the rituals, the judge said.
Iyamu made her victims swear oaths to hand over money during "juju" ceremonies which saw them ordered to eat chicken hearts, drink blood containing worms, and endure powder being rubbed into cuts.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Jurors were told the 51-year-old then arranged for the women to be trafficked across the Mediterranean - with one being told to pay a "bill" of 37,000 euros.
Iyamu, formerly of Wilson Grove, Bermondsey, south London, was convicted on Thursday of five counts of arranging or facilitating travel for sexual exploitation after a ten-week trial at Birmingham Crown Court.
Jurors also convicted the Liberia-born British citizen of perverting the course of justice by arranging for relatives of the complainants in Nigeria to be arrested.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Lending Club continues to feel the pain from governance scandal
Brandon May
ACC Outlines Best Practices for Ionizing Radiation Use in Cardiovascular Imaging
This article originally appeared here.
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
The consensus statement highlights the inherent cancer risk associated with high doses of medical radiation exposure. Photo Credit: RMA Photography Inc/Science Source
In a new expert consensus statement in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology, the American College of Cardiology, American Society of Nuclear Cardiology, Heart Rhythm Society, North American Society for Cardiovascular Imaging, Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions, and Society for Cardiovascular Computed Tomography provided updated guidelines on best practices for improving safety when using ionizing radiation during cardiovascular imaging.
The consensus statement was made following the discovery of recent statistics that demonstrated the increasing performance frequency of ionizing radiation-based cardiovascular imaging procedures across the United States.
The consensus statement highlights the inherent cancer risk associated with high doses of medical radiation exposure, particularly lifetime doses >100 millisieverts. In addition to discussing the mechanisms of radiation-induced biologic effects, the writing committee also provided an overview of the types of dose-effect reactions to radiation, including tissue reactions (eg, cell necrosis, skin injury, bone injury, and cataracts) and stochastic effects (eg, cancer and heritable effects in offspring).
To elucidate the effect radiation exposure has on cancer risk, the committee recommended calculating the lifetime attributable cancer incidence and mortality risk. Clinicians can then obtain data on a proportion of exposed patients who may have a higher risk for a cancer diagnosis related specifically to radiation exposure.
To estimate the absorbed dose of radiation, the writing panel recommended using models that were developed by exposing instrumented “phantoms” to incident x-ray beams that replicate the beams used in diagnostic imaging and then measuring the absorbed dose at different points within the phantom. However, these models do not determine other dose-determining variables, resulting in considerable variability in absorbed estimates.
The investigators of this consensus statement also advocated for greater quality assurance when working with ionizing radiation in cardiovascular imaging. Improving quality assurance relies on verifying the performance and calibration of equipment and monitoring the metrics of exposure in patients and personnel.
Overall, there was an emphasis on proper personnel training, which “should create a culture of respect for radiation hazard and a commitment to minimize exposure and maximize protection.”
Reference
Writing Committee Members, Hirshfeld JW Jr, Ferrari VA, Bengel FM, et al. 2018 ACC/HRS/NASCI/SCAI/SCCT expert consensus document on optimal use of ionizing radiation in cardiovascular imaging-best practices for safety and effectiveness, part 2: radiological equipment operation, dose-sparing methodologies, patient and medical personnel protection [published online April 30, 2018]. J Am Coll Cardiol. doi:10.1016/j.jacc.2018.02.018
Bomber's Sports Bar is hosting their annual Halloween All-Night party Saturday, Oct. 28!
There will be Halloween-themed drink specials and giveaways!
And all ghouls, witches and undead nurses be ready for the annual Costume Contest.
Come in costume and you could win a prize!
Halloween All-Night Party
Saturday, October 28
.
.
.
.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
Hizbollah boosted by battleground successes in Syria conflict
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Sterling rallied in early afternoon trading, recovering from initial losses after Theresa May announced a snap election, as investors began to hope that the June vote would give the UK prime minister a more decisive mandate as Brexit talks get into full swing.
Sterling fell from 0.845p against the euro to 0.851p immediately after the leader of the UK's Conservative Party made the announcement outside No 10 Downing Street at around 11am, before recovering the ground again within minutes. However, it had rallied by 0.5 per cent to 0.842p by early afternoon.
The reaction was similar in sterling trading against the US dollar, with the UK currency managing to turn initial losses following Ms May's statement to a 0.8 per cent gain, to $1.2671.
However, the FTSE 100, which is dominated by export-oriented oil and pharmaceutical groups, extended its losses to fall by as much as 1.6 per cent to 7,210 as investors digested the news, while the Iseq index in Dublin dipped by 0.3 per cent to 6,674.
“The Conservatives are currently around 20 percentage points ahead of Labour in the opinion polls, so the election would very likely see an increased Tory majority, in turn increasing the likelihood of Brexit, according to Mrs May's plans,” said Chris Hare, an economist with Investec in London.
“Although leaving the [European] single market is priced in, one possible upside for sterling markets is the notion of Brexit taking place with less opposition/less confusion. But clearly, it is early days and the looming vote could well cause market volatility in the weeks to come.”
Alan Clarke, an economist at Scotiabank, said: “The pound seems to be a little bit firmer on the news. I guess if it leads to a bit more certainty and you have a bigger majority for the Conservatives it means a little more certainty.”
News of the UK election has added to European markets volatility on Tuesday, as investors also monitor the standoff over North Korea's nuclear weapons programme and the first-round vote this weekend in the French presidential election.
EAGAN, Minn. (WCCO) — The Minnesota Vikings continue their organized team activities in Eagan this week.
These really are a lesson in fundamentals and to an extent, team bonding. Wednesday morning's rain forced them indoors, but as opposed to Winter Park, they have plenty of room indoors to hold a full practice.
As WCCO's Mike Max reports, even a hint of drama from this team has been dismissed.
It's really a pretty standard NFL day. Run plays and drills, then repeat running plays and drills.
“I love OTAs. It's a great opportunity to come out here, focus on the things you need to do to get better and it's just a great opportunity to remember how you got to where you are,” wide receiver Adam Thielen said.
There was one face they welcomed to OTAs this week: Anthony Barr. Many people thought he missed last week because he was upset about his contract. Actually, it was a little more in-depth than that.
Barr missed last week, fueling speculation about making a stand to get a new contract. Yes he wants a new deal, but according to him, that's not why he missed.
“I was trying to get something done before OTAs, but that didn't happen so I had to protect myself and get an injury insurance policy. That took like a week to get situated, so now I got that and now I'm rolling and good to go,” Barr said. “I thought it was in my best interest to protect myself, and that's what we do.”
Make no mistake, he's in line for a big pay day. Having established himself as a foundation piece of one of the league's best units, the Vikings' defense.
So is he still working on a new contract?
“That's something my agent is doing a great job with. I think they're having conversations and I don't know too many details about that. My focus is here with the team and getting better,” Barr said.
But forget drama, it's just another day in OTAs.
As the head of engineering at Atlassian, I'm part of a lot of interview panels (Like, a lot). I know I've got an above-average candidate sitting across from me when they start asking questions about the team they'd be joining. Some ask about the team's culture. Others want to hear specifics on software development practices or the tech stack.
In essence, what they really want to know is this: is the team effective?
It's a question every developer should be asking any time they interview – and that every engineering leader should be able to give a clear answer to. Heck: leaders should be asking themselves this questions every week. Seems simple enough on the surface, but there's a catch.
There's no magic metric for gauging effectiveness.
For years, our industry has focused on measuring efficiency, using dubious metrics like number of bugs created vs. resolved, rate of passing builds, story point velocity and others. While it's helpful to know how fast your team is moving, those numbers won't tell you whether the features you shipped this week were the right features, or whether your builds are running the right tests.
Signs of effective software practices
Until that magic metric for software team efficacy comes along, we'll have to make do with looking for a few key indicators. Use this list whenever you're considering moving to a new team (even inside the same company), or whenever you simply could do with a dose of self-reflection (which, honestly, should happen on a regular basis).
Quality of releases over time – Are releases consistently high quality? How often are deploys being rolled back? How often are progressive rollouts aborted?
– Are releases consistently high quality? How often are deploys being rolled back? How often are progressive rollouts aborted? Coding standards – Do they exist? Are code analysis tools used to avoid wasting valuable code review time?
– Do they exist? Are code analysis tools used to avoid wasting valuable code review time? High-quality tests – Are the tests fast and dependable? Do they run automatically run on a branch before any code reviews occur? Do they cover a large portion of the code, including the stuff outside of the happy path?
– Are the tests fast and dependable? Do they run automatically run on a branch before any code reviews occur? Do they cover a large portion of the code, including the stuff outside of the happy path? Continuous development – Can everyone on the team get changes into the dog-fooding environment and production easily?
– Can everyone on the team get changes into the dog-fooding environment and production easily? Code review throughput – What is the average time a pull request (or code review) waits for the required number of reviewers to review it?
– What is the average time a pull request (or code review) waits for the required number of reviewers to review it? Code review participation – How well are the code review responsibilities distributed amongst team members?
– How well are the code review responsibilities distributed amongst team members? Technical debt – How much technical debt is there? How much does this overhead drag down the team's velocity?
– How much technical debt is there? How much does this overhead drag down the team's velocity? Architecture – Is the architecture sound and how well does it scale? Are there patterns in place to protect customers' security and privacy?
In addition to all that, the hiring process should be transparent, with clear standards the team expects any candidate to meet. Standards should be both high and inclusive of people from traditionally underrepresented groups. For example, relatively few women contribute to open-source projects, so requiring contributions to open source effectively shuts out a huge group of highly qualified candidates your team could have benefited from.
It's unlikely you'd have a chance to talk through this entire list in an interview. But if the hiring manager hits several of these points, that's a sign they've got solid experience and know what they're doing. Remember: being a great engineering leader requires a whole different skill set than being a great developer. Kevin Scott, former SVP of Engineering at LinkedIn and current CTO at Microsoft, sums it up nicely:
“Calling all engineering leaders: please start spending a disproportionate amount of your management time thinking about culture as a design process.”
Signs of effective teamwork practices
You can't get the full story unless you spend time talking to members of the team about how they work together, and how they work with other teams.
At a minimum, verify that the team has visibility into the larger goals of the business and aligns their team-level goals with them. That signals not only a basic level of transparency throughout the organization, but shows that engineers trust leadership to set the right direction. It also indicates that engineering leaders actually have time to think strategically and aren't just reacting to one problem after another.
Pay attention to feedback loops as well – both the technical kind (builds, tests, etc.) and the human kind. Frequent, helpful feedback from peers and managers is crucial for career growth and healthy teamwork. Each person on the team should have a clear understanding of the roles they play, what's expected of them in those roles, and whether they're meeting those expectations.
What if the signs are inauspicious?
As a developer, there are lots of things you could optimize for when looking for a new job: a culture that suits you, a tech stack you're excited about, a product you'd feel proud to help make. In my experience, none of these can compensate for the frustrations of being on a team that isn't effective. If a software team has good answers to many of the questions above, they are probably doing well and are worth joining (or, if you're the hiring manager, worth bragging about).
It's rare for a team to be so far gone that there's no hope of becoming effective. My go-to method for building effective collaboration is the Team Health Monitor – an eight-point self-assessment for teams we developed at Atlassian.
The Health Monitor is a great tool for engineering leaders who want to make sure their teams are attractive to the most talented developers out there. And while I don't recommend developers join a struggling team in the hopes of rescuing them, the Health Monitor is worth trying with the team you're on now. Maybe you won't feel so antsy to land a new job after all.
Mike Melnicki is a life-long developer and currently head of engineering for developer tools at Atlassian.
POMPANO BEACH, Fla. - A South Florida man has been arrested nearly a week after his wife was found dead inside their Pompano Beach home, authorities said Tuesday.
Patrick Palmer, 51, faces a first-degree murder charge.
Authorities said Sherry Palmer owned Chit Chat's on Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. The bar is now temporarily closed after the 63-year-old woman was found dead inside her home Wednesday.
A sign in front of the business said it was closed to allow employees time to grieve.
Authorities said employees grew concerned last week after noticing the couple hadn't shown up for work in days. They called the Broward Sheriff's Office and asked deputies to perform a welfare check.
BSO spokeswoman Gina Carter said in a news release that Patrick Palmer was found lying on a bed, bleeding from his arms.
Patrick Palmer and Sherry Palmer
Authorities said he was unconscious, but alive. Deputies found Sherry Palmer's body wrapped in several tarps in the backyard. She had been shot twice in the head, Carter said.
Carter said detectives believe Patrick Palmer engaged in an elaborate cover up in the days after his wife's death in an attempted to make Sherry Palmer's loved ones believe she was still alive.
Carter said witnesses told detectives that they heard gunshots the night of April 14.
She said detectives found a pickaxe and shovel near what appeared to be a shallow grave near the victim's body.
The body had already begun to decompose when authorities arrived at the home, Carter said.
Dental records were used to confirm Sherry Palmer's identity. The medical examiner has since ruled her death a homicide.
A dedicated prayer service was held Sunday outside a nearby bar called Mickey's to honor the life of Sherry Palmer.
A motive for the shooting is unknown.
Anyone with further information about the couple is asked to call Detectives James Hayes or Jeffrey Curtis at 954-321-4231. Reports can also be made anonymously by calling Broward Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) celebrates with wide receiver Cole Beasley (11) after scoring on a 2-point conversion to tie the game at 28-28 during the second half of an NFC divisional round playoff game at AT&T Stadium on Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017, in Arlington. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
FRISCO - Dak Prescott's about to have a little more time on his hands.
After the Cowboys conclude minicamp on Thursday, the veterans don't have to report for team activities again until training camp begins July 22 in Oxnard, California. No more mandatory meetings, press conferences or formal film sessions for Prescott for more than a month. He'll attend some camps, including at his alma mater Mississippi State - but what else lies ahead?
"I'll have a lot more time on my hands," Prescott said Wednesday from Cowboys minicamp.
He won't leave football totally behind.
"It's important to take time off but also staying focused on the playbook, keeping my feet firing, keeping my arm going," Prescott said.
One way he'll do that: hold de facto quarterback camps with his receivers. They' plan to meet at the Cowboys' practice facility at the Frisco Star and have floated around other training locations too.
Prescott doesn't care where he meets as long as his team is working.
"If one receiver's in town when I'm here, we'll get some work in," Prescott said. "I don't care if we're both down in L.A. and accidentally run into each other - we'll probably go get some work in that next day or something. It's about just communicating, knowing where we're at, trying to get a time together where we're all there."
This story is definitely true, it's just the details that might be a little skew-whiff. It was years ago, no idea how many. England were playing somebody in football, no idea who. And they were doing unexpectedly well, no idea what the score was. The only thing that myth, legend and apocrypha has preserved is the punchline, wherein one of the scrotes in the press box turns to another and goes, “Christ mate, how do we knock this?”
Over the years, it has passed into the vocabulary of all sports hackery, a sort of glib throwaway to be used when things are going just that little bit too well. We do it ironically, of course, for we are people of full and generous heart.
But we all know, too, that there's an entirely useful sentiment behind it. Everything should be knockable, basically. Can't be happy-clappy all the time. Spare the knock, spoil the sport.
It came to mind last week watching the RTÉ panel fillet the Ireland women's rugby team after their close win over Australia. Lynne Cantwell, Fiona Steed and Rosie Foley were so thoroughly unimpressed by Ireland's display in their first game of the World Cup that they didn't just knock it, they knocked seven shades out of it. Not good enough. Basic errors. We need to see more.
“There didn't seem to be an awful lot going on in the backline other than passing it and trying to catch it,” said Steed at one point, with a half-grin on her face that told you she knew she was sparing nothing and nobody.
“Without being too simplistic about it. We didn't see them trying to isolate defenders, trying to create space.”
Cantwell played in the last World Cup and has friends for life still playing in the Ireland team. But she didn't put a tooth in it either.
“Ireland made it very hard for themselves. They didn't play at a standard that they can play at. Their defence and their defensive line-speed let them down, they turned over the ball, their set-piece was poor . . . Yes we can talk about complacency, some first-game jitters, fine. But there's some serious work-ons before the next game.”
Watching on, you couldn't but be struck by the total absence of cheerleading. There was no prevaricating either, no support-the-girls leavening of the criticism.
Critical precision
Neither, GAA folk might like to note, was it mentioned even once post-match they the team is made up entirely of amateurs, as if that might be a reason to go easy on them. Instead, Cantwell, Steed and Foley dissected the performance with cool, critical precision and it made for compelling television.
This is what normal looks like. A national team putting in a flawed performance but coming through it in the end. A TV panel clearly wanting them to do well but giving it down the banks to them all the same. A TV audience learning a little more as we go, forming opinions on it all along the way.
So often women's sport gets covered in the media in big picture terms. Half the time we talk about how it's covered (or not) in the first place, the other half we talk about sprawling, amorphous topics like participation levels or funding or, God help us, whether or not some of it is suitable for girls.
Most of the time, the subjects are broad because the media's knowledge is general. It's easier to fill a 10-minute radio slot with a to-and-fro with David Corkery over the watchability of women's rugby than it is to do almost anything else on earth. The text lines buzz away merrily with that kind of thing and literally nothing is achieved other than bridging the space to the next ad break.
But we all know that nobody experiences sport in big picture terms. Even when we mean well, treating it that way is often just a clumsy form of trying to make up for not doing it right in the first place.
Nobody knows this truth better than the women who are or have been on the inside. You could tell watching Lynne Cantwell the other night that she was determined not to give this Ireland team the same treatment hers received after the last World Cup.
They came home from that tournament mightily pissed off after getting a hammering from England in the semi-final and losing the third-place play-off to France, only to find that they were apparently heroes now because they'd beaten New Zealand in their pool game.
In its own way, it was as wounding an insult as all those years when nobody paid them the slightest bit of attention. It was the danger of a little knowledge, the downside of big-picture sports coverage. Nothing makes failure worse than a half-interested media telling you it was a success.
Sport is a million small moments, each of them lived in that moment. The more we examine those moments in and of themselves, rather than wringing our hands about the over-arching meaning of it all, the better for everyone. Even – especially – if that means knocking it.
Remember when you were in high school and the cool thing to say was ‘music is my boyfriend'? We're here to assure you it's still cool.
This Valentine's Day (February 14), community organisers Freshly Ground Sounds are bringing back their fourth annual For the Love of Music event at Dubai Garden Centre to ensure you're not alone in your romantic pursuit of good songs.
For the Love of Music will feature two notable things: fresh coffee and local bands (some old favourites, some new faces).
The Dubai Garden Centre will be transformed, according to organisers, “into an intimate pop-up live music venue for one night, surrounded by plants, candles and blankets.”
PS — in case you were wondering if it's true love, yes, your pets are allowed to come, too.
Meet the performers…
Moh Flow is a Jordanian singer-songwriter in the genres of R'n'B and rap.
Norman Bataille is a Cuban singer-songwriter performing jazz, blues, funk, rock, country, swing and R'n'B.
Pimms Brooke is a pop and soul singer hailing from London.
The Heavy Touches are an indie-acoustic act that are new to the Freshly stage and new to Dubai.
A King Made is a solo reggae-funk act.
Dari & Gio are sibling musicians aged 13 and 17, who began performing with Freshly last year.
Gravity is a girl band, made up of 9-12 year old performers.
Prithvi is a piano rock solo act.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Black Country industrial firm has undergone a management buyout.
TotalKare, which is based in Halesowen, specialises in heavy-duty vehicle lifting products, selling mobile and fixed lifts to national operators and independent workshops.
It has been purchased by a management team led by David Hall, existing chairman Mike Lord and fellow directors James Radford and Peter Geobey from previous managing director Tim Jackson and technical director Michael Gilliam.
Supported by Santander, the deal gives the company the opportunity to build on a record year that saw it boost turnover by £300,000.
It will be focussing on the roll out of two new lifts and the launch of an online training platform aimed at improving efficiency and health and safety in the sector.
Mr Hall, who has worked in the sector for 15 years, said: "This is a very exciting time to be heading up the management buyout.
"In the short-term, we want to build on our reputation for delivering solutions so that it is about much more than just selling a specific set of lifts.
"Our plan is to grow 20 per cent over the next 18 months, with a specific focus on increasing market share with our new lifts and the successful introduction of our online training programme.
"There are also some really ambitious plans for the longer-term but we are keeping those close to our chest for now.
"I'm very pleased with the new senior management team and the wealth of experience we have at our disposal in James, Mike, Peter and the rest of our hugely committed staff.
"They all understand the TotalKare philosophy and we now have the opportunity to add to this by putting our ideas into action and our own stamp on things."
It was a long day for the children of the Hell for Leather troupe of céilí dancers from Kilrush, Co Clare.
They left west Clare at 5am, bound for Dublin, and were still dancing 12 hours later as the céilí mór outside the Custom House came to an end.
As the sun set over the Liffey, two rowing boats passed by, one bearing the Starry Plough flag, the other the flag of the Irish Volunteers.
Throughout the day the 40 children, ranging in age from seven to 19 and conspicuous in their county colours, were joined by thousands of spectators for one of the setpiece events of Cruinniú na Cásca. The series of arts events, organised by RTÉ, drew an estimated crowd of more than 500,000 people across the State on Monday.
Among the early arrivals was the casually dressed Taoiseach, Enda Kenny, who, wearing jeans and runners, did a twirl for the cameras with a few of the children before declaring on Twitter: “You could feel the pulse of Ireland. ”
1/2 Was at #Cruinniu earlier - thousands at all venues from all over the world - all free - you could feel the pulse of Ireland.... — Enda Kenny (@EndaKennyTD) April 17, 2017 2/2 ....we are a global people and not afraid to express ourselves any more.
This will catch on massively. #Criunniu #CreativeIreland — Enda Kenny (@EndaKennyTD) April 17, 2017
Hell for Leather leader John Fennell, who doubled as master of ceremonies, said his troupe had never performed outside Clare before. They were backed by the Dartry Céilí Band.
“The crowds didn't just come and watch,” said Mr Fennell. “They joined in and they were very gracious towards our dancers. It was a huge experience for a lot of our children. You cannot buy experience like that. One of our fellows was showing Enda the brush dance. If he fails in politics, he can always take up on dancing.”
Edward and Maria Ryan came from their home in the Dublin mountains especially to watch the céilí dancing. Ms Ryan declared it an “absolutely brilliant day. To see those young people dancing today would absolutely put the life into you.”
Liveline in 1917
The dancing was interrupted for an hour and a half by a special RTÉ Liveline programme, presented by Joe Duffy from the stage at Custom House Quay.
The programme was broadcast as if from 1917. The country was then preoccupied with much greater concerns than in the present day, following the tumult of the Easter Rising and the fact that thousands of Irishmen were still dying on the Western Front during the first World War.
The programme featured an item with Denis Ryan, who found a dreaded “death penny” given to the families of those killed in the war. It belonged to Felix E Patrone of the Royal Dublin Fusiliers, who tragically died after the war ended and was buried in France. Mr Ryan found the bronze medal in Walkinstown in the 1970s and spent years trying to trace Patrone's family without success.
Following an appeal on Liveline, the medal was reunited on Easter Monday with Patrone's granddaughter Geraldine Davis, who lives in England.
Thousands of children turned up in St Stephen's Green to bang the big communal drum or queue to get into the tents, particularly those devoted to storytelling and Lego. Some 4,200 people came through the gates of Swords Castle for a fun family day.
The Minister for Arts and Heritage, Heather Humphreys, said it was “truly a day when we came together to celebrate our creativity and the energy and diversity of Ireland today”.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa kicked off their Premier League 2 campaign in the best possible fashion as goals from Jordan Lyden, Keinan Davis and Jake Doyle-Hayes downed neighbours West Brom.
Villa's XI at Walsall's Banks's Stadium was particularly strong despite Rushian Hepburn-Murphy's omission and it was the perfect start for Kevin McDonald's side.
Here are Alex Dicken's numbers...
Matija Sarkic - 8
It's easy to see why goalkeeping coach Gary Walsh rates Sarkic so highly on nights like this. His penalty save to deny Alex Bradley at 2-1 was top class.
Sarkic also kept out Jonathan Leko and Callum Moreton with terrific saves in the first half.
Mitch Clark - 6
The full-back wasn't at his rampant best tonight but he was still largely dependable against flying Albion winger Kyle Edwards.
Clark conceded the penalty in the second half but will argue that the initial contact was outside the box.
Easah Suliman - 7
Suliman was commanding in the air and composed on the floor. He was up against a talented striker in Tyler Roberts but was largely untroubled.
Kevin Toner - 7
A solid showing from Toner on his return to Walsall's Banks's Stadium. Another loan move is likely for the 21-year-old but he will be grateful to get minutes under his belt in the meantime.
Oscar Borg - 6
Defended well against the lightning quick Jonathan Leko on the whole. A decent night's work for the left-back who now only has Neil Taylor in his way for a first team spot.
Callum O'Hare - 8
What more can be said about this young man? O'Hare wasn't at his best against West Brom but he still could have scored a hat-trick. His ability to go past players with a swift turn or neat trick sets him apart.
Deservedly took the acclaim of everyone inside the ground when he was taken off with around five minutes remaining of normal time.
Jake Doyle-Hayes - 8
Doyle-Hayes' passing was inch perfect tonight and he capped a fine performance with a marvellous goal at the death.
Jordan Lyden - 8*
Lyden continues to work his way back from a prolonged spell on the sidelines due to injury and will be delighted with his 90 minutes.
His penalty was superbly put away in the first half and he controlled proceedings in the second.
Corey Blackett-Taylor - 6
The winger won the penalty in the first half that set Villa on their way and was neat and tidy in possession.
Blackett-Taylor was taken off in the second half with an injury.
Harry McKirdy - 6
A typically busy and energetic performance from McKirdy. He displayed one real moment of class when he played through O'Hare with a lobbed pass, but he couldn't find the net.
McKirdy was another forced off through injury and was replaced by Jordan Cox.
Keinan Davis - 7
A solid showing from Davis, who continues to knock on the door of the first team. His header to give Villa the lead in the second period was superbly executed.
(WKRG) — A young boy sitting with Santa is going viral on social media for his silent message to his mom.
Kerry Spencer posted a photo of her little boy sitting with Santa on her twitter, @Swilua. She writes, “We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for ‘help.' You're welcome.”
The photo has received over 6,000 shares and liked more than 24,000.
We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for "help." You're welcome. pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 5, 2017
People tweeted back to Kerry saying her son was ‘mispronouncing' the word. Kerry responded back acknowledging his sign wasn't perfect, but it is the sign he makes when he needed help.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
By Nwafor Sunday
Governor Nyesome Wike of Rivers state has said that he will cut off the remaining APC'S in Rivers state should they, (APC) members, further stay in the state.
He said this in a viral online video clip, ‘Facebook'. According to him, the machete is meant for a purpose which is to clear all the unwanted members living in Rivers state and not for decoration.
While speaking further, he said “since PDP has given me a machete, I will not hesitate or look back in cutting the remaining APC'S in Rivers State.
Watch and comment bellow:
Culled from Gossip Mill Nigeria
0:26 Trump on cancelled meeting with Mexico's president Pause
2:29 Mexico President Peña Nieto rejects U.S. decision to build wall
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
1. Going out is not as cheap as you'd expect
London is apparently the most expensive city in the world so you could be forgiven for imagining Birmingham as a paradise where a round of drinks come to under a fiver. They don't.
2. But the rent is heavenly
When you have been used to spending two thirds of your salary on a single room in a dingy flat in an area that makes your mum concerned, the comparatively low rents in Brum is a big plus.
3. There are far too many roundabouts and everyone calls them "islands"
Enough said.
(Image: This is a real thing!!!)
4. The people are friendly
They talk to you in the street, say hello and ask how you are. As a Londoner, you naturally assume you're inching closer to your own murder whenever you engage in conversation with a stranger. But you get used to it. It's quite pleasant actually.
5. The countryside is close and stunning
Within minutes you are in the Black Country. It's like Olde England, with fields full of horses chomping grass.
(Image: Welcome to Dudley)
6. Birmingham areas have London equivalents
The Jewellery Quarter is Shoreditch. Edgbaston is Hampstead. Harborne is Clapham.
(Image: Jewellery Quarter or Shoreditch?)
7. You're near everywhere
It is right bang in the centre which means that suddenly pretty much anywhere is just a couple of hours away by train. You can visit Liverpool, go hiking in Wales for the weekend or even return to the Big Smoke if you're feeling homesick.
8. No drive in Birmingham is ever as quick as Google Maps promises
Double that journey time.
(Image: Jason Hawkes)
9. Citimapper does not exist in Birmingham
It is very upsetting.
10. But Uber does, thank goodness
11. Brummies are direct
They are not being rude, although it can occasionally feel that way.
12. The shopping is fantastic
The Bullring has every high street shop you'd ever want in three, sometime confusing, storeys. If you're splashing the cash, the Mailbox has designer shops and Harvey Nics.
13. Who knew? People from the Black Country are called Yam Yams
But be careful who you call a Yam Yam. Brummies really don't like it.
14. The library is gorgeous
It has a rooftop herb garden! You don't get that in the capital.
(Image: Graham Young)
15. Brummies are passionate about their area
Wherever they live is the best place in Birmingham. Moseley has a lot of fans.
Central Bank Board kept in dark about Special account for ExxonMobil bonus
– Audit Committee Chairman, Anand Goolsarran
Chartered Accountant and former Auditor General, Anand Goolsarran has clarified that during his time as a director at Central Bank, the issue of a special account being set up to receive a signing bonus from ExxonMobil was never brought to the board's attention.
His comments come on the heels of a Kaieteur News on Sunday, in which Chartered Accountant Chris Ram commented on the signing bonus scandal.
Ram had said that “… this web of deception has ensnared high level officers of the Ministry of Finance, the Geology and Mines Commission and the Bank of Guyana, including the Chairman of its Audit Committee, Mr. Anand Goolsarran”.
But Goolsarran stated that he resigned as a non-executive director in August 2017 and therefore had to relinquish the position on the Audit Committee. He emphasized that Ram is fully aware of this.
Goolsarran said, too, that media reports indicate that in September 2016, the Ministry of Finance requested the Governor of the Bank of Guyana to open a special foreign currency account into which a signing bonus from ExxonMobil is to be placed. He said that during his tenure as a director of the Bank, this matter was never brought to the attention of the Board, and therefore he could not have been aware of the request to set up such an account.
The former Auditor General explained that the Audit Committee's role is set out in a Charter that was approved by the Bank's board. He said that this essentially involves oversight of the work of the Internal Audit Department. In this regard, the Committee reviews the annual programme of the Audit Department and recommends its approval to the Board.
The Committee also meets quarterly to discuss audit reports issued during this period, and the discussions are documented in the form of minutes and submitted to the Board.
“If the matter involving the signing bonus was not brought to the attention of the Committee, there was no way I could have known of the transaction. Suffice it to state, it is not the role of the Committee to delve into the books of account of the Bank to find out about a transaction.”
“However, if a matter is brought to its attention regarding a transaction that appears to be irregular, the Committee is obliged to request officials of the Bank to provide the necessary details. Suffice it to state that no such matter was brought to the attention of the Committee.”
Goolsarran said that in his capacity as Chair of the Audit Committee, he sought to engage the Auditor General on several occasions since one of the terms of reference contained in the Committee's Charter is to facilitate an arrangement whereby the Committee acts as a “go-between” management and the External Auditor.
He said that the Auditor General is the External Auditor of the Bank of Guyana. However, for whatever reason, the Auditor General was not receptive to having such an engagement, and this was reported to the Board.
As a result, Goolsarran said that the Committee did not have the benefit of examining the Auditor General's audit plan to ensure that there is adequate audit coverage of the operations of the Bank, and to provide an input, as is the norm.
“Having regard to the above clarifications, it is my sincere hope that readers will not be misled in any way into believing that I was aware of the setting up of a special account at the Bank of Guyana to receive the proceeds of the signing bonus from ExxonMobil and that I was somehow in collusion with the Government to violate Article 2016 of the Constitution and the relevant sections of the Fiscal Management and Accountability Act.”
“I would be the last person to condone with any violation of the Constitution or our laws relating to the transparency and proper accountability of public resources.”
account at the Bank of Guyana to receive the proceeds of the signing bonus from ExxonMobil and that I was somehow in collusion with the Government to violate Article 2016 of the Constitution and the relevant sections of the Fiscal Management and Accountability Act.”
“I would be the last person to condone with any violation of the Constitution or our laws relating to the transparency and proper accountability of public resources.”
A life sentence has been handed down in San Luis Obispo Superior Court to a Grover Beach man convicted last month of stabbing his longtime roommate to death and setting the home they shared on fire in 2016.
Manuel Jesus Perez, 43, was convicted by a jury in February of murder and arson in the killing of Joseph Charles Kienly IV in July 2016. Following statements read in court by members of Kienly's family on Wednesday, Superior Court Judge Craig van Rooyen sentenced Perez to 85 years to life in prison.
Grover Beach police responded to the house shared by Kienly and Perez in the 100 block of North 13th Street for a reported fire and found Kienly's charred body inside the kitchen. After fleeing on foot, Perez was found by police in San Luis Obispo that same day and allegedly confessed to the killing, according to testimony.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Joseph Charles Kienly IV
During the week-long trial, Deputy District Attorney Michael Frye told jurors that Frye said Perez and Kienly's relationship soured as Perez grew paranoid and came to believe that Kienly was antagonizing him. Perez planned the killing, tying two steak knives together and purchasing lighter fluid at a nearby convenience store.
Defense attorney Steven Rice did not contest the arson charge but said Perez did not mean to kill Kienly, but rather foolishly brought the knife to confront Kienly about their roommate issues.
According to a Probation Department report, Perez admitted to being a habitual methamphetamine user.
As of Monday, Perez remained in custody at the San Luis Obispo County Jail awaiting transfer to the California Department of Corrections for placement.
Gombe State Government has earmarked N20 million to procure child-spacing kits in the state.
Malam Alhasan Yaya, Chairman, Gombe State Working Group on Child Spacing, a group of professionals in diverse field advocating for child-spacing in the state, disclosed this in Gombe on Monday.
Yaya said the money would be used to purchase essential kits for family planning and distribute to hospitals across the state.
He commended the government for creating a budget line for child spacing in 2018, adding that it was the first time in the history of the state.
Yaya said subscribing to child spacing would avert over 30 per cent death rate among women during and after birth.
He said the benefits of child spacing could not be overemphasised and appealed to men, who had become stumbling blocks to their wives, to embrace it.
He said some women were willing to do it, but lack of acceptance from their spouses hindered them.
”Child spacing makes a baby to have a healthier weight; baby can equally develop well because the mother will give a lot of attention to the baby.
“Subsequent babies will be healthier because mother had enough time to keep fit before getting pregnant again.”
He said the essential kits would be free of charge and as soon as they were available, they would reach the public through religious and traditional leaders.
“I am a Muslim faithful, and it is categorically stated that between one pregnancy and another, family should give a space for at least 18 months.
“We in Gombe are advocating for two years, and mother should at least breastfeed for six months exclusively,” he said. (NAN)
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - A South Florida community is on edge after residents said their pets were tricked into eating poisonous treats.
Several pet owners in the Fort Lauderdale community said their emotional support animals have been targeted.
Four dogs, according to their owners, became suspiciously ill. They said they got sick after eating poisoned treats that were left on the ground around the apartment complex.
Two dogs were sick Thursday after their owners said they ate the tainted dog treats in the area off Northeast 33rd Court in Fort Lauderdale.
The apartment complex does not permit dogs unless they are therapy or service animals. The dog owners suspect other residents are so upset with that ruling that they have taken matters into their own hands.
Fort Lauderdale Police are now investigating this case.
“I'm walking my dog, he yanks me and I see he goes to grab something, and he takes a little bite of it,” said one owner. “I'm like, ‘What the heck is this?' and I look down, and it looked like a chewed up dog biscuit. An hour and a half later, I go back in, and my dog is violently vomiting all over the house, like projectile. So I'm like, something's not right.”
That dog is feeling better as of Friday.
If you have any information on who is leaving these biscuits, call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $3,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
© Sergio Estrada-USA TODAY Sports Over the course of his nine years in the major leagues, Madison Bumgarner has grown accustomed to winning. Even as a 21-year-old in 2010, Bumgarner was pitching lights-out baseball during the postseason and that continued on through the Giants' three championship runs over the next five years. Yet, all good things must…
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails Pause
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
4:54 Bulked-up Felix Hernandez arrives at spring training, feels great
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
2:43 Haley on Russia: I don't think we can trust them
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
Hannah Teter plans to go big in her attempt to qualify for a fourth straight Winter Olympics.
The South Lake Tahoe halfpipe gold and silver medalist wants to set the tone early.
"I wanna come out swinging with some new stuff," Teter said in a phone interview with the Tribune. "I definitely have my work cut out for me. But the judges like my style."
Her style of "going bigger, tweaking grabs and holding them longer" led to gold in 2006 in Torino, Italy and silver in 2010 in Vancouver, Canada. She finished just off the podium (fourth) in 2014 in Sochi, Russia.
Earlier this week Teter was screaming down groomers on her snowboard and performing tricks on a trampoline at Colorado's Copper Mountain in preparation for the first of four qualifying events for the 2018 Olympic Games in PyeongChang, South Korea.
Competition started Thursday, Dec. 7, and runs through the weekend.
The second event is the following week, Dec. 15-16, at Breckenridge, Colorado. The third event is Jan. 10-13 at Snowmass, Colorado. And the fourth event moves west Jan. 17-20 to Mammoth Mountain. The Winter Games begin the following month (Feb. 9-25).
"I'm gearing up mentally, and I feel ready," Teter said.
Moving west to earn, create gold
Teter, 30, grew up in Vermont and left for the West Coast and Lake Tahoe "as fast as possible." That was 13 years ago.
"Have you been to the East Coast? It's cold and cloudy and not much snow," Teter laughed. "And Tahoe was always something on my goal list."
She owns a house in Meyers and, like fellow Olympians Jamie Anderson and Maddie Bowman, calls Sierra-at-Tahoe her home mountain; although she doesn't spend as much time there because she's busy chasing the super pipe all over the world, places like New Zealand, for two months out of every year.
But she still remembers being blown away her first time at Sierra.
"You can just drop in anywhere and there are pillow powder lines," said Teter. "Since I'm on the super pipe all the time, I love to ride powder whenever possible. And it's so beautiful there."
A couple years after Teter moved to Lake Tahoe, she was standing on top of the podium in Italy getting a gold medal draped around her neck.
Four years later in Vancouver, she was edged for gold. She earned silver by a sliver over longtime American teammate and fellow Vermonter Kelly Clark, 34, who is trying to reach her fifth straight Olympics.
Positive role model
Teter's success has helped pave the way in her efforts to be a positive role model on and off the slopes. She formed Hannah's Gold, a charity that raises funds for a number of projects in an impoverished Kenyan community. Teter teamed with a Vermont company to sell syrup and she donates sales and some of her contest winnings.
"We've almost equipped the whole town with clean water," she said.
Teter, a global ambassador for Special Olympics, also had her own ice cream flavor made by Ben & Jerry's: "Vermont's Finest: Maple Blondie." It's a maple ice cream with blonde brownie chunks and a maple caramel swirl that features her posing with a snowboard on the label. It was a limited edition that has been brought back several times.
"It's so addicting, and I'm not so much of a sugar fan as I am a salty fan," Teter said. "Being the first woman athlete from Vermont to get an ice cream named after me, yeah it was pretty cool."
Teter recently teamed with Bombas, a partner of Special Olympics, to produce a merino wool ski and snowboarding sock. She says they're all she wears.
"We're in our second year, we have a lot better design and we donate a pair every time we sell a pair," Teter said.
Going for history
Since halfpipe snowboarding became an Olympic event in 1998, no rider in five games has won twice. Clark has won gold and two bronze medals, Kaitlyn Farrington won gold in 2014 and two other non-Americans claimed the top prize in 1998 and 2010.
With experience under her belt, Teter will try to be the first with two gold medals in halfpipe.
She is in tune with her body and still feels like attacking the pipe and going bigger than anybody else.
"I'm still having so much fun," Teter said. "And judging on the stuff that I'm doing, age hasn't made it harder."
Teter didn't know during her interview exactly what she had to do to qualify for a spot on Team USA. She just wants to do well in each of the four qualifiers.
She's confident in ultimately qualifying for a spot. And in PyeongChang, she feels she can be highly-competitive.
"I know if I land the runs I'm doing, that I'm working on, and landing the 1080, I could be one or two," Teter said. "But that's the hard part, doing it all in one run."
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
PM Narendra Modi thanks people of Odisha for supporting BJP during Panchayat Poll
Bhubaneswar: Prime Minister Narendra Modi thanks people of Odisha for supporting BJP during Panchayat Poll. Prime Minister Modi says support for BJP is increasing in all over India.
It should be noted that the BJP winning 60 seats in the first phase polls, including wiping out of BJD in all nine Kalahandi zilla parishad zones.
Union minister for Petroleum and Natural gas Dharmendra Pradhan said that it is just a trailer of a bigger change to come. Pradhan said the people of Odisha are disappointed with the autocracy of BJD and have expressed their dissent by choosing BJP in many districts. He also said the demonetisation move of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made an impact on the polls.
For nearly four centuries, since the Peace of Westphalia in 1648 ended the Thirty Years' War in Europe, the concept of sovereignty — the right of countries to an independent existence and autonomy — has formed the core of the international order. And for good reason: as we have seen in century after century, including the current one, a world in which borders are forcibly violated is a world of instability and conflict.
But in a globalised world, a global operating system premised solely on respect for sovereignty — call it World Order 1.0 — has become increasingly inadequate. Little stays local anymore. Just about anyone and anything, from tourists, terrorists, and refugees to emails, diseases, dollars, and greenhouse gases, can reach almost anywhere. The result is that what goes on inside a country can no longer be the concern of that country alone. Today's realities call for an updated operating system — World Order 2.0 — based on “sovereign obligation,” the notion that sovereign states have not just rights but also obligations to others.
A new international order will also require an expanded set of norms and arrangements, beginning with an agreed-upon basis for statehood. Existing governments would agree to consider bids for statehood only in cases where there was a historical justification, a compelling rationale, and popular support, and where the proposed new entity is viable.
World Order 2.0 must also include prohibitions on carrying out or in any way supporting terrorism. More controversially, it must include strengthened norms proscribing the spread or use of weapons of mass destruction. As it stands, while the world tends to agree on constraining proliferation by limiting countries' access to the relevant technology and material, the consensus often breaks down once proliferation has occurred. This should become a topic of discussion at bilateral and multilateral meetings, not because it would lead to a formal agreement, but because it would focus attention on applying stringent sanctions or undertaking military action, which could then reduce the odds of proliferation.
Another essential element of a new international order is cooperation on climate change, which may be the quintessential manifestation of globalisation, because all countries are exposed to its effects, regardless of their contribution to it. The 2015 Paris climate agreement — in which governments agreed to limit their emissions and to provide resources to help poorer countries adapt — was a step in the right direction. Progress on this front must continue.
Cyberspace is the newest domain of international activity characterised by both cooperation and conflict. The goal in this area should be to create international arrangements that encourage benign uses of cyberspace and discourage malign uses. Governments would have to act consistently within this regime as part of their sovereign obligations — or face sanctions or retaliation.
Global health presents a different set of challenges. In a globalised world, an outbreak of infectious disease in one country could quickly evolve into a serious threat to health elsewhere, as has happened in recent years with SARS, Ebola, and Zika. Fortunately, the notion of sovereign obligation is already advanced in this sphere: countries are responsible for trying to detect infectious disease outbreaks, responding appropriately, and notifying others around the world. When it comes to refugees, there is no substitute for effective local action aimed at preventing situations that generate large refugee flows in the first place. In principle, this is an argument for humanitarian intervention in selective situations. But translating this principle into practice will remain difficult, given divergent political agendas and the high costs of effective intervention. Even without a consensus, however, there is a strong case for increasing funding for refugees, ensuring their humane treatment, and setting fair quotas for their resettlement.
Trade agreements are, by definition, pacts of reciprocal sovereign obligations regarding tariff and nontariff barriers. When a party believes that obligations are not being met, it has recourse to arbitration through the World Trade Organisation. But things are less clear when it comes to government subsidies or currency manipulation. The challenge, therefore, is to define appropriate sovereign obligations in these areas in future trade pacts, and to create mechanisms to hold governments accountable.
Establishing the concept of sovereign obligations as a pillar of the international order will take decades of consultations and negotiations — and even then, its acceptance and impact will be uneven. Progress will come only voluntarily, from countries themselves, rather than from any top-down edict. Realistically, it will be difficult to forge agreement on what specific sovereign obligations states have and how they should be enforced.
Complicating matters further, US President Donald Trump's administration has espoused an ‘America first' doctrine that is largely inconsistent with what is being suggested here. If this remains the US approach, progress toward building the sort of order that today's interconnected world demands will come about only if other major powers push it — or it will have to wait for Trump's successor. Such an approach, however, would be second best, and it would leave the United States and the rest of the world worse off.
Now is the time to begin the necessary conversations. Globalisation is here to stay. Moving toward a new international order that incorporates sovereign obligation is the best way to cope. World Order 2.0, predicated on sovereign obligation, is certainly an ambitious project — but one born of realism, not idealism.
— Project Syndicate
Richard N. Haass is President of the Council on Foreign Relations and the author of the new book, A World in Disarray: American Foreign Policy and the Crisis of the Old Order, from which this article is adapted.
The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when he drove his car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to be taken down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers say they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story doesn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it's published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and his site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Grenfell Tower blaze which ripped through a London block of flats may have been exacerbated by everyday household materials.
According to a leading doctor who treated victims at the scene, a hidden home danger lurks in many of our homes - and, worryingly, it could prove fatal in a fire.
Dr Malcolm Tunnicliff, clinical director for emergency and acute care at King's College Hospital, in south London, says the foam found in old sofas and other upholsteries emits extremely dangerous toxins when burned.
"We knew in advance that it was a fire in an enclosed space so we also knew there was a real risk of cyanide poisoning from foam in older furniture burning," Dr Tunnicliff told the Guardian .
"So we had lots of cyano kits – which contain the antidote to cyanide poisoning – ready and waiting to give people."
For decades, polyurethane foam has been used as as padding in sofas, couches, chairs, pillows, and mattresses, as well as for padding under carpets, the Mirror reports.
And older furniture - where the foam has not been treated with flame retardant chemicals - is referred to as "solid gasoline" by fire experts.
When untreated foam is ignited, it burns extremely fast, reaching temperatures over 760 degrees celsius within minutes.
But what makes it even more deadly is the toxic gas produced when it burns.
Untreated foam emits hydrogen cyanide gas, which causes reduced oxygen, and when combined with carbon monoxide, is deadly.
Just one breath of superheated toxic gas can completely incapacitate a person.
Residents had raised concerns about exposed gas pipes at Grenfell Tower weeks before the devastating blaze, it has emerged.
The Grenfell Leasehold Association asked for an "independent adjudicator" to examine the installation of the pipes but were refused by management company Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation (KCTMO).
Renovations to replace new gas risers at the 24-storey building, which bring in supplies from street level, were carried out earlier this year by National Grid Gas Distribution - rebranded as Cadent at the end of March.
In a statement on Wednesday, Cadent said pipes in the stairwells had been boxed in using fire-proof material that could withstand flames for two hours, but that work was still being done to box in pipes running along floors.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A spokeswoman for the company said: "All our gas work was carried out to regulatory standards."
The GLA repeatedly emailed the KCTMO in March over worries that one riser was installed in the single stairwell - the only emergency exit - and could have been vulnerable to vandalism.
Association representatives also raised concerns about health and safety issues around exposed pipes.
In a letter to representatives on March 28, Sacha Jevans, executive director of operations at KCTMO, said the organisation takes its health and safety responsibilities "very seriously".
She wrote: "We do not see that it is necessary to instruct or fund an 'independent adjudicator' at this time."
Ms Jevans also told them National Grid had found the stairwell was the only option for the riser pipe, and the fire safety consultant had "not raised any specific concerns with regards to its location providing it is located within a suitably fire-rated enclosure".
Meanwhile, local councillor Judith Blakeman, who sits on the board of KCTMO, had complained to the council's housing department in May that National Grid had been demanding entry to flats to connect them to the new riser without the management company knowing.
In response, Laura Johnson, director of housing at Kensington and Chelsea council, said KCTMO had told her National Grid had been "a law unto themselves, and despite repeated requests from the TMO to act in a more consultative and collaborative manner with the landlord this has not taken place".
She added: "As a pan-UK organisation (they) don't feel the need to be overly sensitive to local housing management difficulties or residents concerns."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of swingers attended a 'sex festival' in the Midlands this weekend.
The four-day Swingfields festival, which lasted from Thursday to Sunday, took place in the Malvern area of Worcestershire.
Three hundred people are camping out in a field opposite the Three Counties Showground.
One concerned local resident has spoken of his fear the area could become the "swinging capital of Europe".
“This event is not a sex festival," the Swingfields owner told the Worcester News , though.
He added: "It is a small private music festival for adult groups and we are proud of representing their desire for a unique event for them.
“However we aim to keep all residents happy and if invited back will pre-meet residents and police to ensure full support and amicable terms for all.”
The owner of a local lingerie and adult toys store, Tanya Williams, branded it a "nice, friendly weekend away."
Cynthia Palmer, the Mayor of Malvern, said: “I think we have to be open to all kinds of festivals but they have to be done with respect to the local community.
"In the future it would be good to discuss these things beforehand.
"We have to take into account people's concerns.”
One noise complaint was made and police received reports of a trespasser, the force claimed.
West Mercia Police said there were no further issues or complaints.
This story is about
Texas Rangers relief pitcher Keone Kela (50) is pictured during the Texas Rangers vs. Toronto Blue Jays major league baseball ALDS Game 3 at the Roger Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, on Sunday, October 9, 2016. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
The Rangers have recalled Kela from the minors and placed Sam Dyson on the disabled list with a hand contusion.
The move puts Kela in a high-leverage situation two weeks after he and several veterans clashed over their perception of his effort.
Dyson's run as the team's closer comes to an end, after expected, after a third blown save Sunday.
More to come on this developing story.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – The FBI says a suspicious letter sent to a building near the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport has tested negative for concerning chemicals.
Four people sought medical assistance as a precaution after coming into contact with the letter, which was sent to the airport's Federal Aviation Administration building. The building's employees oversee aircraft certification, security, regulatory compliance and other airport functions.
The suspicious letter was taken to the Minnesota Department of Health's Public Health Laboratory for testing. Officials say initial results came back negative for “biological agents of concern.”
FBI officials say they're continuing to investigate the incident, and they have no comment on the status of who might have sent the letter.
There also is no update on the four people who sought medical attention.
(WSVN) - If you are one of the many people who received a robo phone call offering up a free cruise, you may be able to get $900 out of it.
According to a class-action lawsuit, Resort Marketing Group made “pre-recorded telemarketing calls to landlines and cell phones offering free cruises with Carnival, Royal Caribbean, and Norwegian as promotions.” The lawsuit alleges that these calls violated the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.
The website for the lawsuit states that the defendants have denied any wrong-doing, and have instead reached a settlement.
As a result, many people who received one of the phone calls between July 2009 and March 2014 may be eligible for up to $300 in compensation. Also, if you received multiple calls, you could receive a maximum of $900.
To find out if you were on the receiving end of these calls, visit the website and enter your phone number. To file a claim, click here.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 13:45 Don Benton addresses 'fake news' and why the U.S. still (sort of) has a draft | Capitol Happy Hour Pause 9:28 Getting women involved in politics and how Rep. Cody scored free beer | Capitol Happy Hour 9:35 Rep. Stokesbary talks taxes and getting fired from his college mascot gig on Capitol Happy Hour 0:40 Time-lapse sequence of 1063 Block Office building under construction in Olympia 9:51 One of Olympia's best-dressed talks fashion, taxes and weed on this week's Capitol Happy Hour 9:00 ​Capitol Happy Hour: Spotting fake news — plus, what are totchos? 1:24 Gov. Jay Inslee signs distracted driving bill 9:56 Capitol Happy Hour: Paid family leave – plus the state Senate's weird traditions 0:53 Politicians in Olympia aren't negotiating a budget – but they are putting up posters 1:04 Why aren't lawmakers at the Capitol during special session? Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown briefs the press on the on-going investigation of the shooting at the GOP baseball practice early this morning in Alexandria, Va. . A witness recounts the scene where Majority Whip Leader Rep. Steve Scalise, congressional staff and members of the Capitol Police were shot. Ali Rizvi/McClatchy
Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown briefs the press on the on-going investigation of the shooting at the GOP baseball practice early this morning in Alexandria, Va. . A witness recounts the scene where Majority Whip Leader Rep. Steve Scalise, congressional staff and members of the Capitol Police were shot. Ali Rizvi/McClatchy
ONE of two men police say were caught with 48kg of marijuana in their car claimed he was an Uber driver who knew nothing of the items in the vehicle.
Van Hung Du, 55, claimed he was hired by Viet Dung Do, 33, to drive him from Sydney to Queensland.
Stanthorpe police, alerted to the vehicle, pulled over the pair on the New England Highway near Ballandean about 8pm on Tuesday.
Police claim a search of the car found 48kg of marijuana in bags, and the pair was taken to Toowoomba Police Station.
Police claim the marijuana had a street value of about $318,000.
Do do not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for mention in the same court on June 29.
Through duty solicitor Phil Stainton, Du applied for bail.
Mr Stainton submitted the Crown had an issue with just what knowledge his client had of what was in his vehicle.
His client instructed he had remained in the car when he arrived at a Cabramatta address for the other man, who placed items in the boot. His client instructed he had not met Do until the drive north.
Du had been in Australia for 28 years and was a permanent resident and had been a professional driver for 20 years in Sydney, Mr Stainton said.
Neither man was required to enter pleas to the charge of possessing dangerous drugs.
Magistrate Catherine Pirie said the court needed more information before further considering bail.
She remanded Du in custody until tomorrow while police looked into his claims of being an Uber driver and residency status.
WavEC Offshore Renewables' Pico wave device installed in the Azores has suffered a partial collapse and been disconnected from the grid.
The research institute said the 400kW oscillating water column installed in 1999 on the island of Pico was damaged on 17 April.
Related Stories “All the necessary measures were taken to contain potential risks, the plant was disconnected from the network and security measures were taken,” said WavEC director Ana Brito e Melo.
The pilot project originally developed by Portuguese utilities EDA and EDP was transferred to WavEC in 2007.
The submerged elements of the device installed in a gully had suffered wear and tear and in February 2016 WavEC announced plans to close the plant.
Image: Pico wave device (Marinet2)
Launch of new series of Britain's Got Talent
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bruno Mars will come to Birmingham to perform at the Barclaycard Arena this month.
The shows, which take place on April 24 and April 25, act as part of the artist's whopping 85-date world tour.
The 24K Magic World Tour follows the release of Mars' brand-new album, 24K Magic, which was released on November 18, 2016.
The 31-year-old kicked off the European leg of the tour in Antwerp, in Belgium, on March 28.
Mars became recognized as a solo artist after lending his vocals to the songs "Nothin' on You" by B.o.B, and "Billionaire" by Travie McCoy, which were international successes, and for which he co-wrote the hooks.
His debut studio album, Doo-Wops & Hooligans (2010), was anchored by the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart-topping singles Just the Way You Are and Grenade, as well as the number-five single The Lazy Song.
His second album, Unorthodox Jukebox, released in 2012, peaked at number one in the United States.
The album spawned the international singles Locked Out of Heaven, When I Was Your Man and Treasure.
So what can we expect when he comes to Brum?
What time will Bruno be on stage?
Performance times are usually confirmed closer to the show.
We'll post the times as soon as we can get them, so check back about a week before for updates.
What will the setlist be?
1. Finesse
2. 24K Magic
3. Treasure
4. Perm
5. Calling All My Lovelies
6. Chunky
7. That's What I Like
8. Straight Up & Down
9. Versace on the Floor
10. Marry You
11. Runaway Baby
12. When I Was Your Man
13. Grenade
14. Just the Way You Are
Encore:
15. Locked Out of Heaven
16. Uptown Funk (Mark Ronson cover)
How to get there
If travelling by rail to nearby train stations including Birmingham New Street, Moor Street, Snow Hill and Five Ways, you then have to walk for around 20 minutes to get to the arena, or just use Uber and get in a taxi.
Buses go past the arena all day and you can get details from Network West Midlands .
If you arrive at Birmingham Coach Station in Digbeth, you'll need to get a taxi from there to the venue.
If coming by car, use the postcode B1 2AA.
Where to park
The Barclaycard Arena has more than 2,000 on-site spaces across four pay-and-display car parks that are open all day every day.
Evening parking charges (5pm to midnight) are £2.30 for up to two hours, £6.50 event tariff valid until 5am the next day and £8 for up to 24 hours. Pre-booking is available on event days for groups of 10 people or more.
Other options nearby include Brindleyplace Canalside car park, managed by Q-Park. Charges are £1.90 for up to an hour, £3.80 for up to two hours, £5.70 for up to three hours, £7.60 for up to four hours, £9.50 for up to five hours, £10 for up to eight hours, £12 for up to nine hours, £14 for up to 12 hours and £16 for up to 24 hours. You can pre-book here too.
It's worth mentioning that the car parks nearest the Barclaycard Arena can be hit by long delays in getting home after the show.
The further from the arena you park, the more chance you have of avoiding delays. This might mean a small walk but that could be preferable to sitting in your car for hours.
There are two good options on Edward Street that start at 50p per hour. You can also park for a full day for £4 or £4.20.
The car park on Sheepcote Street will only set you back £2.70 for three hours of parking.
You could also park at the Tesco on Friston Avenue for free with a maximum stay of three hours.
We would advise using the train if convenient to avoid the issue of traffic altogether.
Where to eat
There are plenty of places inside the Barclaycard Arena to grab a bite to eat before the show, which is really handy if you're heading there straight from work and don't have time to go home and cook something first.
The outlets include Great British Fish and Chips (meal deals from £7.90), Classic Burger Kitchen (meal deals from £8.90), Theo's Street Food (meal deals for £8), and NEO Pizza (pizzas from £6.50).
You can also find drinks at the bars in the arena.
And for desserts, indulge your sweet tooth at Sugar Rush where you'll find sharing bags, ice creams and also drinks.
Food and drink can be taken to your seats.
Alternatively, grab something in nearby Brindleyplace such as a pizza from Zizzi.
How do I buy tickets?
Tickets - costing between £42.99 and £85.18 - are available via Ticket Factory here.
Teen charged gang assault after sneaker deal goes bad
COLONIE – A 19-year-old Green Island man is under arrest and charged with the felonies of gang assault and robbery following a dispute over a pair of sneakers.
According to police, on July 14 at around 10:20 p.m. there was a report of a white male being jumped by four or five other white males in the area of Doorstone Drive in Colonie.
Police found the 19-year-old victim with a stab wound to the lower back, a possibly broken nose, bruising to his eyes and forehead and several scrapes.
The victim told police he was jumped by Skyler West and four of his friends and that they hit him in the head with a gun “after a deal over sneakers went bad.”
The victim was transported to Albany Medical Center Hospital for treatment of non-life threatening injuries.
According to Colonie Police Sgt. George Thomaides, people advertise the sale of high-end sneakers of other merchandise, like cell phones, and sometimes the buyer will show up and either blatantly rip the seller off or become upset if the product or price is not what was agreed upon during electronic communications.
West was charged with the above mentioned crimes on Aug. 9 after he was arrested on the warrant.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Email
Google
WhatsApp
Related
Comment on this Story
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"It's getting hot in here, so take off all your clothes," sang Nelly.
But you may want to keep your clothes on if you're planning to strip off in your garden.
As the temperatures soar across the UK, many are wondering whether they can ditch the clothes in a bid to soak up the rays in the garden.
But doing so could spark trouble.
Surrey Police issued some clarification on taking the naturists' path in the garden.
The police's Facebook post read: “If you want to wander around your garden naked and you are overlooked by neighbours then you have to be careful – an Englishman's home is not quite his castle and your garden is not exempt from the law.
"In an ideal world, your relationship with your neighbours would be such that they would not object to you gardening in the buff and they would never dream of calling the police.
“In the real world, however, you would be well advised to take some simple precautions.”
The law says it is not an offence to be naked in public – but it can become an offence if being so causes distress or alarm to others.
The post continued: “No-one has the right to spy on you and if you find that your neighbour is leaning out of an upstairs window or standing on the top of a stepladder in order to see you then he or she may well be committing an offence.”
Police are advising those who do want an all-over tan to be 'discreet' about their sunbathing habits.
The Bristol Post asked Avon and Somerset Police and this is what they had to say.
"Under the Sexual Offences Act 2003, it is not an offence for a person to appear naked in public but it becomes an offence if it can be proved that the person stripped off with the intention to cause distress, alarm or outrage."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Got the kids on half-term holidays this week?
Trying to figure out the best way of making use of all the additional family time? We hear you!
Whether it's camping or picnics in the park, there are plenty of activities you can enjoy with little ones that cost next to nothing. Here are some ideas that we think they'll love – and some tips on how to really make the most of your half term.
Get close to nature
One really great way to engage with your kids for a couple of days is to go foraging and cooking in the wild.
Some things you can pick are perfectly safe - like apples, blackberries, certain plants and even some flowers. But for the main course you might want to bring along some supermarket staples!
Fire up this camping stove for a fantastic grill - just £8 (save £12) at Halfords. Mix up cooking things you've brought from home with bits you've sourced locally for a great combo. And don't forget to pack the Halfords Rainbow Plastic Plates which are just £3 (save £3) to dine out in style.
A long cycle ride
If you've got a couple of days then you could take everyone out for a long cycle ride, broken up by either nights in a hotel or camping. If you don't want to stay the night there are plenty of UK cycle routes – check Sustrans for those in your area – which you can drive to during the day. Check out Halfords' options for bike racks if you need to load your bikes onto a car – the Thule ProRide 59 1 is £85 (save £25), but also on buy one, get one half price - and don't forget, Halfords offers free fitting too.
If you have very little children then it's also worth considering an alternative way to transport them. Halfords has a range of bike seats for juniors as well as an amazing Double Buggy Bike Trailer for £110 (save £110, 50lbs weight limit per child, not for use with a child under 12 months old).
Little kids have an absolute blast being towed around, and you'll hear a lot of delighted giggles and yells when you're doing it. Make sure you also get bike helmets that fit securely for both you and your little ones. Halfords has a wide range to choose from and can help you to find the right fit.
And before heading off why not get a Free Bike Check from Halfords? You can either book online or just pop in to your local store for a 32-point check. Everything from the frame to the saddle and the wheels to the gears are given a thorough check by an in-store expert. Getting the check means you can relax, knowing your bike is in great shape for your trip.
Let the games begin
There are all sorts of major sporting events on this year, so why not hold some of your own competitions. You can then arrange lots of little events for your wannabe stars of tomorrow, from football and running to swimming and cycling.
If you're in need of a new bike for your young ones then consider the Apollo Gridlok kids mountain bike, which has been reduced by £31 and is now only £124. There is 20 per cent off a whole range of kids bikes too, so there's bound to be something that suits your little athletes.
If you were looking to get your little one on a bike this summer and they don't currently have one then take a look at the Halfords range. If the kids have bikes but you don't, perhaps it's time to take advantage of 20 per cent off a range of adult bikes – the Carrera Vengeance is now £264 (save £66).
Make exercise rewarding
If you've got older kids that can love nothing more than heading out on two wheels to explore with friends, then there are lots of options. Come up with a number of miles to cycle in a day, week or even month and get them a cycle computer from Halfords (starting at £8.50). You can fit it together then dispatch them on chores! For every mile you could reward them, either with extra pocket money or just their choice of movie to watch with you later.
If you have a suitable park nearby then you could arrange time trials. Who can go around the quickest?
You could even get them thinking by asking who can work out the shortest route from A to B. If you have a cycle computer then you can show who's right – winner gets bragging rights, or something more tangible.
Make sure you are Really Ready For Summer with Halfords. Visit www.halfords.com or go in-store for full details on all offers and services.
A robust bounce-back in Italian stocks helped lift European equities on Wednesday as investors recovered from the previous day's sharp sell-off and digested the possibility of a new Italian election as early as July. Italian bond yields also came off multi-year highs as hopes rose of a solution to the Italian crisis.
Oil prices rose, boosting energy stocks, while Wall Street also opened higher.
Dublin
The Iseq index closed little changed on a day dominated by investors' concerns about a possible financial crisis in Italy. AIB finished flat, but Bank of Ireland clawed back some of the previous session's losses, adding 1.1 per cent to €7.37.
Ryanair fell almost 2 per cent to €16.32 amid lingering threats of industrial action, while the airline also agreed an option with former Formula One driver Niki Lauda that could see it take full ownership of the Laudamotion leisure airline in four years.
Drinks group C&C was among the climbers, adding 2 per cent to €2.99, while Glenveagh Properties also had a strong day, closing up 1.6 per cent at €1.17.
Paper and packaging group Smurfit Kappa dropped 1.2 per cent to €35.44.
London
A rebound by oil stocks helped Britain's blue-chip index recover from a global sell-off prompted by a political crisis in Italy and fresh fears of a trade war between the US and China. The UK's Ftse 100 ended up 0.75 per cent after ending the previous session at its lowest level in nearly three weeks.
Oil majors BP and Royal Dutch Shell both rose more than 2 per cent as oil prices climbed to $76 a barrel.
Among smaller companies, Photo-Me International tumbled 26 per cent after the photobooth operator's market update disappointed investors.
Royal Bank of Scotland fell 1.4 per cent to €276.10 after its chief financial officer, Ewen Stevenson, unexpectedly resigned to take up another unspecified opportunity.
The London Stock Exchange confirmed that retail business Ocado will be promoted into the Ftse 100 after the close of trading on June 15th, while scandal-hit G4S will be demoted to the Ftse 250 index, alongside Mediclinic International.
Europe
The pan-European Stoxx 600 index ended the day up 0.3 per cent with trading mixed across Europe. Germany's Dax jumped 0.9 per cent, but the Cac 40 in France was down 0.2 per cent.
Italy's Ftse MIB index came back from the previous day's losses with a 2.1 per cent rise, but the market was still down 2.7 per cent so far this week and had given up all the gains made in 2018.
Italian banks rose 2.7 per cent following five straight days of losses. Big lenders Intesa Sanpaolo and Unicredit delivered the strongest boosts to Italian stocks, while Mediobanca and Finecobank led the index with 7.1 and 6.4 per cent gains. Spanish banks also recovered.
Bayer drove gains on the Dax, rising 3.9 per cent after winning US approval for its takeover of Monsanto. German automaker Daimler closed down 0.5 per cent at €62.87 on a day when it announced it was leading a $175 million funding round in Estonian Uber-rival Taxify.
Vivendi was the biggest faller, down nearly 4 per cent after its subsidiary Canal+ was left empty-handed in a crucial soccer broadcasting rights auction in France.
New York
Wall Street rose in early trading, with the recovery partly driven by news that Italy's two anti-establishment parties were renewing efforts to form a government, rather than force the country to the polls for the second time this year.
The S&P energy index jumped 2.7 per cent as oil prices rose, providing the biggest boost to the S&P 500, while tech stocks also rose.
Cloud-based business software maker Salesforce.com rose 2.3 per cent, and computer and printer maker HP added 3.5 per cent after raising full-year profit forecasts.
– Additional reporting: Bloomberg / Reuters
One month after Elvis Presley turned 21, a bartender tossed the future King of Rock ‘n' Roll out of a West Palm Beach saloon.
It was between his 2 and 5 p.m. shows at the defunct Palms Theatre, and Elvis needed a drink. He strolled into Dude Dodge's Marine Show Bar on Clematis Street and ordered a beer. But when he failed to produce an ID, the barkeep ordered him out. He didn't recognize the pelvis-shaking singer with the jet-black pompadour.
Presley, an avatar of cool on the cusp of breakout success, performed four shows on Feb. 20, 1956, three weeks after releasing his first single, the moody “Heartbreak Hotel.”
South Florida became among the first to witness the dawn of Elvis-mania.
Between 1956 and 1977, Elvis curled his lips and swayed his hips on the stages of six of South Florida's current and bygone venues: the Hollywood Sportatorium, the Palms Theatre, the Fontainebleau Miami Beach, the Olympia Theater, the West Palm Beach Auditorium and the Miami Beach Convention Center. This Aug. 19, two shows in Fort Lauderdale will celebrate the legacy of the King.
For the Presley-philes who recall swarming his South Florida concerts, time has not diminished the memories of one of the most commercially successful musicians in history, not even 40 years after his death on Aug. 16, 1977.
“He was such a beautiful man in person,” says Diane Cappillo, 73, of Miami Lakes, recalling the day in 1956 she stormed the Olympia Theater as a 12-year-old bobbysoxer. “I was bonkers. I was gone.”
The breakout year
The West Palm Beach bar incident is recounted in Bob Kealing's recent book, “Elvis Ignited: The Rise of an Icon in Florida,” published in February.
Presley was zig-zagged around Florida with his no-nonsense manager, Col. Tom Parker, a former Tampa dogcatcher. RCA Records had signed Presley to his first record deal in December, and the Florida concerts came a month after he recorded the material for his debut album.
After the barkeep ejected Presley, Col. Parker dragged him back to a nearby hotel. “Col. Parker treats him like a petulant child and orders him back to the hotel room, and Elvis kowtows to him like a wayward son to an overbearing father,” says Kealing, a former Orlando broadcast journalist and Elvis historian.
To Kealing, Presley was the “Johnny Appleseed” of the state, spreading rock ‘n' roll rebellion around Florida.
“1956 was [Presley's] most transformative year,” Kealing says. “Floridians were lucky to have this up-close and intimate view of him as he's becoming the biggest star in the country.”
South Floridians would catch another glimpse of Presley-mania that year when the singer returned for seven performances Aug. 3-4 at the Olympia Theater in Miami. The performance fell weeks before a Jacksonville judge warned Presley to keep his controversial hip-swinging in check onstage or face the possibility of jail. The Olympia dates were also a month before his infamous Sept. 9 appearance on “The Ed Sullivan Show,” whose host deemed Elvis the Pelvis too hot for family viewing and filmed him above the waist.
Leslie Ovalle / Sun Sentinel Chris MacDonald rehearses at the Markee Music studio for his upcoming Elvis tribute performance. Chris MacDonald rehearses at the Markee Music studio for his upcoming Elvis tribute performance. (Leslie Ovalle / Sun Sentinel)
“People thought Elvis played the Devil's music,” says Chris Macdonald, of Fort Lauderdale, who has performed in South Florida costumed as the King for a decade. “The more his hips moved, the bigger the frenzy. He was the first American idol, the prime time rebel rocker. He came at the perfect time. He had the perfect look. He sounded the perfect way.”
Arriving at the Olympia in an ecstatic daze on Aug. 4, Cappillo recalls pushing her way through hordes of screaming bobbysoxers all flanking a stage that carried a jaw-dropping spectacle. Presley, guitar in hand, was singing “Hound Dog” to an actual basset hound perched on a podium. Cappillo went to pieces.
“He's standing on stage singing to a hound dog, and all these girls are going crazy. I was in seventh heaven,” recalls Cappillo, who lived near Brickell at the time. “He was gyrating his hips onstage. For its time, it was something [to behold]. These days, what he did was pretty modest.”
After the concert, Cappillo visited her aunt and uncle's gift shop behind the Olympia Theater, where she was presented with her second-favorite memory of the night: Presley's autograph on a card, with a strip of dark fabric attached.
“Somehow, [my aunt and uncle] got a piece of his trousers,” Cappillo recalls with a laugh. “Someone must have been cutting them up, giving them to fans. In my heart it's real, and don't anyone ever tell me differently. I kick myself that I didn't go to the other concerts, but I still have that beautiful memory. I've got Elvis in his prime on my mind.”
The Chairman and the King
Presley's stint in the U.S. Army from 1958 to 1960 had left fans ravenous for a glimpse of their idol. Col. Parker cooked up a star-studded television special to be held at the Fontainebleau Miami Beach. On March 22, 1960, Presley rattled down the Florida East Coast tracks in a railcar frequently mobbed by shrieking fans and news outlets feverishly tracking his movements.
He was the first American idol, the prime time rebel rocker." — Chris Macdonald, Elvis tribute artist
Kealing says the ride to Miami became noteworthy for its zealous fans. Presley mostly kept hidden behind the railcar's drawn shades, despite thousands of teenagers clamoring for a peek. During a scheduled stop in Hollywood, some 5,000 teenagers, journalists, railroad workers and courthouse secretaries – along with police holding them at bay – descended on Presley's railcar. “Elvis, shorn of sideburns, but dazzling in black and silver togs, got a less enthusiastic greeting in Hollywood,” the Miami Herald wrote the next day, “where a barrage of eggs and tomatoes kept him inside his private car.”
The tomato-hurling, egg-chucking teenagers – Ronnie Sineone, John Delia and John Deleo – later apologized to Presley in Miami.
“The Hollywood mayor felt so bad about it, he sent an envoy to give Presley the key to the city,” Kealing says. “I have no idea why people threw that stuff. Maybe the kids were jealous that their girlfriends were screaming for another guy. There's a funny story of a girl who pretended to be an elevator operator at the Fontainebleau just to sneak into Elvis' room. He kept the door closed the whole time.”
In newsreel footage housed at Miami Dade College's Wolfson Image Archives, rabid fans and reporters are shown swarming the arrival of his railcar in Miami. But the railcar was a ruse: Somewhere south of Hollywood, Presley had slipped into a car and quietly retreated to his eight-room Fontainebleau suite.
Elvis Presley would have been 80 today. A look back at the King of Rock 'n' Roll.
On March 26, Presley appeared onstage at the Fontainebleau for the taping of “The Frank Sinatra Timex Show: Welcome Home Elvis,” a homecoming special on ABC pairing Presley with other ‘50s heavyweights: Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis, Jr., Joey Bishop and Peter Lawford.
U.S. Navy photo by John Narewski (RELEASED) (NEW LONDON, Conn.) — A Russian spy ship is now 30 miles south of New London, Connecticut, where a U.S. Navy submarine base is located.
The Viktor Leonov, a Russian intelligence gathering ship, had been making its way north along the East Coast of the United States. On Monday, the vessel was 70 miles off the coast of Delaware.
U.S. officials have said that the spy ship was likely headed to a location near Connecticut in international waters where it could be close to the submarine base in New London. U.S. territorial waters extend 12 miles from shore to the vessel.
According to a U.S. official, the Leonov is currently “loitering” about 30 miles south of New London.
The Leonov is equipped with communications and signal intelligence gathering equipment.
In recent years, Russian spy ships have been spotted operating near King's Bay, Georgia, the Navy's other submarine base along the East Coast.
The Leonov was in the mid-Atlantic about a month ago, apparently headed to the Caribbean.
In early February, the ship made a port of call in Kingston, Jamaica, before taking a path that took it north to the United States.
If the ship follows past Russian practice, it will head back to Cuba after completing its mission in the Northeast.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
After the parade festivities conclude, it's off to the Nevada County Fairgrounds for fun and fireworks. Whittlesey says the grounds open at 3pm, and there will be lots of entertainment…
Listen to Cathy Whittlesey 1
The fireworks begin at 9:30, and there will be a lot of people who will skip the admission charge and watch from other places around the county. There is a problem when it's over, though…
Listen to Cathy Whittlesey 2
The fireworks should be done by 10pm.
–gf
LONDON (AP) — London fire commissioner says dogs will be used to search rubble of apartment fire.
North Carolina Republicans Launch 11th Hour Attack on Durham-Chapel Hill Light Rail
A budget bill heading for a vote in the North Carolina statehouse this week could sabotage a light rail project for the Research Triangle region that's on the verge of construction.
About $148 million has already been spent on planning and engineering for the 18-mile light rail route connecting the fast-growing job hubs of Durham and Chapel Hill. Local voters in Durham and Orange counties voted in 2011 and 2012 to raise sales taxes by half a percent to pay for the $2.5 billion project.
Go Triangle, the regional transit agency, was planning to apply for $1.2 billion in federal support next year. Construction would then begin in 2020.
But inside the budget bill from the state's Republican supermajority is a passage that would make “a light rail project” ineligible for state funding unless all federal and local funding has been secured.
That creates an impossible Catch-22, because the Durham-Chapel Hill light rail project can't access federal funds unless state and local contributions have been secured. The state had previously pledged to contribute 10 percent, or $247 million.
Governor Roy Cooper, a Democrat, could veto the budget, but a unified Republican vote in the legislature would override him.
Democrats from Orange and Durham counties point out that the measure would harm some of the state's largest economic centers. Three of the state's 10 biggest employers are located along the route.
“It's the spiteful mentality,” Penny Rich, vice chair of the Orange County Commission, told the Herald Sun.
Republicans in the statehouse have tried to scrap the project before. Originally, the state was expected to chip in about a quarter of the funding. An earlier GOP attempt to kill would have limited state funding for the project to $500,000, and that was later revised to cover 10 percent of project costs.
The passage in question cannot be removed from the budget bill. An up or down vote is expected this week.
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue her Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Related: Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to her social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on. “We'll get through this together. See you Wednesday,” she wrote adding the hashtag #VegasStrong.
Spears will be performing her Britney: Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December.
Jagapathi Babu
Yes, we are talking about popular Telugu actor Jagapathi Babu, who entered Mollywood in style with the movie Pulimurugan. The actor, who essayed a character named Daddy Girija in Pulimurugan, emerged as a quite popular figure among the Malayalam film audiences. Later, he went on to play an important role in Pranav Mohanlal's debut movie Aadhi as well.
Jagapathi Babu In Mammootty's Upcoming Movie?
Yathra is an upcoming film of Mammootty, which marks the return of the actor to Tollywood after a gap of close to two decades. Mammootty plays the lead role in this film, which is the biopic of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy and according to the latest reports Jagapathi Babu is also a part of this movie.
Jagapathi Babu's Role In The Movie
Jagapathi Babu is a much popular face of the Telugu film industry. According to the reports that have surfaced, the popular actor has been roped in to play the role of YS Raja Reddy, the father of YS Rajasekhara Reddy. An official confirmation regarding the same is awaited.
The Shoot Of Yathra
Meanwhile, the shoot of Yathra is currently progressing in Hyderabad. The filming had commenced in the month of June itself. The much awaited film is being directed by young film-maker Mahi Raghav. Further details regarding the cast of the movie are being awaited.
Two protected buildings which will comprise the 1,600sq m space for JD Wetherspoon's new gastropub in Dublin city centre will be connected by a glazed link at ground and first floor levels, a court has heard.
The company won a bidding battle with Irish Life for the 150-year-old former Trustee Savings Bank building at 12B and the former 1839 Baptist Chapel at 12C Lower Abbey Street. Irish Life owns a neighbouring development.
Judge Terence O'Sullivan, in the Circuit Licensing Court, has granted Wetherspoon's a declaratory order that will guarantee the company a full drinks license and restaurant providing the development is completed in accordance with planning permissions.
Constance Cassidy SC, counsel for Wetherspoon's, said the company owned six other gastropubs around Dublin, Dún Laoghaire and Cork. It also has pubs in Northern Ireland.
Ms Cassidy said part of the conditions laid down in the permission was that there would be no music or any other sound for entertainment amplified in or outside the premises. But this had never been a problem for Wetherspoon's as the company did not engage in late-night entertainment or in-house music.
Architect Frank Kenny told the judge that the proposed pub-restaurant was in accordance with the provisions of the Dublin City Development Plan 2016-2022. He said it was a fitting use for change of purpose and the conservation of protected buildings.
Constance Cassidy SC said part of the conditions laid down in the permission was there would be no music or sound for entertainment amplified in or outside the premises. Photograph: Google Street View
The judge said the development, just opposite the Abbey Theatre, would be an attractive addition to the area. It is expected to be completed by Christmas and will also have an outdoor beer garden and roof terrace with a retractable roof.
The court heard Wetherspoon's had employed a conservation architect to manage, monitor and implement so as to ensure adequate protection of retained and historic fabric of the buildings during the works. This includes plasterwork, cornices, ceiling mouldings, staircases, balusters, handrails and skirting boards.
The judge granted Wetherspoon's a declaratory order assuring the company of a drinks licence on completion to permitted plans.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One in ten young British motorists say they would consider having sex while commuting in a driverless car, according to a new survey.
But a quarter say they would get more work done, while a similar number would catch up on sleep.
The findings were revealed after a poll of 2,000 people who currently drive to and from work.
The survey, commissioned by the WeBuyAnyCar company, was carried out following the news that driverless cars will be tested on real roads in Birmingham and Coventry within two years - and could be on the market shortly after that.
(Image: Rui Vieira/PA Wire)
Experts have estimated that commuters switching to driverless vehicles would find themselves with an extra 220 hours a year to occupy themselves.
On the question of having sex there was a clear age and gender gap - with 13 per cent of men saying they would consider it compared to just seven per cent of women. Under 35s were twice as likely to say yes compared to older drivers.
Richard Evans, the head of technical services for WBAC said: “We knew that fully autonomous cars would provide motorists with free time during their commute, so we conducted this survey to see how they would use it. We were surprised by the number of respondents who said that they would have sex during a commute in a driverless car.”
Key findings were:
27% would get more work done, including reading and writing emails
25% would shop online
34% would browse their social media feeds
24% would watch TV
27% would listen to podcasts
16% would like to play video games
16% would learn a new language
10% would take up a new hobby such as painting, knitting or playing a musical instrument.
10% would have sex.
Mr Evans added “The results from our survey show that commuters already see driverless cars as an extension of their living space. Fully autonomous cars will soon become the new way to market to consumers, especially millennials, as there is already demand for online shopping, access to social media, and entertainment services within driverless vehicles.
“Commuters have a clear demand for digital entertainment services within driverless vehicles. As well as being able to log in to your own streaming or online gaming accounts, there may
be an opportunity for entertainment providers to include pay-per- view and pay-per- play services in driverless cars so that commuters can access entertainment on demand during their journey.”
Lexi Thompson's pain may prove to be the rest of golf's gain.
David Rickman, the R&A's executive director of governance, acknowledged on Golf Channel's "Morning Drive" Monday that the new protocols that will eliminate the use of TV viewer call-ins and emails to apply penalties was hastened by the controversy following Thompson's four-shot penalty at the ANA Inspiration in early April. The new protocols also set up rules officials to monitor TV broadcasts beginning next year.
“Clearly, that case has been something of a focus point for us,” Rickman said.
Thompson reacted to the new protocols in an Instagram post.
“I applaud the USGA and the R&A for their willingness to revise the Rules of Golf to address certain unfortunate situations that have arisen several times in the game of golf,” Thompson wrote. “In my case, I am thankful no one else will have to deal with an outcome such as mine in the future.”
Thompson was penalized two shots for improperly returning her ball to its mark on a green during Saturday's round after a viewer emailed LPGA officials during Sunday's broadcast. She was penalized two more shots for signing an incorrect scorecard for her Saturday round. Thompson ultimately lost in a playoff to So Yeon Ryu.
The new protocols will also eliminate the additional two-shot penalty a player receives for failing to include a penalty when a player was unaware of the penalty.
Shortly after the ANA Inspiration, the USGA and R&A led the formation of a video review working group, which included the PGA Tour, LPGA, European Tour, Ladies European Tour and PGA of America.
Also, just three weeks after Thompson was hit with the four-shot penalty, the USGA and R&A released a new Rules of Golf decision decision (34-3/10) limiting video evidence in two ways:
1. If an infraction can't be seen with the naked eye, there's no penalty, even if video shows otherwise.
2. If a tournament committee determines that a player does “all that can be reasonably expected to make an accurate estimation or measurement” in determining a line or position to play from or to spot a ball, then there will be no penalty even if video replay later shows that to be wrong.
While the USGA and R&A said the new decision wasn't based on Thompson's ANA incident, LPGA players immediately began calling it the “Lexi Rule.”
Meek Mill hops straight off the helicopter from prison, to a fresh shower and hair cut at the Sixers game to an overwhelming standing ovation in his home city!
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Greetings Guest!
CheersandGears.com was founded in 2001 and is one of the oldest continuously operating automotive forums out there. Come see why we have users who visit nearly every day for the past 16+ years. Signup is fast and free, or you can opt for a premium subscription to view the site ad-free.
Samuel Awoyinfa, Abeokuta The Ogun State chapter of the Nigerian Institute of Quantity Surveyors has said that the state government has not involved any of its members as consultants in any of the infrastructural development projects going on across the state. The state Chairman, NIQS, Biodun Awolesi, said this in an exclusive interview with our […]
The post Quantity surveyors complain about lack of patronage appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We know that Joanne Clifton is a brilliant dancer – she's the current Strictly Come Dancing champion with Ore Oduba.
But the big question is, can she also sing and act well enough to carry a musical in the leading role?
The answer, fortunately, is yes.
She has a sweet voice and while her acting is rather over the top, this is a melodrama which calls for that.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
Michelle Collins, for example, is even more hammy in the rather odd role of Mrs Meers, a convict pretending for some strange reason to be Chinese.
The one thing I'd say to Jo is that she needs to slow her words down and articulate a little better, as we can't always tell what she's saying or singing.
She plays Millie Dillmount, who arrives in New York in 1922 ready to be a ‘modern' with a short dress and short bobbed hair.
(Photo: DBELL)
She makes it her mission to find a rich man to marry, one of several rather dubious aspects to the plot. The main one being that behind this fluffy, fun caper is a white slavery operation.
But we have to suspend our disbelief and just go with the flow, enjoying the sequinned frocks, tap dancing lift and slick group choreography.
Millie has her sights set on her boss Trevor Graydon, played by Graham MacDuff who puts in a fantastically funny performance as a drunk.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
Mention too must go to Sam Barrett as Jimmy Smith, Katherine Glover as Dorothy and Jenny Fitzpatrick as Muzzy.
Thoroughly Modern Millie is a thoroughly fun show which continues until Saturday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Your thoughts on this run?
“It's been a tough few weeks there's no disputing that.
“The last two games in particular.
“It seems a carbon copy, we start the game brightly, create chances, make a mistake and the roof caves in.
“It makes it a tough evening.
“It's one of those real tough periods at the moment.
“It's been a tough six weeks but we have to be determined enough to see it through.
“That's our aim now."
Thoughts on the penalty?
“If it is a penalty it's very harsh. I've watched it five times.
“I'm not going to make that as an excuse but it was harsh.
“One mistake, like we did on Saturday, then we make it hard.
“The third goal, some of the defending was calamitous, mistake after mistake. That's crept into us over the last five weeks or so.
“Every mistake we make is being punished. It was pretty evident again tonight.
“Just when we get in to 2-1, within six or seven minutes it goes to 3-1. It's very difficult from there.”
Is it a mental problem now?
“The reason why we've got one of the biggest wage bills in the division is to deal with his mentality and expectation.
“That's why they get paid more than anyone else in this division to handle the expectation.
“I have to say the crowd have been nothing short of magnificent in the last two games when it has been difficult for them, too. It's hard to watch some of the stuff that we've been doing where we're making mistake after mistake.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Villa fans react to fourth straight defeat Share this video Watch Next
Is it fair to say the team is struggling for an identity?
“Yes, that's fair to say.
“We seemed to have found it a few weeks ago.
“We changed a few things. Maybe there was too much change, at the wrong time.
“I thought we needed it.
“With that it's my responsibility.
“It's very difficult now to make change. You need time to work with it.
“It was easy persuading them to come, now they realise how difficult it is.
“But I'm convinced they are made of the right stuff and I think they will get better. It's up to me to make them better and help them."
What's happened to Jack Grealish?
“I'm never going to criticise individuals, that's not me.
“It's a team and the team didn't function well enough.
“It would be unfair of me to criticise any individual. As a team and a manager, then we simply haven't been good enough over the last five weeks.
“That's for all of them.
Are you looking over your shoulder at the relegation zone now?
“I've been accused of not caring, my body language is supposed to be c***.
“It's the best club and biggest club I've had for 20 years but it's arguably the toughest to turn around.
“Given time I know for a fact I'll get it right,
“It's difficult at the minute. We're up against it.
“Now we have to roll our sleeves up and try to ride the storm, because there will be.
“Every man and his dog will have their say but I'm determined.
“I know what's required in this division, I've been around it long enough.
“We're short of it at the moment, I know what is required in the Championship.
“We've seen it tonight.”
Is it time to go back to basics?
“We've got the big name and the stadium and the big crowd and all the rest of it.
“For the best part of two months we mounted a challenge and were just short of the play-offs.
“Then change happened.
“For the sake of the club I thought it was the right thing to do.
“I know for the sake of the club it will make us better.
“We've got two full-backs waiting in the wings who will make us better.
“They will bring competition for Hutton and Amavi.
“There's been big change for far too long.
“You need to stick your chest out and see it through.
“It's tough for me to come in and do the television and tough but that's what it is.
“Now we show our balls."
Are the players letting you down?
“That's for you to write.
“I feel for them at the minute because they're bright to start with.
“But collectively and individually, when it's up against it, then they have to do the basics better.
“We make too many mistakes and get caught up in it.
“Then the mentality kicks in.
“But throughout it the crowd have been terrific,
“The crowd have been great. Of course there's disappointed people but they've been magnificent."
Goals a major problem?
“There's a lack of goals but we can't keep a clean sheet either.
“It's why we're where we are.
“We have to give ourselves a base and do the basics well.
“That's what the Championship is.
“They've had five attempts at goal and scored three. We've had almost 30."
How big of a shock has this come?
“I was under no illusion how difficult it was even though we had a difficult start.
“It still is.
“Hopefully we'll be given time to turn it around. We've only been here for four months.
“It's been tough. I will try to see it through."
Are you already in a relegation battle?
“I haven't seen the table tonight, I just go by results and I don't fear that.
“But you can't dismiss it."
HILLSBORO, Ore. (AP) – Police say a 28-year-old woman was arrested after pointing a gun at another motorist in a road-rage incident west of Portland.
The Washington County Sheriff's Office says deputies who stopped the driver Saturday night northwest of Forest Grove found an unloaded handgun in the vehicle. Christina Salazar of Vallejo, California, faces charges of menacing and unlawful possession of firearms.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
‘Bacuna Matata' joked the Aston Villa fans in a nod to the Disney song Hakuna Matata when he arrived, but sadly Leandro was never a Lion King for the Lions.
The Holte End had high hopes for Bacuna, as they did for a flurry of continental captures in the summer of 2013 as Villa went continental with their recruitment.
In fairness to the 25-year-old utility player he has posssessed better staying power than the other overseas signings who arrived four years ago.
While Antonio Luna, Nicklas Helenius, Aleksandar Tonev and Jores Okore departed rapidly, Bacuna has hung around much longer.
Some Villa fans might argue that he has overstayed his welcome, certainly the ones who cheered his substitution in last weekend's 1-1 Championship draw with Hull City.
In many ways, that Championship opener at Villa Park summed up Bacuna's claret and blue career.
He played poorly and it's fair to say he was played out of position against the Tigers - but that has been the perennial problem: just what is his position?
During his time at Villa, he has been played at right-back, left-back and in various midfield roles, including winger and No.10.
Chuck him some gloves and he'd probably go in goal if asked.
Bac of all trades, master of none.
Snapped up for what Paul Lambert eventually explained was around £750,000, the Villa Park faithful never took him to their hearts.
They thought they might when he curled in an exquisite free-kick in thrilling 3-2 win against Manchester City a couple of months after he arrived, but that was his Villa highlight and such a moment was never repeated.
He dyed his hair claret and blue ahead of the derby against fierce rivals Birmingham City last season and was filmed singing Villa chants on a Saturday night drive through Brum, which brought him some salvation, but he was unable to shake off the stigma of his role in the 2015-16 relegation season.
Bacuna produced some poor performances that season - to be fair he was in good (or rather bad company) - and he compounded it when an ill-timed interview he gave overseas about wanting to play in the Champions League coincided with Villa heading for the Championship.
A photograph also upset the masses in B6. Bacuna was snapped at the same time the supporters' patience snapped. In one picture he appeared to be smiling after the 6-0 home humiliation by Liverpool. He joined Joleon Lescott as a target of angry You're Not Fit To Wear The Shirt taunts by fans.
While never nailing down a regular role, his versatility endeared him to a succession of managers, much more than supporters, with Lambert, Tim Sherwood, Remi Garde, Roberto Di Matteo and Steve Bruce all giving him game time.
Now after successive windows of recruitment, Bruce's squad is (hopefully) equipped with alternative, specialist options in each position to avoid the need for a utility man.
Reading will be getting a player who is adaptable and uncomplaining wherever he is asked to play and one who is energetic and largely injury-free.
As for Villa, in Bacuna Matata, they will be losing someone who was never the mane man and lacked the passion to ever become a Lion King in claret and blue.
Listen to our latest Alliv Notsa podcast
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Our spy has been going out and about for many years, reviewing restaurants, pubs and cafes around Derbyshire.
As many of you like to stay in but eat restaurant-quality food, Secret Service decided to see if takeaway food from this chip shop in the Derbyshire village of Heage - which boasts an adjoining pub - was up to scratch.
What is it?
The Chippy, in Heage, reopened a few months ago under new management. As well as chips, this takeaway also serves kebabs, burgers and fried chicken. They have a good value kids' menu and there is an adjoining pub, The Windmill, where you can enjoy a pint while you wait for your food. The pub can be accessed via a door inside the chip shop.
Where is it?
211 Park Road, Heage DE56 2AB.
Do they deliver?
No. You can order on the phone and collect, though.
How did you place your order and how long did it take?
Secret Service placed the order over the phone. The person answering was very helpful and told me that my food would take around 20 minutes to cook. The Chippy can be contacted on 01773 850404.
What did you order?
Chips, of course! But my companion fancied one of their kebabs, which have been highly recommended on The Chippy's Facebook page. We were quite hungry and so we ordered a large chips, mixed kebab on a naan bread, two large cartons of mushy peas and a couple of bottles of Coca-Cola (diet...well, it's not long until the summer holidays and Secret Service has over indulged a tad over Christmas).
How good was the food?
The kebab got top marks - it was huge! But also a bit pricey at £6.30. Mixed lamb and chicken meat was served on a soft naan and drizzled with garlic mayo and hot chilli sauce. It was also served with salad - shredded lettuce, chopped tomato and diced red onion.
Secret Service thought that the chips were OK. You certainly get a lot for your £2.90 - there was enough for your spy, my companion and two little spies who suddenly decided that they were hungry, too.
They were probably a bit over-cooked but the mushy peas were delicious. They were a good colour, sweet and the perfect consistency.
Was it hot?
Secret Service had to whizz the chips around in the microwave for a minute to warm them through but the rest of the food was fine.
How much did it cost? Mixed kebab on a naan: £6.30 Large chips: £2.90 2 x large mushy peas: £2 2 x 500ml diet Coca-Cola: £2.90 TOTAL: £14.10
Would you go again?
Yes - I overheard someone in the chip shop saying how tasty the potato fritters are maybe we'll try those next time.
What are the opening hours?
The Chippy in Heage is open Monday to Thursday from 3.30pm until 9.30pm. They open for lunch from midday until 2pm on Friday and Saturday and then re-open on those days from 4pm until 10pm.
*The Derby Telegraph makes undercover visits to restaurants, takeaways and cafes with a view to providing a fair, balanced and accurate report on customer service and the food on offer. Our hope is that, for the sake of both the business owner and the customer, we can report positively about the places we visit. However if our experience is not 100 per cent positive then we are duty-bound to report on exactly what we find.
A local London council has admitted receiving complaints over the refurbishment of the west London tower block, which was ravaged by fire in the early hours of Wednesday after an action group said its warnings fell on “deaf ears” when it highlighted safety concerns.
The cause of the huge blaze, which killed at least 12 people at Grenfell Tower in north Kensington, which is owned by the council of Kensington and Chelsea, is not yet known. But residents had been concerned about safety, and Grenfell Action Group said in a blog post in November that “only a catastrophic event” would expose the issues.
The group said there was only one entry and exit to the tower during improvement works at the block in Latimer Road and it had issues with evacuation procedures. After the fire tore through the 24-storey building on Wednesday, the group posted: “All our warnings fell on deaf ears and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time.”
Flames and smoke billow as firefighters deal with the fire. Photograph: Toby Melville/Reuters
The group claimed access to the building was “severely restricted” for emergency services and other vehicles and that residents were advised to stay in their flats in case of fire.
Council received complaints
Asked whether the council had received complaints and was acting on them, the leader of Kensington and Chelsea Borough, Nick Paget-Brown, said: “I think that's going to have to be looked at in even more detail during the investigation behind this.
“But it is perfectly true that Grenfell Tower underwent a major refurbishment programme starting about 2½ years ago to improve the hot-water system, to improve the heating, to improve insulation, put in new windows, new external cladding, to improve the quality of life for people who were living there.
“Now clearly when you do that, there are difficulties, problems, complaints, logistics to resolve and it is undoubtedly the case that the council received some complaints about the way the work was being conducted.
The tower block was refurbished at a cost of £8.7 million, with work completed in May last year. The exterior of the 1970s-built tower was modernised with cladding and replacement windows, while additional homes were added using vacant space in the building.
On its website, Rydon Construction said: “Externally, rain screen cladding, curtain wall facade and replacement windows were fitted, improving thermal insulation and modernising the exterior of the building.”
A firefighter investigates after a fire engulfed the 24-storey Grenfell Tower in west London. Photograph: Rick Findler/PA Wire
But a resident of the 17th floor of the block, identified as Methrob, told LBC Radio the “real issue was when it caught fire to the cladding outside”. He added: “That's when I noticed the fire from outside when I looked out the window. By the time that we got downstairs, the fire had gone all the way up and it was just about reaching our windows on the 17th floor.
“The whole one side of the building was on fire. The cladding went up like a matchstick.”
Methrob said residents had been concerned about safety, adding there had been warnings “for over a year”. He said one man was “trying to get everyone to get together to do something before it was too late”.
Labour MP Jim Fitzpatrick – chairman of the all-party Parliamentary Fire Safety and Rescue Group – said the government has resisted calls to install sprinkler systems in high-rise blocks in the wake of the Lakanal House tragedy in Camberwell in 2009 in which six people died.
Police forensics carry a stretcher with a body bag out of Grenfell Tower. Photograph: Leon Neal/Getty Images
Mr Fitzpatrick, who was a firefighter for 20 years, told LBC: “We've been pressing for fire sprinkler systems in buildings where we think it's appropriate – certainly over a height level and in places where there is vulnerability: care homes and in schools – and government has been resisting that for some time.”
PA
By Rich Arleo
CBS Local Sports, in our 30 Players 30 Days spring training feature, profiles one young player from each Major League Baseball team leading up to opening day.
American League: East | Central | West
National League: East | Central | West
The Houston Astros ran away with the American League West in 2017 and then went on to cap it all off with an incredible World Series win. Houston developed a young core amid some trying seasons, and it all came to fruition last year. The ‘Stros are built for now and for the future, and they should have no problem winning the division once again this year. Despite the clear gap, the Anaheim Angels made the move of the off-season signing Shohei Ohtani from Japan, the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers won't go quietly, and the Oakland Athletics have major prospects nearing their debuts. Here's a look at one young player from each team who can break out in '18.
Derek Fisher, Outfielder, Houston Astros
The defending World Series Champion Astros are loaded, and with so much of their talent young and locked in for some time, it's not going to be easy for any additional prospects to make their mark on the '18 Astros. Houston's top position player prospect, outfielder Kyle Tucker, was recently sent down to the Minors, as was expected. A major reason for that — other than service time and the fact that Tucker hasn't played at Triple-A yet — is Fisher. The Astros want to give Fisher, a top prospect and former first-rounder in his own right, a long look in left field in order to see what he can do. If Fisher isn't getting it done, it'll be Tucker's time to shine by mid-summer. If Fisher becomes a consistent force in the lineup, Houston could even opt to shop Tucker at the trade deadline for the right deal. The important thing is that it's becoming clear Fisher is going to get his shot as a starter in left field, so he'll be one player fans will want to keep a close eye on early this season.
Fisher appeared in 53 games for the '17 Astros, but didn't hit much (.212/.307/.356). In 84 games at Triple-A, however, the 24-year-old stole 16 bases and hit 21 homers with a .318/.384/.583 line, so it's clear why the team wants to give Fisher a crack at a steady role on the team this year. The 20-20 potential is clear, and ZiPS projections are actually quite bullish this year. They have Fisher playing 131 games with 22 homers, 17 steals and a .243/.322/.438 slash.
Shohei Ohtani, Pitcher/DH, Anaheim Angels
The story of the off-season, the ‘Babe Ruth' of Japan signed with the Angels and has everyone talking about what he could do this season as the first player in quite some time to attempt to be both a starting pitcher and everyday player at DH for Los Angeles. When Ohtani signed, the 23-year-old was immediately ranked as the No. 1 or 2 prospect in baseball. It's a rarity that Japanese players come to MLB this young, especially players with the hype surrounding Ohtani. The 6-foot-4 right-hander was bitten by the injury bug last year, but he played 169 games the past two seasons in Japan and hit a combined 30 homers with 98 RBIs and a .326 average — but that's not all. Over that same span, Ohtani ALSO went 13-6 with a 2.06 ERA and 203 strikeouts.
The possibilities are endless with Ohtani, though there is also some concern. Aside from the obvious difficulties of transitioning from Japan to the Majors and the unknown commodity of being an pitcher who plays everyday, Ohtani has a somewhat lengthy injury history and has also struggled this Spring. Ohtani had just two hits in his first 29 at-bats (.083) with nine strikeouts, and on the mound he gave up eight earned runs in just 2 2/3 innings in his first two starts. Nonetheless, Ohtani will have all eyes on him this season for a reason. ZiPS projects the Japanese phenom to go 10-7 with a 10.16 K/9 and 3.47 ERA in 23 starts and hit 14 homers with a .252/.313/.438 slash.
Willie Calhoun, Outfielder, Texas Rangers
The Texas Rangers have much of their lineup locked in, but the outfield is one area of intrigue. Aside from obvious starter Nomar Mazara in right, it's expected to be Delino Deshields in center and Drew Robinson and/or Ryan Rua in left to start the season. Deshields has plenty of value on the team given his speed, but left field is a spot Calhoun could be taking very soon. The Rangers' No. 2 prospect, who came to the team in the July Yu Darvish trade with the Los Angeles Dodgers, hit 31 hrs with a .300/.355/.572 slash in Triple-A last year, Those aren't really the numbers of someone who needs more seasoning in the Minors, but the Rangers are concerned about his defense and did send him down last week after he hit .243 with one home run and five RBIs in 13 Cactus League games.
Formerly a second baseman, Calhoun was recently moved to the outfield where he has struggled. While that added to the hesitancy in giving Calhoun the job right away this year, it's not something that's going to stop him from being an everyday player with the Rangers soon if he continues to mash baseballs. The 23-year-old not only hits for power, but average as well. He is a career .286 hitter in three Minor League seasons and has struck out in just 12 percent of his at-bats during that span. ZiPS buys big into Calhoun, projecting him to hit 28 homers with a .277 average in 142 games. Look for Calhoun in Texas sooner than later.
Dan Vogelbach, First Baseman, Seattle Mariners
Spring Training doesn't always have a major impact on starting lineups, but it does when you do what Vogelbach is doing. The 25-year-old slugger is forcing his way into the starting lineup as he is near the top of the Spring leaderboard in extra-base hits (10) and was 16-for-40 (.400) through 15 games. An injury to Ryon Healy cracked the window open for Vogelbach and he has burst through it. A former second-round pick of the Cubs, Vogelbach came over to the Mariners in a trade in '16 and has done nothing but hit in the Minors. The 250-pounder hit 17 homers with a .290/.388/.455 slash line last season in Triple-A and has 100 homers and a .287/.390/.476 slash in 669 Minor League games.
It was expected that Vogelbach would spend at least the early part of the season in Triple-A, but the Mariners are not going to turn away from him as long as he stays hot. Given his Minor League pedigree, his spring performance shouldn't come as much of a shock. While he's obviously not going to hit .400 this season, Vogelbach has the legitimate pop and on-base skills to stick around. He'll have to keep hitting though, as Healy recently made his Spring debut and is coming off a 25-homer season with the A's. ZiPS has Vogelbach with 17 homers, 64 RBIs and a .333 OBP in 133 games for the Mariners this year.
Franklin Barreto, Infielder, Oakland Athletics
The 22-year-old Barreto, the A's No. 1 prospect, was the key return in the '14 Josh Donaldson trade with the Blue Jays. Barreto has been climbing Baseball America's Top 100 since '15 and is now having a torrid spring while trying to force Oakland's hand in winning an infield spot despite the prevailing thought that he may still be a year away. Through 15 games this Spring, Barreto went 13-for-40 (.325) with two triples, three homers and seven RBIs. Despite the hot start, it's very unlikely Barreto begins the season in Oakland with incumbent veterans Marcus Semien and Jed Lowrie blocking his way at shortstop and second base, respectively. Fortunately for Barreto, the rebuilding A's won't waste him down in the Minors if he continues to hit, and 33-year-old Jed Lowrie isn't going to be much help on a team focused on the future.
Oakland would like to see Barreto's 27.6 K% drop this year, and his .197 average in 25 games with the big club last year didn't do him any favors. His power has steadily developed throughout the Minors, and the middle infielder hit a career-high 15 homers and stole 15 bases with a .290/.339/.456 line in his first full season in Triple-A last year. ZiPS projects Barreto with 16 homers and 17 steals in 137 games this year. Look for his strong defense and speed/power combo to be benefiting the Athletics in no time.
The High Court has dismissed with costs an urgent chamber application by the Nelson Chamisa led MDC-T faction seeking to bar Thokozani Khupe's camp from using the MDC-T party symbol and name.
Justice Francis Bere dismissed the application this Tuesday, stating that both camps were allowed to use the MDC-T party symbol and name until the constitutional crisis in the party leadership has been resolved.
He said an independent court or arbitrator had the power to nullify a camp from using the parties name depending on its legitimacy.
Addressing journalists after the court case, Khupe`s lawyer, Professor Lovemore Madhuku said the judge ruled that both camps are legally entitled to use the party's name.
“He ruled in favour of the heads of argument that we raised that until a determination is made on who is the legitimate leader of the party, none of them has the right to bar the other camp to use the party name and symbols,” said Professor Madhuku.
On the 13 th of April, Chamisa`s camp through its lawyers filed an urgent chamber application at the Bulawayo High Court, citing Khupe, Abednigo Bhebhe and Obert Gutu as respondents.
In the application, the camp argued that the respondents were unlawfully exploiting and abusing the registered MDC-T trademark, symbols and signs.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Many will be driving their cars in attire they would not usually wear during the summer months.
Some may opt to wear flip-flops for their journey down to the supermarket - or else go entirely bare foot.
But, according to new research by Uswitch, care-free drivers are risking up to £114 million in rejected car insurance claims every single year thanks to seemingly innocent slip-ups.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
These range from forgetting to renew their road tax to even wearing the wrong footwear, according to the Mirror.
In a list of the most common misdemeanors made by motorists, the comparison website revealed wearing heels or flip flops as the easiest way to get your insurance written off.
A quarter of drivers sampled by Uswitch said they've worn this type of footwear whilst driving.
The report also found many motorists were unaware that items hanging from their windscreen or rear-view mirror that obstruct their view could invalidate their cover.
The survey of 1,593 consumers found the most forgetful drivers are dotted around Birmingham, where one in three people on the road routinely forget to lock their cars.
In Wales, 26% of drivers also frequently forget to renew their MOTs on time.
Simple errors, which also involve forgetting to strap in your pet, could mean that British drivers lose out on £114million each year in unpaid claims based on an average claim amount of £2,671, according to Association of British Insurers' research.
A quarter of drivers admitted they did not realise these small errors could result in car insurance providers not paying out, with an additional third of drivers admitting they simply forget that such behaviours might impact on an insurance claim.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Rod Jones, insurance expert at Uswitch.com , said: "We know the British public are increasingly time poor, so it's unsurprising that motorists can be forgetful when it comes to locking up their cars or renewing their car MOT and taxes on time.
"With claims now running into the thousands of pounds, people can't afford to make a careless mistake that could invalidate their cover and leave them out of pocket.
"It is therefore really important that drivers note down their key renewal dates, and avoid making the easy to forget mistakes to ensure they are covered by should they ever need to make a claim."
10 slip-ups that can invalidate your insurance
Last Thursday found many NBA fans obsessed with the televised final game of the pro basketball season and an exciting photo finish, with the Miami Heat pulling off another victory. While the unfortunate timing for the MC Hammer concert at the Chumash Casino Resort on the same evening may have kept the show from selling out, it did not dampen the enthusiasm of the mostly full house for the dance-crazed concert.
It was most definitively Hammer Time in Santa Ynez during the 90-minute concert featuring the pioneer hip-hop icon, who sold more than 50 million records on the back of his late 1980s and early ‘90s hit songs. He also invented his trademark dancing style and created his own parachute Hammer dancing pants.
The flashy rapper appeared onstage in the Samala Showroom dressed to the nines and ready to perform, fronting a small army of back-up dancers and singers, including his 18-year-old son.
After a few opening songs to warm up the crowd, the gregarious performer moved into the crowd on the showroom floor and worked his way around a good portion of the venue, while singing several songs. By the time he had moved back onstage, he had most of the crowd singing and dancing in the aisles.
After a short break from the stage, the larger-than-life hip-hop legend returned for a multisong encore and invited audience members to crowd around the front of the stage. He even invited the most eager fans to join him onstage, which many did.
Surrounded by a sea of adoring fans, he played a final medley, including his mega hit song “U Can't Touch This.” A rainbow of music fans swarmed the performer, each taking a turn at their own unique rendition of the early ‘90s Hammer dance.
Impromptu performances, goaded on by Hammer's back-up dancers, came from audience members in all shapes, sizes and ethnicities. One college-age white man performed a particularly heated dance version, to the praise of Hammer, while an elderly black man captured the imagination of the crowd with his own dance moves toward the end of the song. It was truly a euphoric dance fever for the audience at the MC Hammer show.
The endearing performer lingered long after the performance, posing for photos and signing autographs for eager fans.
Score another unique and interesting night of music for the Chumash Casino Resort in Santa Ynez.
— L. Paul Mann is a Noozhawk contributing writer. The opinions expressed are his own.
Advertisement
Emerald Podcasts
Latest Print Edition
Advertisement
Advertisement
Archive Archives Select Month February 2017 (123) January 2017 (224) December 2016 (114) November 2016 (336) October 2016 (302) September 2016 (198) August 2016 (112) July 2016 (125) June 2016 (88) May 2016 (295) April 2016 (362) March 2016 (305) February 2016 (352) January 2016 (273) December 2015 (168) November 2015 (357) October 2015 (348) September 2015 (201) August 2015 (148) July 2015 (133) June 2015 (184) May 2015 (349) April 2015 (440) March 2015 (354) February 2015 (427) January 2015 (411) December 2014 (279) November 2014 (287) October 2014 (119) September 2014 (49) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (3) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (29) April 2014 (9) March 2014 (198) February 2014 (17) January 2014 (153) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (12) August 2013 (15) July 2013 (13) June 2013 (22) May 2013 (41) April 2013 (31) March 2013 (25) February 2013 (16) January 2013 (14) December 2012 (213) November 2012 (443) October 2012 (453) September 2012 (274) August 2012 (150) July 2012 (85) June 2012 (276) May 2012 (371) April 2012 (428) March 2012 (212) February 2012 (345) January 2012 (297) December 2011 (119) November 2011 (427) October 2011 (423) September 2011 (201) August 2011 (66) July 2011 (78) June 2011 (84) May 2011 (346) April 2011 (268) March 2011 (200) February 2011 (256) January 2011 (292) December 2010 (96) November 2010 (366) October 2010 (384) September 2010 (175) August 2010 (56) July 2010 (69) June 2010 (128) May 2010 (295) April 2010 (353) March 2010 (202) February 2010 (294) January 2010 (287) December 2009 (108) November 2009 (327) October 2009 (356) September 2009 (130) August 2009 (49) July 2009 (137) June 2009 (129) May 2009 (272) April 2009 (409) March 2009 (163) February 2009 (258) January 2009 (238) December 2008 (99) November 2008 (284) October 2008 (338) September 2008 (93) August 2008 (55) July 2008 (159) June 2008 (189) May 2008 (373) April 2008 (425) March 2008 (220) February 2008 (391) January 2008 (301) December 2007 (65) November 2007 (350) October 2007 (404) September 2007 (179) August 2007 (83) July 2007 (119) June 2007 (159) May 2007 (397) April 2007 (391) March 2007 (273) February 2007 (371) January 2007 (287) December 2006 (36) November 2006 (337) October 2006 (375) September 2006 (193) August 2006 (94) July 2006 (94) June 2006 (200) May 2006 (399) April 2006 (346) March 2006 (29) February 2006 (339) January 2006 (289) December 2005 (77) November 2005 (350) October 2005 (350) September 2005 (207) May 2005 (247) April 2005 (352) March 2005 (235) February 2005 (321) January 2005 (287) December 2004 (101) November 2004 (307) October 2004 (190) September 2004 (189) June 2004 (42) May 2004 (358) April 2004 (396) March 2004 (86) February 2004 (373) January 2004 (336) December 2003 (14) November 2003 (340) October 2003 (411) September 2003 (140) May 2003 (67) April 2003 (454) March 2003 (285) February 2003 (516) January 2003 (436) December 2002 (2) November 2002 (383) October 2002 (571) September 2002 (146) June 2002 (92) May 2002 (361) April 2002 (386) March 2002 (241) February 2002 (363) January 2002 (314) December 2001 (48) November 2001 (384) October 2001 (463) September 2001 (182) August 2001 (83) July 2001 (117) June 2001 (138) May 2001 (158) April 2001 (330) March 2001 (218) February 2001 (326) January 2001 (247) December 2000 (51) November 2000 (344) October 2000 (391) September 2000 (177) August 2000 (55) July 2000 (95) June 2000 (119) May 2000 (259) April 2000 (317) March 2000 (55) July 1994 (1) April 1973 (1) January 1968 (1) September 1967 (1) April 1967 (1) January 1967 (4) September 1966 (2) June 1966 (4) May 1966 (1)
Oct. 8 event will offer activities for children, including Sammy the Steelhead
The city of Goleta will host a community open house from 9 to 11 a.m. Saturday, Oct. 8 for the public to learn more about the upcoming San Jose Creek Capacity Improvement and Fish Passage Project, which is set to break ground in November.
The open house will be held on the front lawn of the Goleta Valley Community Center, 5679 Hollister Ave.
Project displays will be set up, and staff will be on site to answer any questions.
Several activities for children will be offered, and Sammy the Steelhead has agreed to take pictures with those who attend.
Free coffee and donuts will be provided.
Click here for more information about the project, to read the history and frequently asked questions, peruse the kids' corner and sign up for email updates.
— Valerie Kushnerov is a public information officer for the City of Goleta.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Cotterill revealed Jonathan Grounds damaged knee ligaments in today's victory over Sheffield Wednesday.
The Birmingham City defender was carried off after half an hour of Blues' 3-1 win, a result that lifted them four points clear of the relegation zone.
And while the overwhelming mood was one of positivity as Blues left Hillsborough with their first win at the venue in more than 11 years, there was also concern over Grounds' situation.
Cotterill regretted the injury to one his ‘star-performers'.
“I don't know at the moment. I don't think he's OK right now, put it that way,” the Blues boss said.
“He wouldn't go off. He said it feels a bit better now than it actually did when he was out on the pitch.
“At best we are hoping it's a bit of a jarring for him.
“At worst, I don't quite know what that will be. It's his medial ligament, but they can be as problematic as cruciate ligaments.
“It's part and parcel of the game, unfortunately he has been one of our star-performers this season. Certainly under me he has.”
Blues produced a superb first half showing and made the Owls pay for imploding.
David Davis put them ahead in the eighth minute, before Jota forced an error from the home goalkeeper and added his second just before half time.
Wednesday had Marco Matias sent off before the break and Daniel Pudil after it - allowing Blues to see out the game.
“We knew today they were going to be a tough nut to crack because they have just had four clean sheets on the belt,” Cotterill said.
“I thought we worked hard for our goals today and they deservedly came.
“I know we got one through a little bit of fortune, where it's a real wet day and it's slipped through the goalkeeper's hands.
“But we've had those things happen to us so we are not going to make any apologies for any soft goals or any of the sendings off because it's all happened in the four months I have been here.
“We are just pleased with the three points, quietly, humbly we get back on the bus, go back home and get on the training ground tomorrow morning.”
Match report
Club record signing Jota scored the first two goals of his Birmingham City career to lift Blues further away from trouble.
The £6m man grabbed a lucky long ranger in the 21st minute, then tapped in for another just before half time.
By then Blues had taken control through an early David Davis poacher's effort.
Manager Steve Cotterill was forced into making one change, with Jota coming in for the injured Jacques Maghoma.
And however unsettled Blues felt by that, it didn't show as the hosts gave them a huge helping hand.
There seemed no danger when Maxime Colin's eighth minute cross looked to be rolling through to Joe Wildsmith until Frederico Venancio chested the ball back to his own goal.
That allowed Davis to nip in on to blindside and poke into the unguarded net for his second in as many games.
Read More Things you will only get if you support... VILLA
BLUES
ALBION
WOLVES
Wildsmith was at fault for the second after Sam Gallagher won the ball back high up the pitch and fed Jota.
The former Brentford man fired a weak shot from 27-28 yards which was straight at Wildsmith.
But it confounded the goalkeeper who let it slip through his grasp and into the net.
Worryingly Blues had Jonathan Grounds carried off soon after, but Wednesday were reduced to ten men after that when Marco Matias appeared to dip his head at Cohen Bramall.
Blues hammered home their dominance in the fifth minute of first half added time when Wildsmith palmed Davis' cross-shot into Jota's path.
But the Owls ensured it wasn't too comfortable a second half as Lucas Joao hammered in after 54 minutes.
However, any hopes of mounting a sensational comeback were ended in the 72nd minute when the home team was reduced to nine after Daniel Pudil was booked for a second time for taking out Colin.
Villa fans pay tribute to Holte Enders in the Sky
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's 3-1 win over Cardiff City at Villa Park in November was somewhat overshadowed by Neil Warnock and Jack Grealish's post match run-in.
Warnock confronted 21-year-old Grealish in the tunnel after the game after being 'disappointed' with the player's antics during the 90 minutes.
Bluebirds defender Lee Peltier was sent off in that one for two fouls on Villa's youngster and Warnock's side were equally physical today.
Warnock would have been delighted to see his relegation battlers get the better of Steve Bruce's Villa and Welsh news outlet WalesOnline couldn't resist taking a cheeky swipe at the midfielder.
How WalesOnline reported Grealish's involvement today...
"Jack Grealish is a talent who should be too good for the Championship. Anyone who watched his gliding run that sliced open Cardiff early on would accept that.
"Or the very fact Neil Warnock was prepared to put Sol Bamba in midfield to disrupt his threat. Thankfully for Cardiff, Grealish seems to think he's too good for the Championship.
"The Bluebirds did a number on him – by fair means or foul – and Grealish feeling sorry for himself took away the visitor's main hope of asking questions of Warnock's side.
"His constant grumbling only invited Cardiff to do more of the same, while the backchat to the referee earned him a yellow card and little sympathy from official Andy Davies."
A meaningless Aaron Judge game reveals how all-in these Yankees are TAMPA — There was 6-foot-7 Aaron Judge at the Yankees minor league complex Saturday afternoon standing in left on Derek Jeter Field, a spot he has not played in the...
Giancarlo Stanton-Aaron Judge left field situation gains clarity LAKELAND, Fla. — Since Giancarlo Stanton has played left field in exhibition games and Aaron Judge has five innings of a minor league game at the position (on Saturday), it...
Aaron Boone hints Yankees could have two second basemen TAMPA — With less than two weeks left before Opening Day, Neil Walker finally made his Grapefruit League debut on Friday night, starting at first base with the Yankees hosting...
Manny Machado opens up on the Aaron Judge controversy PORT ST. LUCIE — Whether he lands in pinstripes or not, Manny Machado already has Aaron Judge's back. Judge took heat from the MLB tampering police after he said Wednesday...
MLB's slap on wrist shouldn't change affable Aaron Judge TAMPA — Aaron Judge proved last year he can take a punch. How will he handle a slap on the wrist? Here's hoping he reacts similarly. The cheery Yankees slugger...
Yankees wrap up Judge tampering with '30-second' talk Tampa — The conversation was brief and concise, Aaron Judge said Thursday morning. He got the point. He's unlikely to repeat the mistake he made. The reigning American League Rookie...
This will likely be the last time Aaron Judge recruits Manny Machado SARASOTA, Fla. — The Yankees got their first spring-training look at potential free-agent target Manny Machado on Wednesday. And Aaron Judge said he took the opportunity to make his pitch...
Here's how little Yankees are paying the Baby Bombers TAMPA — Aaron Judge is coming off a season in which he led the American League in homers, but he won't be leading the league in salary anytime soon. The...
Derek Jeter gets first taste of reality as Yankees adversary JUPITER, Fla. — In one rather significant way, this had to feel like Groundhog Day for the Marlins' new CEO. How many times, after all, has he heard the “DER-ek...
​The recently published report titled ​United States All-Terrain Vehicles Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The United States All-Terrain Vehicles Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/360475
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Report 2018
1 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV)
1.2 Classification of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) by Product Category
1.2.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Sales Volume) Comparison by Type (2013-2025)
1.2.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Sales Volume) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2017
1.2.3 Three Wheels
1.2.4 Four Wheels
1.2.5 Six Wheels
1.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Consumption) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2013-2025)
1.3.2 Household
1.3.3 Military
1.3.4 Commercial
1.4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market by Region
1.4.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2013-2025)
1.4.2 The West All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.3 Southwest All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.4 The Middle Atlantic All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.5 New England All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.6 The South All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.7 The Midwest All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.5 United States Market Size (Value and Volume) of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) (2013-2025)
1.5.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Growth Rate (2013-2025)
1.5.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Revenue and Growth Rate (2013-2025)
2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Competition by Players/Suppliers
2.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2013-2018)
2.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2013-2018)
2.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Average Price by Players/Suppliers (2013-2018)
2.4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Competitive Situation and Trends
2.4.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Concentration Rate
2.4.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Players/Suppliers
2.4.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion in United States Market
2.5 United States Players/Suppliers All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Type
3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales (Volume) and Revenue (Value) by Region (2013-2018)
3.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Market Share by Region (2013-2018)
3.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Revenue and Market Share by Region (2013-2018)
3.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Price by Region (2013-2018)
4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales (Volume) and Revenue (Value) by Type (Product Category) (2013-2018)
4.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Market Share by Type (Product Category) (2013-2018)
4.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Revenue and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
4.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Price by Type (2013-2018)
4.4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Growth Rate by Type (2013-2018)
5 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales (Volume) by Application (2013-2018)
5.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Market Share by Application (2013-2018)
5.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Growth Rate by Application (2013-2018)
5.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities
6 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data
6.1 American Honda Motor Co. (USA)
6.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
6.1.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.1.2.1 Product A
6.1.2.2 Product B
6.1.3 American Honda Motor Co. (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.2 Arctic Cat (USA)
6.2.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.2.2.1 Product A
6.2.2.2 Product B
6.2.3 Arctic Cat (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.3 Bobcat (USA)
6.3.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.3.2.1 Product A
6.3.2.2 Product B
6.3.3 Bobcat (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.4 Can Am (Canada)
6.4.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.4.2.1 Product A
6.4.2.2 Product B
6.4.3 Can Am (Canada) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.5 Honda (Japan)
6.5.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.5.2.1 Product A
6.5.2.2 Product B
6.5.3 Honda (Japan) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.6 HuntVe (USA)
6.6.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.6.2.1 Product A
6.6.2.2 Product B
6.6.3 HuntVe (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.7 Kawasaki Motors Corp (USA)
6.7.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.7.2.1 Product A
6.7.2.2 Product B
6.7.3 Kawasaki Motors Corp (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.8 KSR Group GmbH (Austria)
6.8.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.8.2.1 Product A
6.8.2.2 Product B
6.8.3 KSR Group GmbH (Austria) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.9 Polaris Industries Inc. (USA)
6.9.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.9.2.1 Product A
6.9.2.2 Product B
6.9.3 Polaris Industries Inc. (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.10 Suzuki Motor Corporation (Japan)
6.10.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.10.2.1 Product A
6.10.2.2 Product B
6.10.3 Suzuki Motor Corporation (Japan) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.11 Textron Off Road (USA)
6.12 Yamaha Motor Europe (Netherlands)
7 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Manufacturing Cost Analysis
7.1 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Key Raw Materials Analysis
7.1.1 Key Raw Materials
7.1.2 Price Trend of Key Raw Materials
7.1.3 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials
7.1.4 Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials
7.2 Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure
7.2.1 Raw Materials
7.2.2 Labor Cost
7.2.3 Manufacturing Expenses
7.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV)
8 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
8.1 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Industrial Chain Analysis
8.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing
8.3 Raw Materials Sources of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Major Manufacturers in 2017
8.4 Downstream Buyers
9 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
9.1 Marketing Channel
9.1.1 Direct Marketing
9.1.2 Indirect Marketing
9.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend
9.2 Market Positioning
9.2.1 Pricing Strategy
9.2.2 Brand Strategy
9.2.3 Target Client
9.3 Distributors/Traders List
10 Market Effect Factors Analysis
10.1 Technology Progress/Risk
10.1.1 Substitutes Threat
10.1.2 Technology Progress in Related Industry
10.2 Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change
10.3 Economic/Political Environmental Change
11 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Value and Volume) Forecast (2018-2025)
11.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Volume, Revenue Forecast (2018-2025)
11.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Volume Forecast by Type (2018-2025)
11.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Volume Forecast by Application (2018-2025)
11.4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Volume Forecast by Region (2018-2025)
12 Research Findings and Conclusion
13 Appendices
13.1 Methodology/Research Approach
13.1.1 Research Programs/Design
13.1.2 Market Size Estimation
13.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation
13.2 Data Source
13.2.1 Secondary Sources
13.2.2 Primary Sources
13.3 Disclaimer
To Purchase this Premium Report: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/360475
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
5:10 Tour the oasis of tiki power couple Wendy and Dan Cevola
Pennsylvania will have a new congressional map for this year's elections, after the US Supreme Court declined a request to halt the maps — issued by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court earlier this year — from going into effect.
The Monday afternoon order from the US Supreme Court, with no opinion and no noted dissents, followed a more extensive ruling earlier Monday from a three-judge district court panel reaching a similar conclusion. The pair of rulings appeared — absent an unexpected development — to end Republicans' hopes of stopping the maps from taking effect for the 2018 midterms.
Under the map that was tossed out earlier this year by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, only five of the state's 18 congressional districts are represented by Democrats — despite the fact that registered Democrats outnumber Republicans in the swing state. The new map is expected to bring that number closer to the parity that would be expected in the state.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court issued the new map itself in mid-February after the Republican-led state legislature and Democratic governor could not agree on a new congressional map. The redrawing process followed an order from the state's high court that the state's earlier map was a partisan gerrymander that violated the state's constitution.
Because the ruling was based on the state's constitution and not the US Constitution, the options for opponents to challenge it were limited. Pennsylvania Republicans tried to get federal courts to halt the new map from going into effect by claiming that the state supreme court's ruling violated the US Constitution's "elections clause," which states that "[t]he Times, Places and Manner of
holding Elections for Senators and Representatives" are to be set "in each State by the Legislature thereof."
With Monday's rulings, however, it appeared that the effort was unsuccessful and that the new map would control the 2018 elections — furthering Democratic hopes of retaking the House this fall.
Munster's quest for silverware has been rocked with the loss of Tyler Bleyendaal and Duncan Williams for the rest of the season, while Keith Earls is expected to face a lengthy lay-off due to a knee ligament injury.
Bleyendaal was forced to have surgery after a recurrence of his neck injury, while a training ground accident saw Williams sustain a fractured cheekbone and eye socket, which will sideline him until the summer.
Earls picked up a knee injury during Ireland's Grand Slam-clinching win over England at Twickenham and coach Johann van Graan admitted he will be out for a lengthy period, which means he is a huge doubt to face Toulon in the Champions Cup.
Shorter-term concerns surround Simon Zebo (hamstring), Rory Scannell (shoulder), Andrew Conway (knee) and Alex Wootton (hip), but added to long-term absentees Chris Farrell, Chris Cloete and Jaco Taute, Munster's backline now has a threadbare look.
Neck and quad injuries have restricted Bleyendaal to just 39 appearances in three seasons, but van Graan firmly sees him as a key figure for Munster – although he expected the New Zealander to be out for the next four months.
“Look he came through recovery, cleared all the medical tests, came from the bench against Cardiff, played 65 minutes against Glasgow and came through that game perfectly well. Some symptoms re-emerged and he got seen by a specialist and they decided to go for the surgery and that's the facts,” said van Graan.
“Tyler is firstly a quality individual, the thing that impressed me most about him is the person that he is and his rugby knowledge and the way he keeps the team calm. He sees the game in slow motion.
Key part
“He's a key part of Munster. He was our player of the year last year, he started most of the big games and obviously it's very disappointing for the team and for himself that he's out for a long time now.”
With the treatment room busy, Munster could do with the Ireland squad members returning immediately, but instead internationals Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and CJ Stander will have a week off.
Ian Keatley is expected to be available for Saturday's clash with Scarlets in Thomond Park, but van Graan is hoping that his gut instinct is not proven correct regarding Earls's injury.
“Keith Earls is probably out for a long time, we are still waiting for the feedback on him,” said the coach.
“I spoke to him personally. He was in a lot of pain. If you just looked at the clip, he seems to be in a bit of trouble and knowing Earlsie he is quite a tough man.
“He has been through a lot and just watching the footage if you look at him celebrating in the circle afterwards he jumped on one leg. I don't have any medical confirmation at this stage, but I fear he is going to be out for quite a long time.”
Jean Kleyn is also a doubt for the weekend due to concussion, although on a bright note, Niall Scannell has returned to training following his rib injury and is expected to face Scarlets this weekend.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Listen, guys. I don't know what to tell you. There's a new royal baby, right? People are really excited about it. Some are so excited they go on live television (@ThisMorning, I'm looking at you) and ask a fruit to predict whether said baby will be a boy or a girl.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Per the show's Holly Willoughby, the most psychic of all bananas showed the baby would be a boy.
And, like, it was. So. Here we are. In a world with three royal babies and one psychic banana. 2018 is wild.
Follow Tess on Twitter.
Hi! We notice you're using an ad blocker. Please consider whitelisting Autoblog.
We get it. Ads can be annoying. But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone. And free is good, right? If you'd be so kind as to whitelist our site, we promise to keep bringing you great content. Thanks for that. And thanks for reading Autoblog.
Whitelist Us!
The long-standing catch phrase “have it all” is metamorphosing into “have what matters.” Halleluiah. It's about time, because “have it all” is killing us.
Nearly 70 million Americans have high blood pressure, which triples your chances of heart disease. In the past 30 years, self-reported stress has gone up 25 percent for men and 18 percent for women.
Stress costs U.S. businesses an estimated $300 billion annually, according to the World Health Organization.
“The lack of attention to employee needs helps explain why the United States spends more on health care than other countries but gets worse outcomes,” says Jeffrey Pfeffer, a professor at the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
I have written columns on bio-feedback, meditation. I've shown how practicing mindfulness, visualization and even playfulness in the workplace increases productivity, creativity and the bottom line. These are not abstract or entertaining theories. They are effective tools to help us think better and slow us down.
Mark Williams, a professor of clinical psychology at Oxford and author of Mindfulness: Finding Peace in a Frantic World, says through neuroscience and looking at the brain scans of people who are always rushing around that multitasking without thinking shows they're operating from the emotional part of the brain. “They're on high alert all the time. But nobody can run fast enough to escape their own worries.”
Love that last sentence. The hamster wheel of fear keeps us running, but at what cost? Our top priority should be our well-being. How well we take care of ourselves defines how well we can take care of others — family, friends, co-workers, clients.
Are you ready to take better care of yourself at work? Simply put, it takes strength, discipline and courage to move out of an old pattern — especially if those around you are stuck in it, too. Let's face it, when you do it differently, those around you might become a bit agitated and even jealous.
Umm, you're now leaving the office at 5 p.m. everyday to spend quality time with your family. That's not unreasonable considering it's what you originally signed up for. However, the disapproving looks you receive as you leave may send ice shivers down your spine. I did mention courage is needed — right?
Tony Schwartz, the founder and CEO of The Energy Project, writes, “A new and growing body of multidisciplinary research shows that strategic renewal — including daytime workouts, short afternoon naps, longer sleep hours, more time away from the office and longer, more frequent vacations — boosts productivity, job performance and, of course, health.”
Sounds great. Now, what about the vacation time you've accrued — are you ever going to use it, or lose it like you did last year? And when on vacation, can you leave your work behind?
Are you willing to change your priority list? Take a good look at what's truly important to you. Put those items at the top of the list. Now what can you drop?
How many hours of sleep do you get each night? Sleep deprivation costs U.S. businesses $63 billion a year in lost productivity. A couple of extra hours of snooze time can prevent memory lapses, depression, headaches, confusion and aching muscles, to name just a few negative health effects from losing sleep.
The collective landscape of the business world is changing. Conscious business enterprises and people are moving to the forefront with awareness of the consequences of their choices and actions.
Often referred to as conscious capitalism, this business movement implements practices that benefit both human beings and the environment. It often leads to a better bottom line and a higher purpose at the same time. You can't beat that. But change takes place one person at a time.
Are you ready to do it differently?
— Susan Ann Darley is a creativity coach and business writer. Click here for more information, or contact her at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.845.3036. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He's the spiky sporty superstar whose antics delighted the crowds at the World Athletics Championships.
From tumbling downstairs to zooming along on a zipwire and playing pranks on Usain Bolt, Hero the Hedgehog stole the show as the official mascot at this year's IAAF event in London.
(Image: Matthias Hangst/Getty Images)
But did you know that he was the creation of a little girl from right here in the West Midlands?
Hero was designed by nine-year-old Ellie, who won a competition run by Blue Peter to find an official mascot for the championships.
(Image: Yui Mok/PA Wire)
Ellie beat thousands of other entrants from across the country in the competition earlier this year.
She also created Whizbee the Bee, who was the official mascot for the World Para Athletics Championships in July.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In an interview earlier this year, Ellie said: “It is so exciting that my designs were chosen as the winner. I was so happy when I was told.
"When I saw the competition, I was really inspired but I didn't think I would win.
(Image: Alexander Hassenstein/Getty Images for IAAF)
"I chose Whizbee and Hero because they are endangered species and are survivors.
"Bees are really important because they make the world go around and hedgehogs are determined and brave.
(Image: Christopher Lee/Getty Images for London 2017)
Check out some Hero the Hedgehog's most memorable moments from the World Championships in the clips above.
(Videos by London 2017)
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
PUNXSUTAWNEY — In the town of Punxsutawney, Groundhog Day starts long before the clock turns one tick past 11:59 p.m. on February 1st. Weeks of preparation go into carrying out the events surrounding Punxsutawney Phil's annual prognostication, and hours are poured into the final few days ahead of welcoming thousands of guests to town.
But anyone who lives here — or who's spent a whole lot of time here — knows that for one short period of time, the whole world is watching and waiting for Phil to do his thing. Each year, on the morning of February 2nd, the beloved groundhog awakens from his slumber, and with a bit of coaxing from Punxsutawney Groundhog Club Inner Circle President Bill Deeley, he makes his way out of his comfy stump to tell all those folks whether they should expect six more weeks of winter or an early spring.
Many approach the festivities with a bit of hope for a new spring, but it's the winter-loving folk in the group who win out most often. In fact, over the course of ‘Hog History, Phil has reported seeing his shadow 103 times in 121 prognostications for which the results were recorded (with 10 of his treks having no official report). That's a not-so-promising 14.87% success rate for the #earlyspring crowd.
This year, as is the custom, Phil's Inner Circle members began their trek down toward Gobbler's Knob right around 7:10 a.m. on Friday. Of course, Phil's fans had been flocking to the site in far-below-freezing temperatures for hours (since the Knob opened around 3 a.m.), but four hours later, it was time to get down to business.
At 7:17 a.m., those gathered at the Knob helped draw Phil out of his warm abode by chanting his name, and Deeley rapped on his door to complete the process. And when The Seer of Seers emerged, he was greeted with yet another cheer from the crowd.
Speaking to Deeley in Groundhogese, the official language of the ‘hog, Phil directed him to one of two scrolls to issue his prediction. That full prediction can be read on the scroll below, but it can also be easily summarized: Six more weeks of winter.
As is always the case, the call was met with a bit of a mixed reaction, though most never hold a grudge for long. After all, Phil's not making the news, he's just reporting it! And with that, preparations for Groundhog Day 2019 are officially underway.
Prior to Phil's 132nd prognostication, the official festivities began at 6:30 a.m. with the “official Groundhog Day house band” The Beagle Brothers bringing their folk-style feel to “The Star-Spangled Banner.” Then, the town got its official wake-up call with the annual fireworks show kicking off immediately afterwards.
Then, the group stayed warm by doing a bit of dancing and singing, with the help of the Punxsutawney Philette Dancers, a group of eight high school seniors who helped keep spirits high despite the chilly temperatures.
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
Mum stabs herself in chest as she trips over the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plenty of us will be heading out to beer gardens during the summer months.
As the weather improves and the nights get longer, many will be whiling away the hours with a nice pint and a bit of pub grub in a waterside beer garden.
But be warned - you may have to re-think your drink order.
You see, new research has found that draught cider is the dirtiest drink you can order in a bar.
This is all down to beer lines between the cellar and the pump, experts say, with pipes often overlooked.
Research by Cask Marque, an independent accreditation scheme, examined 22,000 of British pubs.
The researchers used 220,000 smart devices fitted onto beer taps to gauge how clean your pint is.
And the results are pretty shocking for fans of fruit-based tipples.
Cider was most frequently served through “unclean” lines, experts discovered.
Worryingly for cider fans, 44 per cent of the pipes fell below Cask Marque standards.
35 per cent of lager and 31 per cent of keg ale, meanwhile, are routinely pumped through dirty lines.
Sub-standard pipes were also found in 29 per cent of cask ale sales and 36 per cent of stout.
Cask Marque director Paul Nunny said: “Consumers today expect good retail standards and this has added to the demands on the pub.
“We have now got a lot of fast food outlets that are competing with pubs and so are coffee shops, only their standards are higher and pubs need to catch up.
“But that's not to say that there aren't pubs out there with higher standards than their competitors.”
It's been a rollercoaster of a year. In the world of sustainability alone, we saw the landmark Paris climate change agreement come into force; learned how rising temperatures in the Arctic are negatively impacting local residents; and watched as the world's top conservationists mourned the declining state of Australia's Great Barrier Reef, reported The Guardian.
And then, a bombshell: Donald Trump won the US presidential race and called into question everything from America's basic environmental protection to NASA's ongoing climate change research. Corporate America took evasive action, signing a letter telling Trump it is serious about sustainability, while others began unpacking Trump's emphasis on 'clean coal' and what it really means for the future of energy in the US.
But it hasn't all been doom and gloom. While the rest of the world struggled to come to terms with the aforementioned problems, innovators, scientists and tech heads worked quietly from the sidelines to come up with solutions. And some succeeded: From a trashcan that sucks up ocean garbage to a drone that delivers vaccines to endangered ferrets, here are our top picks for this year's best sustainable tech.
It's no secret that our oceans are turning into swirling garbage dumps. There are some 5.25 trillion pieces of floating plastic debris in the oceans right now, and it's estimated that some eight million metric tons of plastic waste enter global waters every year.
Earlier this year, Peter Ceglinski and Andrew Turton, two surfers from Australia, came up with a device they're calling the Seabin — a kind of submersible garbage can that captures floating trash. Picture a cylinder, with the upper opening just below the surface of the water. An electric pump draws water through the bottom of the cylinder, creating a vortex around the upper edge that pulls in water and floating trash. A bag filter, made of natural material, collects the trash and allows water to pass through.
Earlier this year, British-based tech firm QuantuMDx developed a new, low-cost diagnostic DNA analyzer the size of a smartphone which is being billed as a 'handheld lab'. The device — called Q-Poc — can accurately diagnose everything Q-Poc from cancers to infectious diseases in minutes. Although it is currently in alpha testing stage, the company hopes to get the product in the hands of doctors by early 2018.
The prospect of a speedy diagnosis at a patient's side is exciting, particularly in countries where access to medical care is a challenge. Subject to regulatory approval by the World Health Organization (WHO), QuantuMDx hopes to initially roll out the Q-Poc unit in South Africa, before expanding to other markets.
It was a big year for edible everyday items, like cutlery. First up, an Indian cutlery company, Bakeys, invented cutlery that you can eat as a way to tackle plastic waste in oceans and landfill.
Plastic cutlery significantly contributes to this problem — estimates suggest the US alone uses 40 billion plastic utensils a year. Hence the need for edible versions. Bakeys makes vegan-friendly cutlery from rice, wheat and an ancient grain called sorghum, which was picked because it doesn't go soggy when immersed in liquid.
One of 2016's most heartwarming stories revolved around a cunning plan by the US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) to bombard a ferret habitat in Montana with a vaccine administered via specially designed drones that can 'shoot' pellets in three directions at the same time.
All this in a bid to save the endangered black-footed ferret. The vaccine pellets are actually intended for the prairie dog population inside the habitat at the UL Bend National Wildlife Refuge. The ferrets are dependent upon prairie dogs for food and shelter, but a flea-borne disease called sylvatic plague has slowly been killing the prairie dogs off.
The FWS came up with a 'glorified gumball machine' to spit out the vaccine pellets. The machine which can be attached to a drone which uses GPS to drop the pellets throughout the habitat. Oh, and if you're wondering: the FWS said lab tests show that prairie dogs find the bait in the vaccines 'delicious'.
As we've established, humans produce a lot of trash — apparently of the more than 300 million tons of plastic produced globally every year, one refuse truck's worth ends up in our waters, landfills and streets every minute.
One of our favorite stories this year came from India, where a local entrepreneur has set up a production facility at a local rubbish dump, where waste pickers convert high-density polyethylene (HPDE) — mostly used for plastic bottles — into 3D printing filament to eventually be sold to 3D printing companies.
The market for 3D printing filament — the majority of which is made from virgin plastic — is growing rapidly. A recent report predicted the 3D printing materials market will grow by nearly 266 percent in the next five years.
AFFIRMATIVE Action Group (AAG) vice president Mr Sam Ncube and others have quit the organisation alleging frustrations within the lobby group.
Mr Ncube told Business Chronicle he recently quit the AAG together with some of the organisation's Matabeleland Chapter executive members.
“We have quit AAG because we felt that it is no longer representing the interest of the less privileged people as some of the executives are persecuting those people they are supposed to represent,” he said.
“Retired Major Clement Malaba who was the secretary general, Mr Silani Mtshiya (chief executive officer), Mr Dixon Moyo and other committee members also left because we wanted to clear our names after noticing that what was happening was anti AAG spirit.”
He said AAG Matabeleland Chapter provincial president Mr Reginald Shoko was now at the helm of the organisation in the region. Mr Ncube said they were also frustrated that decisions at AAG were now being made unilaterally.
“We were also frustrated that decisions at AAG are no longer passed by the executives but by certain individuals whose aim is to pursue personal aggrandisement, which in our view is against the objectives of the organisation,” said Mr Ncube who joined AAG in 1994.
“At one stage we fired Mr Shoko for not consulting the executive on issues relating to the running of
the organisation and this did not go down well with the AAG immediate past president Mr Chamu Chiwanza who reinstated him.”
Mr Ncube is one of the founder leaders of AAG and once served as Matabeleland regional president before elevation to national vice president.
Commenting, Mr Shoko said all the provincial structures were dissolved when the term of the immediate past president Mr Chiwanza expired last December.
“They are not telling the truth. What happened is that all the provincial structures were dissolved by AAG council of elders when the term of Mr Chiwanza expired. The AAG council of elders has categorically stated that no one at the moment should speak on behalf of the organisation,” he said.
In an internal memorandum, a copy of which Business Chronicle has, AAG founding president Dr Philip Chiyangwa said:
“Following the expiry of the term of office of the AAG national executive committee led by Chamu Chiwanza in December 2017, the founder president Dr Philip Chiyangwa advises that until further notice, the national executive committee and all regional chapter executive committees stand dissolved with immediate effect.”
Accordingly, he said the founders' council has assumed responsibility for the day-to-day work until a new leadership has been appointed.
“The founders will advise on the new leadership as soon as the team is in place and substantively appointed,” said Dr Chiyangwa.
AAG was formed in 1994 by businessmen Peter Pamire, now late, and Dr Chiyangwa after the Indigenous Business Development Centre failed to influence swift changes for the economic empowerment environment to favour indigenous business people. Chronicle
The queen of burlesque is opening up about her exciting life. Tempest Storm is 90-years-old and lives in Las Vegas.
“I left home when I was 14 out of a small town in Georgia. If you drive real fast you'll miss it,” Storm said.
She left school in just 7th grade and moved to California to be a star. That's where she met a man, while waiting tables, who told her she should be a dancer.
“I said, ‘What is the type of dancing?' He said ‘Strip tease, take your clothes off,' I said, ‘Not me! My mother would disown me!'” Storm said.
Eventually, he talked her into it and her first night on the stage was a hit.
“The audience loved me and I was in 7th heaven, I was in show business,” Storm said.
Tempest quickly blew up, becoming the face of burlesque. She toured with the James Gang and even played at Carnegie Hall.
“I never ever had a bad write-up in my entire career,” Storm said.
She was known for her talent, and for her high profile love life.
“Classy, classy gentlemen that I dealt with,” Storm said.
Elvis came to see her perform at the Dunes, which is now the Bellagio.
“Elvis was sitting with the chorus girls and all the sudden he came over and kneeled down beside me, I had this beautiful lace dress on, it was kind of flared. He kept twiddling at the bottom of my skirt, he says ‘Could I join you?' I said ‘Well ask these gentlemen, of course Elvis come join us, and that's how we started.”
When John F. Kennedy saw her in DC, Storm says they hit it off right away and continued to see each other secretly when he became president.
Tempest says, through the years, the industry has lost a bit of its glamour.
“The biggest change I've seen is that some of these girls just don't have the class,” Storm said, “I've been a class act ever since I've been in the business.”
She's proud to be a mentor to other young women.
“I'm very honored that these girls do look up to me.”
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Do you suffer from painful migraines? There may be some new relief available locally.
The FDA has approved a new injection, Aimovig, to help the nearly 20 percent of people who suffer from migraines.
But is it worth the cost? A monthly dose can cost $575. That adds up to $6,900 a year.
“I think insurance companies will probably present it as something to be used when other things don't work right," said Steven Arkin, a neurologist at Saint Luke's Hospital. "So I think things might develop over time. If people have success with it, they might be able to go first line with it eventually."
Unlike other migraine medications, Arkin said this one is only taken once a month. More importantly, Arkin said it has far fewer side effects compared to other medications.
“The main advantage is that it is a different medication," he said. "It is a totally different mechanism. So when I have been talking over the last couple decades, I've had just a short collection to choose from. Once that list is exhausted, I really do not have elsewhere to go except to choose different combinations."
Nikki Krueger has struggled with migraines every day for almost 13 years.
“You can't brush your hair. You cannot shower because your head feels like it is on fire. The pain is just out of control,” she said.
Krueger has tried more than 150 different medications to fix the problem. Nearly five years ago, she started to see Arkin and plans to try the new migraine injection.
“I want to find something that makes me fully functional again. I really do. If this is it, great,” Krueger said.
Have you received a surprising free air tickets or other exciting prices at in appreciation for your hard work, or simply to spread joy and happiness?
Over 2,000 Dubai workers are expected to have a happy and fun-filled day on Tuesday, with the Dubai Police celebrating the International Day of Happiness with them.
“With this event, we are going to bring to them happiness with whatever we think can cheer them up. They work hard and are an integral part of the UAE because of their contribution to the country's development. We dedicate this day to them,” Major-General Dr Al Salal Syed Al Falasi, director of General Administrative Affairs at the Dubai Police, a leading Gulf news agency.
Free air tickets, calling cards, prizes, vouchers, gifts and financial support will be offered to the workers as part of the happiness day activities.
READ ALSO: ‘Happiest Man in the World' takes to the stage at the second edition of the UAE's Happiness Journey
The police have also tied up with various companies and organized to pick-up and drop offs for the workers to the three venues – Zabeel Park, Muhaisnah and Jebel Ali – from 3pm onwards.
Apart from games such as cricket, singers and actors are being flown from India specially to entertain the workers. These include actors Tiny Tom, Meera Nandan, RJ Mithun Ramesh and singer Amrutha Suresh.
Actor and mimicry artist Tom said: “I am an ambassador of happiness and this is my job. It gives me immense pleasure to bring beautiful smiles on people's faces. I am also doing a show involving workers back in India.”
Besides fun and games, “we have organised physical activities, a charity market, free money transfer and also a free medical check-up, as part of the happiness day activities. This will be done by different hospitals at fully equipped medical vans stationed at all the three venues. The workers will also be given talks on health and traffic awareness and counselled on their legal rights,” Maj-Gen Al Falasi noted.
READ ALSO: World's happiest countries 2018 : Here's the UN Report
Ahmed Milahi, a representative of FlyDubai, one of the organisers, said: “As part of the celebrations, we have partnered with the Dubai Police to bring smiles on the faces of these workers by giving them the chance to win free tickets on any of our routes. The lucky draw will have six return tickets, valid until December.”
The event, set to become an annual one, wants to spread a message of happiness and brotherhood, said Al Falasi. “Today, want to give out the message that we do not consider these workers inferior. They are our partners and an important part of our community. We want to change the way society looks at them.”
Awatif Rashid Al Suwaidi, of the Happiness Council at Dubai Police, added: “We want to involve them and through this day, express our love and gratitude. This programme tells these workers that we have not forgotten them. They are a very important part of Dubai as they are literally building it.”
Good morning, here are our early stories:
-- Examining Trump's Initial Response To The Racial Upheaval In Virginia.
--Pence Expands On Trump's Remarks To Include White Supremacists.
--Why Future Earthlings Won't See Total Solar Eclipses.
And here are more early headlines:
China Warns Trump May "Poison" Relations With Trade Probe. (Reuters)
3 Shot, Killed At Wisconsin Dragway. (Kenosha News)
Evacuations As Fire Burns In South-Central Washington. (KING/AP)
Tropical Storm Gert Swings Back Out Into the Atlantic. (NHC)
20 Killed In Terror Attack In Burkina Faso. (BBC)
Indian, Pakistan Marking Partition, Independence Days. (Guardian)
Average Gas Price For 1 Regular Gallon Up 8 Cents, To $2.40. (AP)
Saint Martin's University baseball coach Ken Garland (left), who coached the Saints for 10 seasons, died Friday. Saint Martin's University sports information Courtesy
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Player ratings
An under-strength Aston Villa under-23s fell to a narrow defeat to Norwich City at Villa Park this evening.
The Young Lions have an important Premier League Cup semi-final against Leicester City on Friday evening before the Premier League 2 play-offs commence.
Alfie Payne's deflected strike was enough to ensure Villa finished their league campaign with a defeat in front of their own fans.
Callum O'Hare and Keinan Davis watched from the stands while key players Jake Doyle-Hayes and Rushian Hepburn-Murphy didn't see out the 90 minutes in preparation for the clash at the King Power. Jacob Bedeau, Mitch Clark and Jack Clarke were also rested.
Matija Sarkic - 6
The goalkeeper didn't have an awful lot to do. Norwich's attack were lively but they lacked end product.
If there's one criticism of Sarkic it was that he perhaps overplayed. But with the focal point of Davis missing, you can't berate him for not wastefully punting the ball upfield.
Sarkic had no chance with the goal.
Luongo link
Aston Villa have been tipped to try for Massimo Luongo once again this summer if they clinch promotion to the Premier League.
Reports in the midfielder's native Australia suggests that there may be something of a bidding war for Luongo when the transfer window reopens this summer.
The 25-year-old will likely head to the World Cup in Russia this summer with the Socceroos, but he could be on the move at domestic level too.
Spanish outfit Malaga reportedly enquired about the Queens Park Rangers man in January, but the Hoops turned down their advances.
Premier League side Crystal Palace have also been credited with an interest.
Luongo was on Villa's radar as a Swindon Town player in the summer of 2015 when Tim Sherwood looked to rebuild his squad after the departures of Fabian Delph and Christian Benteke.
He's gone on to make over 100 appearances at Championship level and has begun to find the net, too - he's scored four goals in his last ten games.
“Joining QPR is probably my best chance to play regularly, assuming that I impress and give them a reason to pick me,” the midfielder said upon signing for the Rs.
“With the players and resources they have at West Brom and Villa, they could probably afford to buy a bigger squad and maybe opportunities may have been limited.”
Sherwood agreed with the decision of the player he knew through working with him at Spurs. He said at the time: “It's not the right time for us to do the deal, I think it is a good move for him and it will give them the opportunity to play regularly.”
QPR sporting director Les Ferdinand has previously conceded that it'd be hard to keep hold of Luongo if he started adding goals to his game on a more regular basis - something he appears to be doing currently.
Steve Bruce is well stocked in midfield, though - Conor Hourihane and Glenn Whelan are regulars in the middle of the pitch, while Mile Jedinak, Birkir Bjarnason and Henri Lansbury have all played parts in Villa's rise into the promotion reckoning after a slow start.
Kit update
Aston Villa have announced a three-way kit partnership with menswear brand LUKE 1977 and Fanatics.
The kit will be designed by LUKE 1977 , a fashion label set up by Villa fan Luke Roper - and produced by global manufacturers Fanatics .
Earlier this month the club announced an end to their partnership with existing suppliers Under Armour.
The new arrangement sees Fanatics extend its relationship with the club, by becoming the official kit manufacturer.
And Villa claim the new kit will ‘maintain the quality and heritage of a kit that has played such an iconic, significant role in the Creative Director's life'.
The new apparel will bear the brand logo of LUKE 1977 while Villa insist Fanatics' internationally recognised manufacturing profile will ensure that the quality of the kit remains 'best in class'.
Aston Villa's Chief Commercial Officer, Luke Organ said: “Aston Villa Football Club is proud to pioneer an exciting new tripartite technical kit partnership.
“Traditional routes often leave the club lacking an element of creative input, we wanted to take back control of the look and feel of the strip for our fans.
"We believe this partnership will further allow us to engage with the fans to a much greater extent than previously experienced with manufacturing partners.
“The deal with LUKE 1977 and Fanatics represents a true partnership. All parties work collaboratively to deliver the very best product for our fans.
“As a club we are determined to lead the industry in every way that benefits our fans. We continually innovate off the field, providing the very best fan experience we can.”
Commenting on the announcement, LUKE 1977's Creative Director, Luke Roper said, “As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter, it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits.
PODCAST
“I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics, which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters.
“Every time a Villa fan sees the kits, they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process.”
Leicester link assessed
Jack Grealish's Aston Villa future has been the subject of speculation leading up to the summer transfer window after his fine form during the second half of the season.
Villa is likely to be braced for offers ahead of the next season, especially if they fail to secure promotion to the Premier League.
The local lad joined Villa at the age of six and made his senior debut for his boyhood club in May 2014.
Four years on and he's already racked up over 100 appearances. But how likely is he to add another century of games in claret and blue?
We've taken a closer look.
Who wants to sign him?
Grealish is reportedly on Leicester City's wanted list with the Foxes looking to line up a £20 million bid, according to the national press.
Reports claim that the King Power Stadium club will move for Grealish if Villa fail to secure promotion to the Premier League.
Luke lowdown
Aston Villa have announced a three-way kit partnership with menswear brand LUKE 1977 and Fanatics .
The kit will be designed by LUKE 1977, a fashion label set up by Villa fan Luke Roper - and produced by global manufacturers Fanatics.
Earlier this month the club announced an end to their partnership with existing suppliers Under Armour.
The new arrangement sees Fanatics extend its relationship with the club, by becoming the official kit manufacturer.
And Villa claim the new kit will ‘maintain the quality and heritage of a kit that has played such an iconic, significant role in the Creative Director's life'.
The new apparel will bear the brand logo of LUKE 1977 while Villa insist Fanatics ' internationally recognised manufacturing profile will ensure that the quality of the kit remains 'best in class'.
Here's a quick guide to Luke 1977 :
What is Luke 1977?
Luke 1977 is a contemporary menswear clothing brand set up in the West Midlands in 2001.
What does the advertising blurb say?
The brand "has all the components of the modern lad, a gentleman, a working class hero and a bit of a rogue and... draws strong influences from the tough elements of its native Birmingham. Foundry worker meets fashionista, Luke's taste envelopes all."
Who is the founder?
The founder is Luke Roper. He is from Walsall Wood, a couple of miles from Villa Park.
Inspired by his mother, a dressmaker, Roper was using sewing machines by the age of 12 to make shirts for his friends.
According to his website the former Shire Oak School pupil "soon became a local legend, with lads from all over the area ordering his unique designs and creations then hitting the clubs of the Wild West Midlands decked out in Luke's original specially crafted pieces."
Roper studied fashion at Walsall College and went to Central St Martin's College of Art and Design in London at the age of 20 and completed a degree in menswear design.
He teamed up with family friend Simon Poole and Deborah Poole to set up the fashion line.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Has he stayed true to his roots?
Yes! He's a big Villa fan - and has a design studio in Aldridge.
“I was in London for more than five years and in all that time I only spent a few weekends there, I always came back here,” he says.
“We have used iconic Birmingham buildings such as the Rotunda and Bullring in our promotions and it has always been fundamental to us that we are a Birmingham and Black Country brand.”
What does he say about the link up with Villa?
Roper said: “As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter, it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits.
“I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics, which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters.
“Every time a Villa fan sees the kits, they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process.”
Anything else to know?
It was named Young Fashion Brand of the Year 2010 at the Drapers Awards, beating brands including Diesel, Fred Perry and Firetrap.
Four other people, including three children, escaped unhurt from blaze in Foxenwoods neighborhood
At least one person — a 16-year-old girl — was critically injured Tuesday afternoon when a fire started in an Orcutt home, according to the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.
Firefighters responded at 3:45 p.m. to a report of a structure fire at a residence in the 4500 block of Edenbury Drive in the Foxenwood neighborhood area, Capt. Paul Christensen said.
Upon arrival, crews found a 16-year-old girl with burns on 90 percent of her body on the lawn in front of the two-story residence, which was “well-involved” in fire, Christensen said.
The teenage victim was transported via CALSTAR helicopter to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital with critical injuries.
Christensen said a man and three boys – ages 6, 8 and 10 – were able to escape the blaze through a bedroom window after they were alerted by a smoke detector.
“They were all uninjured,” he said.
The man was attempting to re-enter the home to rescue the girl when he saw the teen emerge from a second-story window and onto the roof, where she jumped to the lawn, Christensen said. He doesn't believe there are any additional victims.
County and Santa Maria Fire crews launched “an aggressive attack” and contained the blaze within 20 minutes of arrival.
Firefighters were still searching the residence early Tuesday evening and working on hotspots in the attic and on the walls, he said.
Investigators were on scene working to determine the cause of the fire and where it may have originated.
Christensen said it was too early to estimate the cost of the damages, but noted that both the first and second floors were damaged.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
