Under Minnesota law, permits expire every five years, at which point applicants must undergo training and pay a fee to renew their permit.
The new bill, introduced by Rep. Tony Cornish, R-Vernon Center, would establish a one-time permitting system by eliminating expiration dates from carrying permits issued after Aug. 1.
"It's similar to our firearm safety certificate," Cornish said. "You're given that when you're 11 years old, and you can handle a firearm for the rest of your life and you never have to take another class. Why do we require (renewal) for handguns?"
The bill is among gun-related legislation to garner opposition this year from anti-gun violence group Protect Minnesota.
The group took to the State Capitol Tuesday, Feb. 14 for its Broken Hearts Day event to urge lawmakers to reject bills like lifetime permits, which members called "extreme." The group distributed 1,500 handmade cards to lawmakers, each one representing an incident of gun violence in the last year.
The Rev. Nancy Nord Bence, Protect Minnesota executive director, said the Cornish bill would hinder law enforcement's ability to remove licenses from people who can no longer safely carry a gun.
The state Bureau of Criminal Apprehension reported cancelling, revoking or suspending permits from nearly 400 Minnesotans who had previously been approved to carry firearms.
The bill, she said, also raises concern over Minnesota's aging population, who will become increasingly susceptible to dementia.
The Alzheimer's Association estimates more than 90,000 Minnesotans over the age of 65 live with Alzheimer's, and the number is expected to grow to 120,000 by 2020.
"Do we really believe that that person who was safe to carry a gun when they were 21, or 31 or 41 still be totally completely together when they're 91?" she asked. "We have a serious issue with our aging population that is well-armed."
Cornish dismissed concerns from Protect Minnesota, whom he called "gun-haters."
A former police officer who chairs the House Public Safety and Security Committee, Cornish said the initial training and background check would sufficiently vet applicants the first time.
The lifetime permits holders, he said, could lose their permit if convicted of crimes that would bar them from carrying a handgun.
Cornish's bill also aims to lower the cost of legally carrying a firearm by reducing the maximum permit fee counties can charge from $100 to $50.
Applicants currently pay permit fees to counties in addition to the cost for permit to carry classes, which range from about $90 to $150.
Although Protect Minnesota estimates the permit fees generate nearly $1 million for the state, Cornish said the process has become unduly expensive for applicants.
"There are a number of counties who've gotten more money in their pocket from that than they need," he said. "It's not that expensive to do background checks and issue these cards any more."
From the other side of the aisle, two bills to be reintroduced by Sen. Ron Latz, D-St. Louis Park, and Rep. Dave Pinto, D-St. Paul, next week have gained support from Protect Minnesota.
One bill would require background checks for any gun purchases made by private sellers in Minnesota. Only licensed retailers now are required to conduct background checks.
The second Latz-Pinto bill would establish "red flag laws" allowing families and law enforcement officers to petition courts to have guns temporarily confiscated from people at risk of hurting themselves or other people.
The third bill to receive support from Protect Minnesota would allocate state funding into gun violence prevention programs. Sen. Jeff Hayden, D-Minneapolis, will introduce the bill in memory of his sister, who was killed in the crossfire of an Atlanta shooting last summer.
Other Gun bills
• Permitless carry bills proposed in both the House and Senate would allow any citizen to carry "any firearm or self-defense device" without a permit. A carry permit would would be optional, but not required to carry a handgun. Under this bill, any public official who "interferes with the right to carry a pistol" would be subject to misdemeanor charges.
• A second set of permitless carry bills proposed in the House and Senate would establish a system in which a permit to carry a handgun would be optional, but not required. Permits would not be required to carry a gun in a "public space," which the bill has expanded to include "property owned, leased, or controlled by a governmental unit and private property that is regularly and frequently open to or made available for use by the public in sufficient numbers."
Locations not exempt from the "public space" definition include a person's home, place of business or land as well as gun shows or gun shops.
• A proposed "stand your ground" bill would eliminate the obligation to retreat from danger in cases of self-defense by deadly force. For self-defense regarding a person's home, the bill expands the definition of "dwelling" to include "overnight stopping accommodation of any kind or place of abode." This could include porches, boats and cars. The original House bill also gained a companion Senate bill.
Sen. Terry Wanzek, R-Jamestown, tried to attach an amendment to the North Dakota Department of Transportation budget bill requiring the agency to keep all of the state's shops in operation through mid-2019. The amendment would also provide for a legislative study of the shops' proposed closure "and the impact of services in the areas affected," as well as the possibility of cooperating with local political subdivisions.
The amendment ultimately failed and the budget passed the Senate Appropriations Committee Tuesday morning. Wanzek said he intends to try to amend the bill on the Senate floor.
Wanzek said he wasn't enthusiastic about micromanaging the DOT, but "the outcry that I've heard from members in my district that have these shops in their area, it is overwhelming."
"I just feel that this is something, that in representing the people of my district, that I have to bring forward," he added.
The amended DOT budget includes a $66.4 million reduction in operating expenses from the $295.8 million included in the base budget, a 22 percent decrease. It also decreases the full-time equivalent positions in the department by 31.5, from 1,080.5 to 1,049.
Jamie Olson, a DOT spokeswoman, said the proposed consolidation of eight maintenance "sections" into neighboring facilities would save about $2.1 million in the coming two-year budget cycle. She said the buildings are aging and today's snowplows can cover more miles.
"They're able to do more than they were before," Olson said. "Those rural roads that some of these sections lie on, there's still going to be service. They're just going to be serviced out of the next shop over."
The shops slated for closure are in Starkweather, Finley, Fessenden, Gackle, Litchville, New England, Courtenay and Mayville, Olson said. There are 67 section shops across the state, Olson said, along with with additional shops at the eight main district locations.
Sen. Gary Lee, R-Casselton, said the DOT was asked to "look at their budgets critically just like everyone else was." Olson said the department saw a 13 percent decline in 2015 in highway tax distribution revenues, a main source of funding for operations, because of a slower economy and lower fuel tax collections.
"We ask them to seek out efficiencies, and then we tell them we don't want them," Lee said in arguing against Wanzek's amendment.
But Sen. John Grabinger, D-Jamestown, there has been a "grassroots effort" with petitions attempting to persuade lawmakers and department officials.
"They're going out to every farm and everything, getting these signatures," he said. "It is important to these people."
A majority in Norway's parliament signaled it will try to oust the nation's justice minister after a controversial Facebook post, in a move that will probably force Prime Minister Erna Solberg to put her whole cabinet up for a vote.
It will be a tense day in Oslo Tuesday, with a no-confidence process set to start at 10 a.m. local time. Solberg's Conservative Party will meet an hour before to decide on a way forward.
The Christian Democrats on Monday decided to back a no-confidence motion put forward by the center-left opposition against Justice Minister Sylvi Listhaug. But it's unclear how the party will vote should Solberg put the whole cabinet on the line.
The Christian Democrats don't have “confidence in the justice minister,” leader Knut Arild Hareide told reporters in Oslo after an almost five-hour party meeting. “We therefore ask Erna Solberg to take action to avoid a no-confidence situation in parliament.”
Solberg has been reluctant to get rid of Listhaug. The minister is backed by the anti-immigration base in the Progress Party, which has been Solberg's key coalition partner over the past five years. Listhaug angered the opposition after accusing the Labor Party of caring more for the rights of terrorists than national security.
Labor Party leader Jonas Gahr Store reiterated on Monday that the party would vote to oust Listhaug.
The Listhaug Facebook post on March 9 triggered the most serious crisis Solberg has faced during her almost half decade in power. After steering Norway through the worst ever slump in its oil industry, the premier had just celebrated her reelection in September and expanded her coalition two months ago.
Norway doesn't hold snap elections, so any new government would need to be formed through the current parliament. A first shot at doing that could fall to the Labor Party, whose 49 seats make it the biggest group in the 169-member legislature.
But Labor will need to convince some of the center-right parties to back it since it lacks a center-left majority. Recent polls have shown growing popularity for the prime minister, with backing for her Conservative Party rising to 28 percent from the 25 percent in the election, according to website pollofpolls. Labor, which has been partially engulfed by a #Metoo scandal, has lost backing and now hovers at just below 24 percent.
The crisis is likely to have little effect on the markets, with the economy of western Europe's biggest oil exporter enjoying a full-blown recovery. The prime minister has spent a record amount of oil wealth on supporting the economy, even dipping into the nation's $1 trillion wealth fund for the first time in 2016.
“The Norwegian political system is consensus based even though it may not seem like it these days,” said Kjersti Haugland, chief economist at DNB ASA.
Norway's central bank last week signaled it's poised to start raising rates again as the economy accelerates.
Read more on central bank here
But Haugland said there is a risk the krone might weaken, “since foreign investors could become uncertain about what it all means.”
Roger Severino, Director of the Office for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services David Hills / Heritage Foundation
Dated April 10 and signed only by Democrats, the letter comes on the heels of statements from
LGBTQ advocates and the House LGBT Caucus, which also expressed alarm over Severino's appointment.
Severino and
Tennessee State Senator Mark Green, the nominee for Army Secretary, are just the latest of Trump's picks to garner criticism for their track records on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights. LGBTQ advocates have previously voiced concerns regarding high-profile appointments such as Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
“That's where we are with the Trump administration,” said Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality (NCTE), who was “extremely glad” the 12 senators had voiced their concerns over Severino. “He is appointing extremist after extremist. The bright side, I guess, is that there is no pretense that President Trump doesn't want to be the most anti-LGBT president we have ever had,” Keisling added.
According to the senators' letter, “Mr. Severino's past statements, writings, and affiliations make him unqualified to lead an office whose purpose is to ensure that ‘people have equal access and opportunities to participate in certain health care and human services programs without unlawful discrimination.'”
Severino's past writings include
a 2016 report he co-authored in his capacity as director of the DeVos Center for Religion and Civil Society at the Heritage Foundation, a position he occupied just prior to his appointment at the OCR. Severino called for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as “Obamacare,” and opposed the interpretation of Section 1557 of the ACA to include gender identity. Section 1557 prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age or disability in any program that receives funding from the HHS.
In the report, Severino claimed the OCR's interpretation of Section 1557 to include gender stereotyping and gender identity confers “special privileges” and violates the “religious liberty and freedom of conscience” of health care providers.
As director of the OCR, Severino would oversee enforcement of the non-discrimination protections under Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act.
“There is nothing in Mr. Severino's past… that would make us feel like he is committed to enforcing federal laws against discrimination,” Keisling said. “President Trump has handed over domestic polity to Heritage Foundation.”
For their part, the Heritage Foundation defended Mr. Severino's record in a statement sent to NBC Out: “Roger Severino has a distinguished record of fighting for the civil rights and freedoms of all Americans. We have no doubt that Roger, in his new role at HHS, will protect the civil rights of all Americans.”
NCTE, along with several other civil society organizations, met with Severino on Wednesday after receiving a request from his office — a move Keisling cautiously characterized as a “good sign.”
“We wanted him to understand this is about enforcing federal civil rights laws, and also it's about people who need the federal government's help and have the legal right to expect the federal government to provide those protections,” Keisling said.
The OCR did not respond to NBC Out for requests for comment.
Follow NBC Out on
Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Babar Zafar, vice president of growth, demos Spotifys new new ad-supported mobile version in New York on April 24.
Spotify Technology SA introduced a new mobile version of its free music service Tuesday -- and tweaked a major competitor along the way.
The expanded offering is being rolled out ahead of YouTube's new subscription music product. Google-owned YouTube is aiming to persuade some of its 1.5 billion monthly users to upgrade to a paid version. Spotify already operates the largest paid music service in the world, and is expanding what it offers for free to reach a target of 1 billion users.
Users of Spotify's free mobile app will be able to access many features of the company's paid service, including some playlists on demand, executives said Tuesday at an event in New York. Bloomberg News earlier this month reported on the changes, which may also help the company keep its lead over Apple Music, the second-largest paid subscription service.
Spotify is looking to capitalize on its success with the “freemium” approach, starting customers off with a no-cost product and then trying to get them to pay for add-ons.
“Others in the industry may not be as familiar with freemium,” said Gustav Soderstrom, Spotify's head of research and development. They “may think it involves creating pain for users,” he said in a jibe at comments made by YouTube's head of music, Lyor Cohen, about frustrating users into paying for a new paid service.
Spotify, based in Stockholm, uses its free tier to bring in listeners it can convert to paying subscribers. Of the 157 million users of Spotify's music service, 71 million pay a monthly fee.
“We know it's the only way were going to be able to achieve our goal of getting billions of fans,” Soderstrom said.
WASHINGTON — Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe drafted a memo on circumstances leading up to the firing of his onetime boss, James Comey, a person familiar with the situation said Wednesday night.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity to The Associated Press to discuss a secret document that has been turned over to special counsel Robert Mueller. His team is investigating whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia during the 2016 presidential election and whether the president sought to obstruct that inquiry through actions including the firing of Comey last May.
The memo concerns a conversation that McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosenstein's preparations for Comey's firing. Rosenstein played an important role in that episode, having authored a memo faulting Comey for his handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation that the White House held up as justification for President Donald Trump's decision to fire the FBI director.
Rosenstein has said he wrote a memo laying out his concerns with Comey after learning that the White House intended to fire him.
According to McCabe's memo, Rosenstein indicated to him that he was initially asked to reference the Russia investigation in his own memo on Comey. But the final version didn't include discussion of Russia and focused instead on the Clinton email case.
Rosenstein appointed Mueller special counsel one week after Comey was fired. He has said he would recuse himself if necessary if his actions became relevant to Mueller's investigation.
The AP reported in March that McCabe had drafted multiple memos, including about his interactions with Trump. Comey also drafted a series of memos about his own encounters with Trump that unnerved him.
The New York Times first reported on the content of this particular memo.
McCabe became FBI acting director following Comey's firing last May. He was fired as deputy director in March, just days before his scheduled retirement, amid an inspector general finding that he had misled internal investigators about his role in an October 2016 disclosure to The Wall Street Journal.
Brand South Africa is inviting young and old in North West to engage with the Play Your Part Cube in the latest edition of its roadshow. The aim is for people to become active citizens within their communities.
Ray Maota
Brand South Africa will be hosting the North West leg of the Play Your Part (PYP) Roadshow at North West University's (NWU) Potchefstroom campus on Thursday, 16 February.
Attendees are invited to interact with the PYP Cube and will be encouraged to participate in education and skills development within their communities.
The initiative is a partnership between Brand South Africa and One Day Leader, a TV programme on the South African Broadcasting Corporation which promotes leadership and entrepreneurship within society.
Corporates involved
Private enterprise has always been involved with the PYP Roadshow and the North West edition will not be any different.
Volkswagen general manager in Klerksdorp, Clinton Bezuidenhout, is part of a panel discussion. Other businesspeople involved are entrepreneur and chief executive of the Wesvaal Chamber of Business, Sanele Makinane; Professor Du Plessis from the NWU School of Governance; Delmarie Van Zyl of the Potch Business Chamber; and social entrepreneur, Neeta Morar.
The event is a continuation of the PYP Roadshow from last year where actor and singer Zola7; businesswoman Phindi Gule and her partner, Kevin Burley; businesswoman Carol Bouwer; One Day Leader ambassadors, and DJ Sbu's Leadership 2020 inspired people across six provinces.
The Cube connected citizens to social media platforms, encouraged conversations on active citizenship and got people to pledge their time and skills to make a difference.
A mining province
North West is a mining province with more than half of its gross domestic product generated from the sector. It also provides jobs for a quarter of the province's workforce. The main minerals mined are gold, uranium, platinum and diamonds.
The province also has a healthy agricultural sector. Farmers in the north-western parts of the province predominantly raise livestock while the south-eastern farmers grow crops such as maize, sunflowers, tobacco, cotton and citrus fruits.
The province views increasing employment opportunities, accelerating housing delivery and combating crime, substance abuse and violence against woman and children as its main priorities.
People can engage with the PYP Cube, Brand South Africa and its partners on Twitter using #PYPCube during the session.
Would you like to use this article in your publication or on your website? See Using Brand South Africa material.
The Blueberry Hill Trails are located in the town of Elizabethtown on town-owned lands. Part of the Champlain Area Trails, the trail system provides trails for snowshoeing, skiing, and snowmobiling in the winter and hiking, mountain biking, and horseback riding in the other seasons. A lean-to provides outstanding views of the Giant Mountain Wilderness. There are several other viewing areas within the trail system that are quite rewarding. A sugarhouse and a small cabin are also found on the property.
There are 30 different trails of different abilities and lengths. Many trails are linked up trails, joining other longer trails. Many of the trails developed seem to get very light use, making the narrower trails seem more like herd-paths, but are indeed marked. The terrain is a mix of hilly and flat routes with some following old woods roads leading through passes between adjoining small mounds.
The forest is mostly hardwoods, making the leaf cover on the trails, in the spring and fall a bit more difficult for locating narrow trail locations. Each trail intersection is marked with a trail sign solving much of the confusion that might be had. But it is highly recommended that a trail map be carried along. Trail maps are also located at the Lord Road Trailhead.
Trailhead Parking: Trailhead and parking are found on the east side of Lords Road, 1/4 mile off Rte. 9N outside of Elizabethtown.
Featured trails are recommended by DEC.
Photo of Blueberry Hill Trail System Lean-to, courtesy Lake Champlain Region.
Playing the Broward Center for the Performing Arts is mind-blowing for Adam Ross Glickman.
“That's where I was when I saw my first musical, ‘Showboat,' ” Glickman recalls. “I remember afterward standing in the living room and pretending to tap-dance. I used to usher at the Broward Center. I don't know how to describe it. It's such a gift, and I'm so grateful.”
Glickman is starring in the national touring company of “The Sound of Music,” which will appear at the Broward Center Oct. 10-22. Glickman plays the villainous Herr Zeller, an Austrian official relentlessly trying to convert Captain von Trapp into Nazi naval forces.
“And he's ruthless,” Glickman says in a telephone interview. “He seeks out Captain von Trapp, and he's cruel. But it's also a beautiful story of morality. It's a ball to play the character, who is very different from who I am and how I would handle any situation.”
Here's more about 25-year-old Glickman, who grew up in Davie and Cooper City.
It has to be weird that you're Jewish and playing this Nazi, right?
In the beginning, sure. It's nuts. It's wild. And then, as I got into it and interpreting the character: He's just a guy who believes in what he believes in, for whatever reason and is on a mission to get it done. But is it strange and off-putting. I mean, we performed on Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. For the moment, that was a little strange for me. It's acting. It's not me. I'm grateful to be a part of such a beautiful piece where the bad guys lose in the end.
Matthew Murphy / Courtesy Lauren Kidwell plays the Mother Abbess and Jill-Christine Wiley stars as Maria Rainer in the national tour of "The Sound of Music," which plays the Broward Center in Fort Lauderdale Oct. 10-22. Lauren Kidwell plays the Mother Abbess and Jill-Christine Wiley stars as Maria Rainer in the national tour of "The Sound of Music," which plays the Broward Center in Fort Lauderdale Oct. 10-22. (Matthew Murphy / Courtesy)
How do you get ready for this part every night?
The character has two meaty scenes in Act 2, and I'm constantly preparing for them right up until I'm up on that stage. Some actors can just walk on stage and do their part and walk off stage, and that's it. That's not me. I like to fully embody that character. I'm constantly going over my dialogue. And I'm thinking, “How can I spice it up and live in that moment?” All those things I work on daily. I'm working on physical movement, as well. It's all the time. It's ever present.
You went to American Heritage School and did a lot of theater there before you graduated in 2010, but did you do any acting at regional theaters here in South Florida?
Not really. When I was a kid, I went to the University Center for the Performing Arts [in Davie]. That's where I really started. And I did FLCT, Florida Children's Theatre. And then, I did a lof of musicals when I was in high school at American Heritage. When I was in eighth grade, I did “Big the Musical” at Mosaic Theatre when it was at American Heritage [the professional theater company closed in 2012]. But mostly, I did musicals at American Heritage, which for a high school, the value and professionalism that is showcased there is off the charts.
Then you went to college, somewhere in Illinois, right?
I did. I went to Millikin University. Why did I go to this small school in Illinois? I have always had an obsession with “The Little Mermaid.” And both mermaids graduated from there, the one from Broadway and the one from the movie. The fact that they both — Jodi Benson in the movie version and Sierra Boggess on Broadway — graduated from there always fascinated me. And they have a great program.
Didn't you also work on Viking Cruise ships?
Yes. I opened their second ship as a vocalist on the Viking Sea. I was under contract for a little over eight months, and I saw 25 countries and countless cities in that time. I sang Gilbert and Sullivan, ABBA, Rat Pack, Beatles.
And you studied Shakespeare at the Globe Theatre in London, performed on Viking and now you live in New York. Is there anything you took with you to all these places — foreign ports, London, Manhattan, and now on tour — from South Florida?
The acceptance of all cultures. I didn't realize I was immersed in so many different cultures growing up and that so many people don't have the opportunity to know so many cultures. And still today, I'm such an introvert … and yet I have such a love of people, meeting so many people and that stems from South Florida, a love of people. I come from such a melting pot.
Matthew Murphy / Courtesy Jill-Christine Wiley plays Maria Rainer in the national tour of "The Sound of Music," which plays the Broward Center in Fort Lauderdale Oct. 10-22. Jill-Christine Wiley plays Maria Rainer in the national tour of "The Sound of Music," which plays the Broward Center in Fort Lauderdale Oct. 10-22. (Matthew Murphy / Courtesy)
What's it like being on tour and having family and friends see you as the bad guy in “The Sound of Music”?
It's weird. We were in Seattle … and some friends came to see the show. Afterward, I could definitely tell there was something in their eyes. Finally, they said, “Wow, we hated your character. You did such a good job.” It's interesting. It's a totally different life I'm living right now that I've never lived before, and it's very cool.
“The Sound of Music” runs Oct. 10-22 at the Broward Center for the Performing Arts, 201 SW Fifth Ave., IN Fort Lauderdale. Showtimes are 8 p.m. Tuesdays-Saturdays and 6:30 Sundays, with matinees 2 p.m. Saturdays (and Wednesday, Oct. 18) and 1 p.m. Sundays. Tickets cost $30-$150. To order, call 954-462-0222 or go to BrowardCenter.org.
CAPTION The Perez Art Museum Miami's new exhibit "Spots, Dots, Pips, Tiles" explores the history, politics and popularity of dominoes. The Perez Art Museum Miami's new exhibit "Spots, Dots, Pips, Tiles" explores the history, politics and popularity of dominoes. CAPTION The Perez Art Museum Miami's new exhibit "Spots, Dots, Pips, Tiles" explores the history, politics and popularity of dominoes. The Perez Art Museum Miami's new exhibit "Spots, Dots, Pips, Tiles" explores the history, politics and popularity of dominoes. CAPTION There's a new underwater show at The Wreck Bar in Fort Lauderdale. But it's not your typical mermaid show. It's underwater burlesque. Performer MeduSirena is the mind behind the show, which is inspired in classic Esther Williams Hollywood movies and Las Vegas shows, such as "Jubilee!" There's a new underwater show at The Wreck Bar in Fort Lauderdale. But it's not your typical mermaid show. It's underwater burlesque. Performer MeduSirena is the mind behind the show, which is inspired in classic Esther Williams Hollywood movies and Las Vegas shows, such as "Jubilee!" CAPTION Oakland Park photojournalist Larry Singer's images of U2's Bono, Mick Jagger, Bob Dylan, Van Halen and Alice Cooper are on display for new "Rockin'" exhibit at Studio 18 in Pembroke Pines. Oakland Park photojournalist Larry Singer's images of U2's Bono, Mick Jagger, Bob Dylan, Van Halen and Alice Cooper are on display for new "Rockin'" exhibit at Studio 18 in Pembroke Pines. CAPTION The popular eerie podcast, set in a fictional desert town, will visit the Olympia Theater in Miami on Friday, July 7. The popular eerie podcast, set in a fictional desert town, will visit the Olympia Theater in Miami on Friday, July 7. CAPTION Lorraine Marks-Field founded the Florida Inter-generational Orchestra in 2005 with the idea of bringing children and adults together as a way of motivating young musicians to keep practicing and growing. Lorraine Marks-Field founded the Florida Inter-generational Orchestra in 2005 with the idea of bringing children and adults together as a way of motivating young musicians to keep practicing and growing.
rhagwood@southflorida.com
ALAMEDA — At this point, Jordy Nelson is used to running around in silver and black instead of green and yellow.
He's had some time to adjust to life with his first new team since beginning his NFL career with the Green Bay Packers in 2008. On Tuesday, he spoke with Bay Area media in person for the first time since signing with the Raiders.
Here are three notable things the veteran wideout touched on.
Having Edgar Bennett in Oakland
Bennett served as Green Bay's wide receivers coach from 2011-14 and the team's offensive coordinator from 2015-17. After the Packers released Nelson earlier this offseason, Bennett knew who his next phone call was going to.
Bennett has played an integral role in Nelson's standing as one of the league's most productive receivers, and the Raiders need him to work his magic on Nelson after a down year – yes, Green Bay had a litany of injuries – for the receiver last season.
“I mean that's just one less person I have to learn who their name is and figure out what they're like,” Nelson said with a chuckle. “I think that is one of the main factors why I chose to come here. We have great history together – been together in Green Bay for 10 years, as my coach for I don't know how many, quite a few though. We have a great relationship on and off the field.”
Building a rapport with a new quarterback
The Aaron Rodgers-Jordy Nelson pairing became one of the league's most effective over the last decade. Rodgers didn't seem too pleased the team let Nelson go at the start of free agency, and now Nelson is tasked with meshing with a 27-year-old Carr that he won't compare to his former quarterback and future first-ballot Hall of Famer.
Nelson slides into the No. 2 receiver spot behind Amari Cooper after Michael Crabtree signed with the Baltimore Ravens. Nelson caught 53 passes for 482 yards and six touchdowns last season after going for 97, 1,257 and 14 scores the year before. He and his quarterback will have their partnership judged right off the bat, and both need rebounds from 2017 if Oakland wants its biggest-name offseason signing to pay dividends.
“It's going great. It's just communication and getting the reps on the field. It's no different than what Aaron and I did for 10 years,” Nelson said. “We'll continue to grind at it. It's getting on the same page, understanding the playbook the same way and then getting the reps in on the field if it's on air, one-on-one, seven-on-seven, team, all of that. It all adds up – just being comfortable with one another.”
Who he called on for advice before signing
Luckily for Nelson, he knew two receivers quite well that were familiar with Carr.
Green Bay star receiver Davante Adams is Carr's close friend from their dynamic pairing at Fresno State, and former Green Bay and Oakland wideout James Jones endorsed the Raiders' quarterback, too.
Nelson did his due diligence when researching the Raiders, then he and Carr FaceTimed both Adams and Jones while touring the Bay Area on Nelson's free-agent visit earlier this offseason.
Related Articles Raiders' Gruden explains signing of Daryl Worley
Jon Gruden back in his element on first day of Raiders veteran mini-camp
Watch: Ex-Cal QB Goff goes back to school, pranks players who think he's a jerk
How Reggie McKenzie gets along with his ‘bowling ball of butcher knives'
Raiders exercise fifth-year option on Amari Cooper “Those were the two guys I called as soon as Oakland called me, because obviously Davante played with Derek and then James was out here for a year,” Nelson said. “So, we try to gather as much information as possible, because obviously free agency can go pretty quick as we've found out. I wanted to get some inside information on both Oakland and Derek as a quarterback and obviously they had great things to say.
“Davante and Derek had a great relationship and a great time at Fresno State. And J.J. had a great year and enjoyed Oakland the year he was here. So, they had nothing but great things to say and again, had an impact on my decision.”
Apple confirmed Monday that it is acquiring Shazam, the popular app that identifies any song, TV show, movie, or ad by listening to a few seconds of it.
“We are thrilled that Shazam and its talented team will be joining Apple,” Apple spokesperson Tom Neumayr said in a statement to BuzzFeed News. “Since the launch of the App Store, Shazam has consistently ranked as one of the most popular apps for iOS. Today, it's used by hundreds of millions of people around the world, across multiple platforms.”
“Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users,” Neumayr continued. “We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement.”
A spokesperson for Shazam also confirmed the acquisition.
TechCrunch first reported news of the deal Friday. The acquisition price has not been made public, but it is likely less than half of the $1 billion Shazam was said to be worth during its last round of fundraising in 2015. Shazam was founded in London in 1999, but found its footing as a mobile app popularized after Apple launched its App Store in 2008. By 2013, the company's CEO, Rich Riley, announced that Shazam was one of the 10 most popular apps in the world. In September 2016, Shazam said it surpassed 1 billion downloads.
The Shazam acquisition is just Apple's latest foray into the world of music tech. In 2014, it purchased Beats for $3 billion, a move that laid the groundwork for the streaming service Apple Music. In 2016, the company bought the popular Carpool Karaoke TV series. As of September 2017, Apple Music boasts 30 million users, compared with 60 million paying subscribers on Spotify (and 140 million paid and free Spotify subscribers in total), and 4.9 million paid subscribers on Pandora.
Police say an Indiana woman wanted on an arrest warrant plotted to kill her brother's baby using poisonous breast milk.
Sarai Rodriguez-Miranda, of Fort Wayne, was charged Monday for attempted murder after her mother notified authorities of her plan, news station WANE reported.
Rodriguez-Miranda, who lived with her mom, reportedly was upset that her brother, his fiance and their baby girl were allowed to live in the home.
Court records said that the 19-year-old suspect shared a cellphone with her mother, which she used to text her boyfriend about a plot to murder the baby.
She allegedly told him that she was “so excited” about her scheme to crush Excedrin to put in the baby's breast milk bottles, the Journal Gazette reported.
“I put the stuff in a made bottle in the fridge,” she wrote, according to court records. “Yeah I thought it was funny that I don't have an ounce of guilt.”
Upon finding the messages, Rodriguez-Miranda's mom went to examine the bottles and found the breast milk was an off color, authorities said,
The infant was immediately brought to the emergency room for examination, but didn't show any signs of poisoning.
The family turned over the bottles to police. Toxicologists tested the breast milk and found it contained acetaminophen, caffeine and aspirin — substances in Excedrin.
According to the report, one bottle contained the equivalent of nine Excedrin tablets, which is enough to kill an adult.
Rodriguez-Miranda, meanwhile, reportedly sent messages about her plan not working.
“Why didn't that baby die dude thats dumb,” she wrote, according to a report.
Police said that she fled town when she heard about the investigation. She and her boyfriend are believed to be in Michigan, court records said.
The aid agency Médecins du Monde says the existence of a camp for 1,500 immigrants in northern Paris is further proof of the failure of a government policy which puts security ahead of humanitarian concerns. How did an agro-chemical lobby group get copies of a proposed amendment to weedkiller legislation days before the French parliament saw the text?
Le Monde gives the top of the front page to the ongoing evacuation of several hundred immigrants from a camp in northern Paris. This is the 29th such operation in the French capital since June 2015.
Le Monde quotes the aid agency Médecins du Monde as saying the situation of the estimated 1,500 men, women and children living in tents under the motorway at La Villette is further proof of the failure of a policy which puts security ahead of humanitarian concerns.
The reason the camp reached such a remarkable size, given that the police in the entire region surrounding Paris have been told to prevent any such regrouping of immigrants, is that the so-called Camp du Millénaire, under the ramps of the ringroad, has been practically invisible to ordinary Parisians and journalists.
And that invisibility, says the medical charity, is an inevitable response to official violence.
The aid agency says sanitary conditions at the camp are catastrophic, that 1,500 people have been left without any information on their rights and how they might go about obtaining help. The camp, says Médecins du Monde, is a symbol of the hypocrisy of a nation in the face of those who come looking for protection.
France is not interested in individuals, it is interested in processing cases and moving the problem further awayn the NGO says.
And this despite a presidential promise that France would offer a humane welcome to migrants and become the "voice of those who go unheard".
Malian child-rescue hero to join French fire brigade
Right-wing paper Le Figaro makes no mention of the ongoing police operation but does, ironically, devote a lot of space to Mamoudou Gassama, the undocumented immigrant from Mali who climbed up the front of a Paris building last weekend to save a child hanging from a fourth-floor balcony.
Gassama's heroic behaviour earned him global star status on the internet, he was invited to meet President Emmanuel Macron and he has since been granted a residence permit by the French police. He is to be trained as a firefighter.
Weeding out the chemical lobby
As the French parliament debates new food laws, left-leaning daily paper Libération looks at the various ways in which the farm and food-processing lobbies influence MPs.
It looks like the game might go a bit further than luxurious lunches at the lobbyists' expense.
Libé points to the case of this week's rejection by deputies of the amendment that would have made the weedkiller glyphosate, a global best-seller, but possibly dangerous to humans, bees and anything else that gets a sniff of it, illegal in France within the next three years.
The deputy who proposed the amendment, former ecologu minister Delphine Batho, has told parliament that the union of chemical companies knew the details of her proposals four days before they were presented to the other MPs for debate. She bases this claim on the fact that the leaked document contained an error which was subsequently corrected. A whistleblower at Dow Chemicals told her that copies of her amendment, complete with the mistake, were circulating at the company, with the instruction to recipients to advise "their" MPs of the chemical companies' concerns.
The chemical companies group, wonderfully named the Union of Industries for the Protection of Plants, deny any access to the French parliamentary database, where the leaked document was stored, saying the mysterious mistake was the result of a copy-and-paste error from a previous amendment.
The president of the National Assembley has run an internal investigation but has failed to locate the source of the leak.
The chemical companies are deeply shocked at the suggestion that they might have had recourse to illegal practises. Perish the thought!
Intro
Sheffield United FC vs Bradford City
Monday 17 April 2017
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
(MEDIA GENERAL) — Making a New Year's resolution and sticking to it is easier said than done. Many will try but few will be successful in their attempt to eat healthier, save money or get organized.
A lifestyle change cannot happen overnight, and experts say psychology plays an important role in an individual's ability to remain firm in their annual commitments.
Getting your brain in the right mindset may take time and practice. Here are a few ideas to get you started on the right track:
Make ONE goal
Goal-setting can be exciting, but the path to achieving it can be arduous.
If you try to accomplish too much too fast, you will only get frustrated and give up quickly.
Set one goal and create mini milestones that document your progress. This way you can be encouraged during the journey and you are taking steps in the right direction.
Resolutions can sometimes appear far-reaching when an individual cannot pinpoint actual growth toward their goal.
Write it down
Write down your goal and place it somewhere you will see it every day as a constant reminder.
Studies show people who write down their goals are more likely to accomplish them.
Viewing your goal on a regular basis can reignite intensity and motivate you to reach the finish line.
Practice makes perfect
Willpower, or a strong determination that allows you to do something difficult, is not a fixed characteristic. Through practice, willpower can be strengthened.
In an experiment conducted at the University at Albany, 122 smokers were asked to practice self-control more frequently for two weeks, either by avoiding sweets or squeezing on a grip strengthener for as long as possible twice daily.
The 27 percent that was consistent with their exercises were able to successfully quit smoking. In comparison, only 12 percent of participants who were not assigned an exercise managed to kick the habit.
Be thankful
Your outlook on life can positively or negatively impact your well-being. Recognizing and being appreciative for certain aspects or people in your life can also boost mental and physical health.
In a study conducted by Dr. Paul J. Millis, professor of family medicine and public health at the University of California San Diego, gratitude improved the moods of patients with asymptomatic heart failure and in turn enhanced the quality of sleep and decreased fatigue.
Stress can exacerbate existing problems, making it important for people to take care of themselves and maintain a positive and realistic attitude. A healthy, well-rested person is better able to cope with stress and setbacks.
Develop a support group
Share your goal with family and friends. Two heads are better than one, so they say, and your loved ones can offer encouragement and feedback you need to succeed. Your plan to accomplish your resolution may need some tweaking. Their knowledge can provide a richer perspective.
Also, friends and family will be the first to notice changes in your lifestyle and can offer words of affirmation.
Dr. Joseph Shrand of Harvard University says social approval delivers a rush of oxytocin, a hormone that connects social bonding, to the brain.
We had Joe Budden co-hosting here for a week earlier this year, right after his now infamous situation with the Migos. Well it looks like months later, the Migos still have no love for jump off Joe Budden.
Just last week in a promo of the Quality Control album release, we hear a light jab at Budden in snippet of one of the songs saying, “If a n***a hating, call him Joe Budden (p***y!).” To that, Joe laughed it off and reminded us that he is retired and won't partake in any Migos beef.
Well now Quavo has released what looks to be art work for a new single. This artwork features Joe Budden with a “Pump It Up” tattoo, rocks in his hand, an ‘Everyday Struggle' wife beater and some Migos jewlery.
I F A N I G G A H A T I N C A L L E M J O E B U D D E N #ICETRAY T H A G A N G N E W S I N G L E A L E R T 🚨 A post shared by QuavoHuncho (@quavohuncho) on Dec 10, 2017 at 11:19am PST
Can the Migos get Joe Budden out of retirement?
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Shire Plc is at the center of one of the highest-profile takeover battles in the world right now. Its annual meeting in Dublin on Tuesday drew about 20 investors, two journalists and a couple of public relations advisers and was all over in 15 minutes.
Shareholders voted on all 20 resolutions and asked no questions from the floor at the Miesian Plaza on Baggot Street, located close to some of the city's most famous bars. The board sat at one long table, facing three rows of seats for attendees. Many were empty.
The muted occasion perhaps reflects the disconnect between Shire's U.S. operational center in Lexington, Massachusetts and its group headquarters that are spread over two relatively inconspicuous blocks in Dublin. A clutch of international drug companies have bases in Ireland, attracted by the nation's tax structure.
Chairwoman Susan Kilsby acknowledged to the few gathered that shareholders were “acutely” aware of the company's “disappointing” share price performance in 2017 -- a 17 percent drop. Beyond that, she could say little new, as the board mulled a new offer by Japan's Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., restricting what information could be given to investors.
With that, it was pretty much all over.
Ronda Rousey shouldn't expect the Bella Twins and Nia Jax to roll out the WWE welcome mat. After making her long-awaited debut Sunday night after the women's Royal Rumble event...
Video
Being labelled the ugliest place in the world felt like a blow to the Belgian city of Charleroi.
In fact it brought curious tourists and wealthy investors into the heart of the run-down rust belt of northern Europe.
Video produced by Rob Watts and Bruno Boelpaep
FAIRBORN — She struck gold in her career following graduation from Wright State University — real gold.
Elizabeth Freeman is a geologist looking for gold at an underground mine in Alaska.
Shortly after graduating with a bachelor's degree in earth and environmental sciences in 2015, Freeman worked as a substitute science teacher at Summit Academy in Dayton and then a contracted teacher for a year.
In 2016, she moved to Alaska with her wife to pursue her geology career, landing a job as a core logger at the Kensington gold mine about 45 miles north-northwest of Juneau.
The United States is the world's fourth-largest gold producer, behind Peru, South Africa and Russia.
The Kensington mine is accessed by a horizontal tunnel and utilizes conventional and mechanized underground mining methods. Ore is processed in a flotation mill that produces a concentrate that is sold to smelters.
Freeman's duties include logging, collating and interpreting geologic data, helping with geologic surface and underground mine face mapping, and doing geochemical sampling of rock and soil. She also serves as a liaison to drilling contractors and updates the company's geology department daily on the status of core samples.
“During a typical day, I spend 12 hours in my core shack analyzing my core, which includes recording mineralization and veining content and of course looking for gold,” she said. “Once my current project is finished, I pick another hole based on priority and I start again.”
Freeman said Wright State and the faculty in the College of Science and Mathematics prepared her to be successful by showing her she could persevere through anything.
“I am eternally grateful to my geology professors and my awesome academic adviser for always supporting my journey,” she said.
As a young girl, Freeman would carve up creekbeds looking for fossils. While her mother was studying at Wright State, 7-year-old Elizabeth would visit campus classrooms and offices to look at fossil fish or spend time in the library reading about geology and archaeology.
In the ensuing years, Freeman continued to inhale geology. She went on nature hikes and digs. She visited science museums. There was a trip to the Everglades and Yellowstone National Park, where she took a peek into the Earth's interior.
Freeman's college career was interrupted when she contracted mononucleosis and was forced to drop out. For three years, she worked to save money to finish college and then returned.
“She was wiser, with more self-confidence and determination that nothing would stand in her way of becoming a geologist,” said her mother, Olivia, who served as a surgeon's assistant in the U.S. Army.
Freeman says she is thankful for the education and support she received at Wright State.
“My path was a long and arduous one, but I feel like I am finally achieving the goals that I set out for myself all those years ago,” she said. “I want to remind students that they should never give up on themselves or their dreams because one day they will materialize into reality.”
The big moments of historical importance don't go unremarked, but quieter milestones often pass with little notice unless we stop to commemorate them and note their significance.
On July 1, one of those modest but meaningful events occurred when New Orleans marked a change that might sound like a dry bureaucratic reshuffling, but is in fact a remarkable event in the history of American education.
Recall that nearly 13 years ago, one of the effects of the Hurricane Katrina cataclysm was to largely wipe out the city's abysmal public schools. New Orleans' educational system was essentially rebuilt from the ground up as a laboratory for charter schools — not a school district with a few charters sprinkled among traditional institutions, but an almost wholly charter-filled system largely run by the state of Louisiana.
The Recovery School District experiment proved successful; New Orleans public schools have improved faster than those of any other city in the nation over the past decade. But 80 percent of the schools were run by the state's Recovery School District. An indication of the RSD's success — and of New Orleans' resurgence as a thriving metropolitan center — was the state's decision to hand over responsibility for the school district to a locally elected school board on July 1.
By 2020, the last two district-operated schools will have converted to charters, and the Orleans Parish School Board will oversee the nation's first school district composed entirely of charter schools.
The contrast with pre-Katrina education in New Orleans is dramatic. In 2005, Orleans Parish public schools ranked next-to-last in performance among Louisiana's 68 parishes. In 2004, 60 percent of public school students in New Orleans attended a school with a performance score in the bottom 10 percent of the state. Even before the storm, the district was broke, and had been looking for a $50 million line of credit just to meet payroll.
Louisiana turned this dire situation into an opportunity. In 2003, the governor and state legislature had created a Recovery School District to take over the state's worst public schools, including five in New Orleans, which the RSD had turned into charters. After the storm, the legislature placed all but 17 of New Orleans' 127 public schools in the RSD. In 2006, when 25,000 students returned to the city's public schools, 54 percent enrolled in a charter.
Over the next nine years, the RSD handed virtually all its schools over to charter operators, and academic progress surged.
In 2004, 54 percent of public high-school students graduated within four years. In 2017, 73 percent did. In 2004, only 37 percent of high-school graduates from enrolled in college. In 2017, 61 percent of graduates did. Before the storm, only 33 percent of students scored at grade level or above on state exams. By 2017, that number had increased to 59 percent, an improvement rate almost three times as fast as the state's average.
During the transformation between 2004 and 2017, one characteristic has remained constant: The majority of students in New Orleans are economically disadvantaged.
The Orleans Parish School Board won't directly operate schools; school leaders will handle day-to-day operations at charters, so those who know students best will make the decisions that affect their learning. But the district will still play a central role, setting policy and overseeing school quality.
Traditional public-school systems are often bureaucratic behemoths, with administration costs sapping funds that would be better dedicated to students. By contrast, in New Orleans, the district's central office and budget will be a lean operation, required by state charter-school law to devote 98 percent of funds directly to schools, spending only 2 percent on central office administration — because those running schools, not central office staff, know best how to educate children.
As charter schools proliferate across the country, their organization into New Orleans-style charter-only school districts under local control may be the next step in the continuing evolution of American education.
Emily Langhorne is an education policy analyst at the Progressive Policy Institute.
Special To The Washington Post
How does a determined business owner turn a promising product into a behemoth brand?
Maybe there's no one-size-fits-all solution, but there are a few common factors that often come into play — starting with a can-do founder spirit, product quality, marketing, and distribution.
Enter Nailah Ellis-Brown, founder of Ellis Island bottled tea. After eight years of building her brand, Ellis-Brown still thinks of her brand as her calling.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Motown makeover part 2: Ellis Island Tea is making a leap 11:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“There is no Plan B." she told MSNBC. "Quitting is not an option. It'll take me dying to give up on this company.”
That's the kind of determination that gives a business founder the strength needed to keep trying new options until they find the one that works.
A Great Story and an Attractive Look
A great story can go a long way to getting customers interested. In Ellis-Brown's case, her exotic tale begins with a recipe handed down from her great-grandfather, Cyril Byron. He developed the drink in the 1920s as chef on the Black Star Line ocean liners founded by Marcus Garvey.
That story then needs to be incorporated into the larger message, or ‘position', to market the drink. So Scott Miller and Craig Binkley joined forces with graphic designers at local Detroit firm, Skidmore Studios. They came up with a twenties-style travel poster look. The label they designed pulled the whole message into an eye-catching design that summed up the product position as “unhurried,” “island,” and “craft:” The smooth hand-crafted taste, the island hibiscus flavor, and the unhurried glamor of the 1920s ocean liner travel all suggest a kind of drink very different from others now on the shelf.
Access to a National Chain Retailer
The next step for Ellis-Brown was distribution. The bottle won't sell if the consumer doesn't see it. Producers from MSNBC's “Your Business” brought buyers from Sam's Club and HMS Host to the table. Those buyers loved the product and they made a commitment to give her a shot on their shelves.
From that point on, it's up to Ellis-Brown to deliver the numbers. If Ellis Island Tea can't sell enough bottles to justify her shelf space, she'll lose their support — and will be back at square one. That goes for any product in any brand. The key for any business owner is to prove their product by delivering big numbers of sales.
PICKENS COUNTY — Pickens County Council passed a resolution to draft a letter asking the Pickens County Delegation to consider submitting a bill to the State House and Senate that would allow newly elected officials to take office sooner.
“Basically we're just asking that the state delegation go back and consider a bill that would allow for members of Pickens County Council to assume their duties as soon after the election as possible,” said County Council Chairman Roy Costner. “In other words you (currently) have an election in November — and you have to wait until January.”
Costner argued the current system didn't work that way for other elected officials like school board members.
During discussion, Councilman Trey Whitehurst expressed concern about the resolution saying it was prudent to first do some research and find out if there was a reason the law was set up with the time gap in the first place.
“I understand we like to get people into office and get them going, but there may be a reason for why it is the way it is,” Whitehurst said.
Costner said, according to the South Carolina Association of Counties, the current system of waiting was not “policy” — but state law.
“It is a law, it's been in place forever — I asked for the reason as to why the law was created and they (SCAC) didn't know,” said Costner. “It's just always been like that.”
Traditionally, an elected official who has been ousted by voters — but their replacement has yet to be sworn in — is known as a “lame duck,” named after an 18th Century stockbroker at the London Stock Exchange who had defaulted on his debts.
The term was first applied to politicians in the 19th Century when the Congressional Globe wrote: “In no event … could (the Court of Claims) be justly obnoxious to the charge of being a receptacle of ‘lame ducks' or broken down politicians.”
It can create an uncomfortable situation in government settings as these officials retain all of the power of their office for the next couple of months — despite voters' wishes.
But, as it turns out, there is a reason for the space between elections and swearing in — and it goes all the way to the top.
Federal and state laws to ensure the peaceful transition of power after an election have changed throughout the years, but they all stem from the Presidential Transition Act of 1963. According to state legislature records, many states — including South Carolina — simply patterned election laws after the national standard.
“This isn't something that we vote on tonight,” Costner said. “This is saying we support the idea.”
The resolution passed unanimously.
County Council passed a resolution to draft a letter asking the Pickens County Delegation to consider submitting a bill to the State House and Senate that would allow newly elected officials to take office sooner. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_PickensCountySCseal-1.jpg County Council passed a resolution to draft a letter asking the Pickens County Delegation to consider submitting a bill to the State House and Senate that would allow newly elected officials to take office sooner. Courtesy photos Traditionally, an elected official who has been ousted by voters — but their replacement has yet to be sworn in — is known as a “lame duck,” named after an eighteenth century stockbroker at the London Stock Exchange who had defaulted on his debts. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_LameDuck.jpg Traditionally, an elected official who has been ousted by voters — but their replacement has yet to be sworn in — is known as a “lame duck,” named after an eighteenth century stockbroker at the London Stock Exchange who had defaulted on his debts. Courtesy photos
By Kasie Strickland [email protected]
Reach Kasie Strickland at 864-855-0355.
Reach Kasie Strickland at 864-855-0355.
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
In a video published online in September, a social scientist named Alex Spectre made an earnest pitch for his new startup. Clad in the Silicon Valley uniform of open-collar shirt and blazer, Spectre boasted that his company -- Philometrics -- would revolutionize the way online surveys were done, making it easier for companies to design questionnaires that people would actually respond to on Facebook, Twitter or other sites. Crucially, he said, the surveys could predict the responses for large groups from a small number of respondents and micro-target ads better.
"The reality is working with big data, social media is incredibly difficult," said Spectre, who more commonly goes by Aleksandr Kogan, which he uses in his role as a Cambridge University researcher. "You want to work with people who have a lot of experience. You want to connect with people who have been working with these massive data sets."
Kogan would know. On Friday, he was suspended by Facebook Inc. for his earlier work mining data on what the New York Times reported was as many as 50 million Facebook users and sharing it with Cambridge Analytica, a political-advertising firm that helped Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Facebook suspended Kogan over allegations that he lied when he said the data would be used for research purposes only. The social network suspended Cambridge Analytica as well.
The boyish-appearing Kogan has been thrown into the center of a scandal that has called into question not only the methods the Trump campaign used to psychoanalyze and target potential voters and win the presidency, but also the practices of Silicon Valley companies in allowing third parties to access and exploit private information.
Facebook has since disabled the feature that let Kogan amass personal data on millions of users when less than 1 percent of those people even downloaded his app. But the episode offers a glimpse into how promiscuous some internet giants actually are with information that many users assume is always kept secret. Government officials in the U.S. and Europe are calling for Facebook Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg to appear in front of lawmakers, and the demands for answers may foreshadow tougher regulation for the social network.
Kogan didn't respond to multiple attempts to reach him for comment. His ill-fated detour from the academic track into the darker corners of social media marketing began in 2014 when U.K.-based Cambridge Analytica turned to Kogan for help. The firm was interested in a data project Kogan had worked on at Cambridge University that was based on research into personality traits and social media.
Kogan, who had moved to the U.S. from Russia as a child and graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 2008 with a degree in psychology before moving to Hong Kong for his doctorate, ultimately joined Cambridge University in 2012, where he remains a research associate in the psychology department, a position he has retained since relocating back to the San Francisco Bay area.
While at Cambridge University, Kogan formed a company in the U.K. called Global Science Research, which created an app called ‘thisisyourdigitallife' that offered Facebook users personality predictions, in exchange for accessing their personal data on the social network and more limited information about their friends -- including their "likes" -- if their privacy settings allowed it. Only about 270,000 people downloaded the app, but the researchers were able to mine the profiles of tens of millions of people through tools Facebook had at the time that gave third parties access to a wide swath of information.
Kogan's company then took the results of those personality surveys and matched them to the users' actual likes on Facebook -- and the likes of their friends -- to build a model predicting personalities based on digital behavior. The company eventually gave Cambridge Analytica a list of millions of people in the U.S., with their names, locations, genders, ages and predicted test scores.
In his 2017 video promoting Philometrics, Kogan touted his team's unique expertise in cracking this code, of predicting the tastes of a large group of people from the responses of a smaller one, which he described as one of the central challenges of doing online research or targeted marketing. "Social media data is incredible in its opportunities, but it's also incredibly challenging," Kogan said in the video.
Until 2014, Facebook's rules let third parties access this back-door channel to friends' data. That year, the company tightened its privacy settings to "ensure that each person decides what information they want to share about themselves, including their friend list." Facebook has worked to counter the description of what happened as a "breach," but the reality is that the underlying act of data scraping by third parties was not only permitted but encouraged by the social network -- raising questions about how many others abused their access to Facebook user information.
For its part, Cambridge Analytica said the Facebook data wasn't used as part of the services it provided to Trump's presidential campaign, adding that it fully complies with Facebook's terms of service and is working with the company to resolve the matter.
A person familiar with Kogan's company's work last year told Bloomberg News that the methodology and data that it gave to Cambridge Analytica was almost useless in predicting individual personalities, because of a high error rate, and that Cambridge Analytica's claim of being able to provide behavioral micro-targeting of ads down to the individual level is more marketing bluster than Big Brother.
The more difficult issue for Facebook is that it had been aware of the controversy over Kogan and Cambridge Analytica's use of the information since 2015, when Facebook demanded he and Cambridge Analytica delete the data. The social network is now dealing with the fallout of being unable to police how collectors of private Facebook data during that time used the information, and whether they followed Facebook's rules about sharing or selling it. Facebook is also investigating whether one of its employees, Joseph Chancellor, who formed Global Science Research with Kogan while Chancellor was a doctoral student at Cambridge University, knew about the data leak. Chancellor is now a social-psychology researcher at Facebook. He didn't respond to a message via LinkedIn seeking comment.
Cambridge University said in a statement that it had no evidence to suggest that Kogan had used university resources or facilities for the Global Science Research work, but that it has contacted Facebook requesting "all relevant evidence in their possession."
The University said that Kogan had sought permission from the head of the psychology department to work with St. Petersburg University on the condition that any grants he received would be "in a private capacity, separate to his work at University of Cambridge."
A person familiar with Kogan's work says he had a grant that allowed him to do minimal teaching in 2017 and 2018, without specifying the source or nature of the award.
In 2015, Kogan and his new wife decided to change their last name to something that reflected their belief in both religion and science, and they settled on Spectre, six months before the James Bond film of the same name came out, and long before Russian election meddling dominated the news. A person close to Kogan said the name change had nothing to do with the controversy surrounding his work. "What person would change their name to a Bond villain," the person said, "to avoid bad press?"
Hue Jackson does not want Browns players protesting national anthem
It has become clear during the preseason that NFL players are going to continue protesting during the playing of the national anthem in 2017, and Cleveland Browns coach Hue Jackson hopes none of his players take part in the demonstrations.
After both Marshawn Lynch and Michael Bennett gained attention over the weekend for sitting during “The Star-Spangled Banner,” Jackson was asked for his thoughts on the subject. While he said he understands why players have gone that route, he would prefer that no one on his team join them.
“I think everybody has a right to do, and I get it, but the National Anthem means a lot to myself personally, the organization and our football team,” Jackson said, per Dan Labbe of Cleveland.com. “I hope — again I can't speak, I haven't really talked to our team about it — I would hope that we don't have those issues.”
Jackson hinted that he believes a Browns player kneeling or sitting during the national anthem would create a distraction for the team.
“I understand there is a lot going on in the world. I like to just keep it here. What we deal with, we try to deal with as a team in our closed environment. We talk about things,” he said. “Hopefully, that won't happen. I can't tell you it won't happen, but I just know our guys, and I don't think that is where our focus is. We hope the things that are going on in the world get ironed out, but I know right now we are doing everything we can to get our football team better.”
Lynch sat on a cooler while the national anthem was being played, and Oakland Raiders head coach Jack Del Rio said it is a “non-issue” for the team but made it clear he doesn't agree with the decision. Bennett explained why he will continue to protest throughout the season.
Jackson can't be the only coach who wants his players to refrain from making a political statement, but he may be one of the only ones who will openly admit it.
On October 13 next, members of Housing Action Kildare and others will be sleeping out at Newbridge Town Hall from 7 pm to 7 am to shine a light on homelessness.
They are joining groups across Ireland to raise funds to support the vital work of Focus Ireland and their aim to end homelessness in Ireland.
Family homelessness has reached historic proportions with 2,777 children currently living in emergency accommodation in Ireland, often unable to get to school, rarely getting a home cooked meal and sinking into darkness.
“We are joining Focus Ireland on October 13 to help shine a light of hope on Ireland's changing landscape of homelessness,” said a spokesperson
“Please lend your support by sponsoring our event, or come along and join us at Newbridge Town Hall 7 pm to 7 am. All funds go to Focus Ireland.”
For folks like Kim Zolciak who don't believe that racism is still a thing these days, maybe they should spend time with teens like Noah Crawley and his racist friends.
The 18-year old Florida native decided to ask a Black girl from his school to prom with a sign that read, “If I was black, I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white, so I'm picking u 4 proms.”
Come on Noah. We have to do better than this. This is why racism is still a thing, “let me see what I can get away with”. Smh. #noahcrowley #lowkeyracism pic.twitter.com/tXvnEtcey9 — Cherita Is Random (@cheritaisrandom) April 23, 2018
There's nothing covert about this racism. And the girl he's asking to prom had the nerve to post heart eyes under the photo, as if she condones his behavior. Chillle!
How did kids come up with this stuff?!?! Who's teaching them? — sheryl lee ralph (@thesherylralph) April 24, 2018
Why did she 😍😍 the photo, she's eqequallyad for thinking this is cute and sweet. Ignorance — Hoosier mama (@akearsing) April 24, 2018
As most folks on Twitter pointed out, there were several other ways to go about this, Noah!
Like this Noah.. delivery guy goes to her door, she takes the box, opens it and this is there! See? Sweet, Fun, you can eat it? No racist sign you hold up that you will never live down. So you did not give this much thought right? jesus!! pic.twitter.com/nAaMIN2Fc5 — Private Investigator (@SAHCalifornia) April 23, 2018
We could really go in on little Noah if we wanted. But we're not sure if the kid is ignorant, has no game or just flat out racist. Either way, social media is definitely gonna let him have it for as long as possible.
Both Noah and the young lady in question are being investigated for their trash behavior.
via GIPHY
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
You don't have to be drunk to enjoy a corned beef burger Looking for a taste of St. Patrick's Day, with a twist? Restaurants around the city are putting unique spins on corned beef, taking the salt-cured brisket beyond your usual pub...
Why the Big Apple is the place to be on St. Patrick's Day You don't need luck to find an Irish watering hole in New York City. The Big Apple is overflowing with more Irish pubs per capita than any city in the...
‘Rowdy inebriate' injures bar patron with botched backflip ATHENS, Ga. — A drunken man's attempted backflip in a Georgia bar ended badly. The Athens Banner-Herald cites an Athens-Clarke County police report that says a 22-year-old woman was hit...
Former owner of NYC's loudest bar is new 'night mayor' Mayor Bill de Blasio's bringing the noise. The former owner of what was once labeled the city's loudest watering hole will be the city's first so-called “night mayor.” Ariel Palitz,...
Harlem ramen joint suspends bartender accused of drugging ex-worker's drink A popular Harlem ramen joint says it has suspended one of its bartenders — after a former employee accused him of drugging her drink. “We understand the severity of the...
Baby birthday parties have infested Brooklyn's bar scene On a recent Saturday afternoon, Park Slope's Kings Beer Hall was fêting no fewer than five 1-year-olds' birthdays. The long, wooden tables in the cavernous space were covered in Mickey...
Rooftop lounge opens in historic Beekman Tower A 26th-floor rooftop lounge, Ophelia, has opened in the historic Beekman Tower from Merchants Hospitality and Public Agenda. The 100-seat lounge at 1st Avenue and 49th Street comes with soaring...
This crazy new 'secret' bar is inside an ice cream shop Take a closer look at the neon ice-cream cone lighting up a part of Second Avenue on the Upper East Side. It marks UES., a new scoop shop with a...
The city still hasn't selected a 'nightlife mayor' New Yorkers are still in the dark over who will become the city's first “nightlife mayor.” Mayor Bill de Blasio announced the new post last fall at the uber-hip House...
A judge who lay on a cot as though he were a condemned man on a gurney after issuing an order halting Arkansas' multiple execution plan has been barred from taking up any death penalty-related cases.
The state Supreme Court reassigned the cases from Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen on Monday, days after he participated in the anti-death penalty demonstration outside the governor's mansion. Griffin is being referred to a disciplinary panel.
Griffen did not immediately return a message Monday seeking reaction to the high court's order. He has said he's morally opposed to the death penalty and that his personal beliefs alone shouldn't disqualify him from taking up certain cases.
Griffen's protest has sparked outrage among death penalty supporters, including Republican lawmakers who described it as judicial misconduct.
CLEVELAND — It wasn't midges this time.
It was a mind cramp.
But the damage was just as devastating, both to a Yankees team fighting for its life against the hometown Indians in Game 2 of an American League Division Series, and to the reputation of a manager who had spent much of his tenure enjoying mostly positive reviews.
Exactly 10 years and one day after Joe Torre refused to ask umpires to halt a game when a swarm of microscopic bugs made a collective beeline from Lake Erie to the pitcher's mound, feasting on (and ultimately freaking out) Joba Chamberlain, it seemed some of those old critters might have made a return appearance, settling instead in the nook of Joe Girardi's brain that houses common sense.
Torre had the misfortune of making his faux pas when George Steinbrenner was still alive, and it cost him his job by the time the next week was over. Joe Girardi won't answer to as harsh an authority. But he will have some explaining to do — to his fans, to his players, and to history itself, to a record which will forever insist the Indians won an epic 9-8 thriller Friday night when this should have been a walkover.
“Tough game, but we have no choice to come back from this,” first baseman Greg Bird said, reflecting the mood in a clubhouse trying desperately not to look as despondent as it felt. “We get to go home now, which will be an advantage for us.”
(Note to Girardi: steer clear of talk radio for a day or two. Or forever.)
Girardi was the main culprit because he's the guy who wears the annual Yankees goal — No. 28 — on his back, for the world to see and, on occasions like this, to aim arrows at. He wasn't alone. The Yankees built an 8-3 lead in the sixth inning, and five-run playoff leads don't just disappear because the manager makes a bad decision.
In this case, for instance, that bad decision just made four-fifths of the lead disappear.
Two quick strikes from Chad Green to pinch hitter Lonnie Chisenhall. Four gritty foul balls from Chisenhall, stone cold after 2 ½ hours on the bench. And then: an inside pitch, Green to Chisenhall: Green grunted on the mound at the pitch — “Awful mistake,” he said — but thought it was just ball one. From his reaction, so did Chisenhall, who didn't make a motion toward first.
But home plate umpire Dan Iassogna gestured to first. He thought Chisenhall had been hit by the ball. And it turns out everyone was wrong: the ball had hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat, deflected into Gary Sanchez's mitt. Should've been strike three. Should've been end nine, Yankees still up five. Sanchez tried to argue that point. Nobody, it seems, was listening.
It's a reviewable play. The Yankees still had two reviews left. Girardi later said the super slow motion version of the play was slow in coming. He added a little nonsense about being an old catcher, not wanting to interrupt his player's rhythm.
Ten years ago, Torre said he never even considered asking Bruce Froemming, the home plate ump, to stop the game so the midges could retreat, and Froemming wasn't inclined to do so if asked, terming the bugs “irritants, like light rain.” In reality, Torre had no recourse.
But admitting what he did went a long way toward drilling the final stake in his fate.
Girardi had no such restraint. He had two challenges burning holes in his pocket. It's like a football coach ending a game with unused time-outs. It makes no sense. Asked if he regretted not doing that Girardi said: “I guess I could have,” and let's just say it is good that this Joe is working for a different Steinbrenner than the last one was.
Of course, this didn't force Green to immediately surrender a grand slam that Francisco Lindor hit off the right-field foul pole, immediately turning this from footnote to folly. It didn't force David Robertson to admit he was annoyed at an Iassogna call that left Jay Bruce with a 3-and-1 count instead of 2-2, at which point Bruce promptly deposited the next pitch in the bleachers to tie it at 8-8.
Didn't force Ronald Torreyes to commit one of the worst base-running blunders you'll ever see, getting picked off (as a pinch runner, no less!) with no outs in the 11th. And didn't force the Yanks to go scoreless across the game's final eight innings. You'll think about all of that if winter arrives ahead of schedule in a few days.
But what you'll remember most was the madness that replaced the midges, 10 years and one day later. That one'll be forever.
GECOM Corriverton building collapses while under repairs
– contract reportedly awarded to mechanic
The Corriverton, Berbice office of the Guyana Elections Commission (GECOM) collapsed on Saturday while under repairs.
While no one was injured, workers and others reportedly had to rescue a man who was trapped under the structure.
However, it is also being reported that the contract was awarded to a mechanic from the Corentyne area who then sub-contracted it out to another contractor.
According to persons familiar with the incident, work to repair and raise the building started about two weeks ago.
It was after lunch time on Saturday that while workers were ‘jacking up' the structure that it came crashing down.
The building is said to be an old one.
An official of the Mayor's office said that he heard of the collapse and promised to investigate.
The official was unable to say if permission was granted to raise the building or conduct repairs.
The official did note that if such a request came it likely would not have been green-lighted, as the building was an old one.
Rather, GECOM would have been told that it would have been better to build a new building.
If it is indeed true that GECOM awarded the contract to a mechanic, it would raise eyebrows as the entity which manages general and local government elections in Guyana is under investigation for questionable procurement practices for its procurement not only communication radios but stationery, batteries, pliers and a host of other supplies to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars.
In fact, a $100M purchase of outdated communication radios investigated by state auditors suggested significant wrongdoings.
With a new Chairman, Justice (Ret'd) James Patterson sworn in recently, it is widely expected the commissioners will deliberate on the report of the state auditors who are also investigating other purchases to the tune of millions of dollars.
Already, Auditor General Deodat Sharma, has committed to hand the report to police for further investigations if the commissioners fail to act.
A patient and two ambulance staff have been injured after a private ambulance overturned, Kent Police have said.
Police, fire and ambulance crews were sent to the scene in Ramsgate and the air ambulance was also scrambled.
South East Coast Ambulance (Secamb) said the crash on the A299 at about 01:30 GMT involved a private provider vehicle working on behalf of the trust.
Secamb said it was working with the provider and police to understand the circumstances of the crash.
The private provider has not yet been named.
The ambulance was taking the patient to hospital in Margate, but all three injured men were taken to Ashford for hospital treatment after the crash.
Police said the road, the A299 Hengist Way, was closed overnight but was due to reopen on Saturday.
A Secamb spokeswoman said: "A patient was being transported at the time to [hospital] and suffered a leg injury as a result of the incident.
"The two crew suffered head injuries. No other vehicle was involved in the incident."
The New York Police Department has one person in custody in relation to an explosive device detonating Monday morning.
The New York Police Department has one person in custody in relation to an explosive device detonating Monday morning.
The New York Police Department has one person in custody in relation to an explosive device detonating Monday morning. (Source: FDNY/Twitter)
The New York Police Department has one person in custody in relation to an explosive device detonating Monday morning. (Source: FDNY/Twitter)
Explosion in New York subway near Times Square; suspect in custody
Explosion in New York subway near Times Square; suspect in custody
By COLLEEN LONG
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A intelligence memo is photographed in Washington, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. After President Donald Trump declassified the memo, the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee released it based on classified information that alleges the FBI abused U.S. government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference. Susan Walsh AP Photo
ATHENS, Greece — Greek authorities say they have seized roughly two tons of Albania-grown marijuana on an Italian-flagged yacht destined for the Aegean Sea islands.
The coast guard says the seizure followed a tip-off and took place early Friday south of the Greek island of Kythera, at the entrance to the Aegean.
It was one of the largest quantities of marijuana ever confiscated in Greece.
A coast guard statement says the motorized yacht departed from an Italian port and picked up the drugs in Albania, which is a major producer of illegal marijuana.
The two-man crew, an Italian and an Albanian national, were arrested.
The yacht was impounded.
Not the actual boat, but to get you in the mood:
WHAT: Our readers voted Joe's Stone Crab as the "Best Miami Beach restaurant" and as having the "Best Crab Dish" in South Florida.
WHY: Joe's Stone Crab has been serving Miami Beach locals and tourists since 1913, and some patrons come so often that they have regular tables. The menu at this family run restaurant ranges from seafood and kale to steak and soups. Owner Stephen Sawitz said it's "kind of fast-paced, old-school kind of restaurant. Everything's just made in-house, that's just the way it's done."
WHERE: 11 Washington Ave., Miami Beach
CONTACT: 305-673-0365; JoesStoneCrab.com
Get social with SouthFlorida.com on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat (SoFlaSnaps).
Hannibal Buress' Set Was Cut After Inappropriate Joke
Hannibal Buress had his comedy set cut short prematurely just minutes into his show at Loyola University Chicago this past weekend.
According to the university, Buress began his comedy routine at the Catholic school displaying the email from school officials that outlined all the restrictions for the performers. In the outline it banned topics included discussing sexual assault, rape, race, and sexual orientation in any of the performances.
Buress' mic was cut after he made a joke about priests sexually abusing children within the Catholic Church. Buress attempted to continue performing despite having no microphone and the officials running the event increased the mic noise until he left the stage.
Audience members upset with the mic being cut began chanting “we want refunds,” Buress returned to the stage and made jokes about his microphone being cut and later received a standing ovation from the crowd.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Coachella revelers used the “Find My iPhone” app to track down an alleged phone thief during the festival over the weekend, California police said.
The music fans followed Reinaldo De Jesus Henao around the grounds until he was detained by security workers at the event, Indio police said. Police said they found more than 100 cellphones in Henao's backpack.
“A bunch of people activated their ‘find my phone' and pointed at, ‘Hey, it's that guy, my phone, my dot, it's moving with that guy,' ” Indio police Sgt. Dan Marshall said
Henao, 36, of New York, was arrested on suspicion of grand theft and possession of stolen property, the Los Angeles Times reported.
Police said several phones were returned and the others were left at the lost and found.
Four foreign nationals were reportedly shot in Macerata on Saturday morning.
Multiple foreign nationals were injured in a drive-by shooting in the Italian city of Macerata on Saturday.
The first shots were fired from a car at around 11:10 a.m. local time, according to newspaper Corriere della Sera, with two "young black immigrants" targeted. Two more people were injured in different places as the attacker drove around the city, which is about 125 miles east of Rome.
According to reports four people have been wounded.
A man has been arrested and "investigations are underway" into the attack, according to Italy's national police force.
Police tweeted a picture of the alleged gunman, who appeared to be wearing an Italian flag.
#Macerata fermato uomo dalle pattuglie delle Forze dell'Ordine. Sono in corso accertamenti investigativi
Police did not confirm the number of those injured, but said all were foreign nationals and that one had undergone surgery.
#Macerata i feriti accertati sono di nazionalità straniera. Subito soccorsi sono ora in ospedale
Macerata's mayor Romano Carancini had earlier warned residents to stay indoors until further notice.
"There's an armed man in the car shooting in town," he wrote on Facebook. "We stopped public transport. We asked schools to keep children inside until further notice. It is recommended not to pick them up until further notice."
— This is a developing story, check back for updates.
Contact Hazel Shearing at hazel.shearing@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Staff at an industrial site on the Croydon and Sutton border were "safely evacuated" when a major fire took hold inside a building.
Firefighters and officers from the London Fire Brigade (LFB) were called to Conway Asphalt plant, on Coomber Way, at 8.46am on Tuesday (April 24).
A filtration system within the plant was completely alight when crews arrived, and 21 firefighters and officers in four engines spent three hours tackling the blaze to bring it under control.
The system was totally destroyed in the fire.
Crews from Wallington, Croydon, Norbury and Woodside fire stations all attended the scene, and had the fire under control by 11.43am.
(Image: Craig Simpson)
A LFB spokesman said there are no reports of anyone injures as a result of the blaze.
While the fire was ongoing, Coomber Way continued to be open to the public, while Conway trucks and workers could be seen entering and leaving the building after a temporary while the firefighters contained the fire.
The Advertiser understands that the fire only caused damaged the inside of the building, with no visible signs of damage on the outside.
Our reporter who attended the scene could not smell any smoke in the area either.
It is also understood that the fire did not impact any nearby business.
The site has "cease operation" while the LFB investigate the cause of the fire.
FM Conway have confirmed the fire took place at its asphalt plant.
(Image: Craig Simpson)
FM Conway have confirmed the fire took place at its asphalt plant.
A spokesman said: “A fire took hold within the filter system of our Croydon asphalt plant.
“The fire brigade was on site within ten minutes and the fire is now under control.
“In line with our safety protocol, the plant has ceased operation and all employees have been safely evacuated as a precaution.
“We're now working with the fire service to investigate the cause of the incident.”
To see how the events of the fire unfolded, take a look at our live blog here.
In the Alabama Republican Senate race, every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump.
But in Tuesday's primary, the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president, while it's the incumbent, an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff, who has Trump's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's favorite candidate.
That's the conundrum of the Republican contest, largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore, a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice; Sen. Luther Strange, appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Rep. Mo Brooks, who's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president's attacks against the Senate's top Republican have intensified recently.
Moore has consistently polled atop the field, and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff. His ads sound downright Trumpian, promising to "drain the swamp" and taking a swipe at D.C. elites.
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too. He first gained national notoriety when he refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order; Moore himself was then removed from his position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003. He won election to the same post again in 2012, but was then suspended after he ordered judges to enforce the state's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution. He resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange.
To state observers, it's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be his typical conservative base in the state.
"Alabama voters supported Trump because he spoke his mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government," said Brent Buchanan, a GOP strategist and pollster in the state. "Out of all the candidates, Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics. You may not agree with all of his policy or personal preferences, but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes."
That's why it was so, well, strange last week when Trump tweeted out his support for Strange, saying the incumbent has his "complete and total endorsement!"
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC. The very next day after endorsing Strange, Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Strange has tried to prove his loyalty to the president ever since he was appointed under less than auspicious circumstances. As Alabama's attorney general, Strange was investigating then-Gov. Robert Bentley for misuse of his office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions. Facing impeachment, Bentley eventually resigned, and the new governor, Kay Ivey, moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term.
Polling done in the wake of Trump's surprise endorsement showed that the president's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange. One by cygnal, Buchanan's firm, conducted partly after the endorsement, showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables, Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit.
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday, which could be key in what's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair.
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange.
However, although he's slipping in polling, Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore. He's hitched a "Ditch Mitch" banner to his campaign bus in the final days, and in his closing ad he echoes Trump's frustration with McConnell's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal.
"McConnell and Strange are weak, but together we can be strong," Brooks says. "Mr. President, isn't it time we tell McConnell and Strange, 'You're fired?'"
Ultimately, the Huntsville-area congressman hasn't had the resources the other two candidates have had, and he hasn't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange. And, perhaps most damaging, he was certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year, during which he supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. McConnell's super PAC has pointed that out in ads, saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.
If Strange does fall short of the runoff, University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart, a longtime political observer in the state, said that's a big problem for McConnell. And, if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff, expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange, too.
"The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell, as the president says, hasn't been successful at pushing through the president's agenda, " Stewart said. "If Strange doesn't make the runoff, that's a definite blow to McConnell," more so than Trump.
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff, and that's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given his surprising endorsement. Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts his muscle behind Strange later, and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost.
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though, they'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election, even if it's the more controversial Moore. Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, though he could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr., a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family.
If Moore is the GOP nominee, it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart, the former University of Alabama professor, said is doubtful, and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South.
"Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here," Stewart said. "I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner."
The digs that Hollywood superstar Marilyn Monroe briefly called home during her short-lived marriage to New York Yankees legend Joe DiMaggio in 1954 has been transformed into a $1,200-a-night hotel room at the Lexington Hotel.
It's now known as the Norma Jeane Suite, after Monroe's given name.
Following their honeymoon, they settled into the Lexington, located at 511 Lexington Ave. at 48th Street.
This 600-square-foot suite — which features a living room, a dining area, a 200-square-foot private terrace — is also where Marilyn lived when she shot her iconic skirt-blowing scene in “The Seven Year Itch,” which was filmed just a few blocks away on Lexington Avenue and 52nd Street.
Vintage photos and memorabilia act as a shrine to the couple.
The suite, formerly called the Centerfield, was available to rent before; the new facelift is courtesy of interior design firm Fringe.
The franchise cornerstone was sick and tired of the losing, of the dysfunction, of the relentless assault on his pride as a professional. He had grown tired of New York, but he had really grown weary of the Knicks, and of Madison Square Garden, the corporate cartoon that kept letting him down. He'd had enough.
“I want out,” Patrick Ewing said.
This was July 1991, and Ewing's frustrations had boiled and bubbled far longer than Kristaps Porzingis' have. Ewing already had put in six hard years at the Garden, already had won a playoff series, already had initiated what would become a remarkable rivalry with the Bulls. And he already had been turned on by Knicks fans, who famously showered the Garden floor with life-sized posters.
Ewing had tried to get the NBA to void the four remaining years of his contract, he was so fed up with what he saw happening with the Knicks. In his mind, he already had been traded. Now, in a hotel room in Washington, D.C., he hoped to make that abundantly clear to his visitor, a man whose impressive résumé had thus far left Ewing unmoved.
“I want you to think about something,” Pat Riley told Ewing that day nearly 26 years ago. “I want you to close your eyes and think of a championship parade on Broadway and what that would mean to New York City and what that would mean to you.”
Riley would achieve one of his most important coaching victories that afternoon, selling Ewing on spending the rest of his prime chasing that vision of a million people gathered along the Canyon of Heroes. It really doesn't matter the closest Ewing ever came to that was witnessing the Rangers' parade in 1994, a few days before his own best chance at a title would expire. And it doesn't matter the Riley-Ewing partnership was but a tantalizing blip on the screen of Knicks history.
What matters is this:
Before Phil Jackson does anything else as the president of the Knicks, before he figures out where he is drafting and whom he is drafting, before he figures out what to do about Carmelo Anthony, before he figures out how to best hypnotize players who detest the triangle so they will learn to embrace the triangle, he has one priority to tend to.
He has to make things right between himself and Porzingis.
That doesn't mean Porzingis was right to blow off his exit meeting last week. Porzingis' intentions may have been pure, but his result was insubordination, and that can't be applauded. There's more to being a professional than getting paid, and there will come a time when he will understand that.
That said, he is clearly unhappy.
And the Knicks cannot afford to have Porzingis unhappy, even if he has two years left on his contract, even if he won't have full control over his future work destinations for two years after that. This is a pretty basic truth: The Knicks need Porzingis — they need his continued development, but more important, they need his continued commitment. Their future depends on it.
I thought it was a little odd Friday, during Jackson's State of the Disunion press conference, when I asked him this question: “If you do move Carmelo, do you believe Porzingis is ready to be the franchise's foundation?”
“No,” Jackson replied. “He's 21 years old. That's a big load for anybody to take on.”
Well, unless Courtney Lee or Ron Baker is prepared to take some kind of unprecedented quantum leap, a post-Melo Knicks team that doesn't revolve around Porzingis will really be something to behold, so he can't possibly mean that. Of course, what we learned a little later that day is that Jackson had just been stood up, and shown up, by that same 21-year-old. That could make any boss a little testy.
Still, if his feelings were hurt? Tough. If he has a bad taste in his mouth because of Porzingis' immaturity? That's the price you pay. Twenty-six years ago, Pat Riley swallowed his pride and locked away his four championship rings and essentially begged Patrick Ewing and his 10 ring-free fingers to honor his contract and re-up his commitment to the Garden circus.
That probably wasn't the favorite day of his career, but it was one of the most important. Jackson already has shown an inability to lure anyone else's good players into a meeting. He'd better figure out how to do so with one of his own. That would be a start, anyway.
By William Booth | Washington Post
LONDON – British police declared a “major incident” early Wednesday after a man and woman in their 40s were believed to have been exposed to an “unknown substance” near the historic town of Salisbury in south England.
Counterterrorism investigators from the Metropolitan Police have been dispatched to assist.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Authorities said the two, who were found unconscious over the weekend, are in critical condition in the same Salisbury hospital where the former Russian spy and double agent Sergei Skripal and his adult daughter, Yulia, were treated after being poisoned by the Soviet-era nerve agent known as Novichok four months ago.
After a lengthy treatment, the Skripals were released from the hospital and continue to recover in an undisclosed location, protected by British authorities. Prime Minister Theresa May blamed Russia for the nerve agent assault against the Skripals.
It is unclear whether there is any connection between the Skripal attack and the current incident. Police said tests were ongoing to discover what sickened the two people in the latest case of a suspected poisoning.
British newspapers reported that samples were taken to the nearby U.K. military research center at Porton Down, the same facility that helped identify the nerve agent in the Skripal case.
A spokesman for the prime minister said the incident “is being treated with the utmost seriousness.”
A special national security committee met on the matter Wednesday morning.
“Based upon the number of casualties affected, it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public,” said the Wiltshire Police, adding that it was not yet known whether the two were the victims of a crime.
Officials said the officers were keeping “an open mind” to see where the evidence leads them.
“Emergency services were called to an address in Muggleton Road, Amesbury on Saturday evening (June 30) after a man and woman, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property,” the police said.
Officials did not say why they had waited four days to declare a “major incident.”
“Wiltshire Police and partners have this evening declared a major incident after it is suspected that two people might have been exposed to an unknown substance in Amesbury,” police said.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
The NRL has agreed to register the contract of Kieran Foran to play with the New Zealand Warriors this season.
However, Foran will not be permitted to play until Round Three and his return is subject to a further psychological assessment to ensure he is in the right frame of mind to play in the NRL.
NRL CEO Todd Greenberg and Warriors Managing Director Jim Doyle said they had worked closely over the last four months on a rehabilitation programme to help Foran overcome the problems which saw him drop out of the game last year, when he was a Parramatta player.
“I have always said that my priority is ensuring Kieran's wellbeing – and his football career is secondary,” said Greenberg.
“The expert advice we recently received indicates that Kieran's recovery has reached the point where he is physically and mentally fit to return to Rugby League.
“Consequently, we have today registered his contract to play with the Warriors in 2017.
“However, we want to be doubly sure that Kieran is in the right state of mind and have therefore decided to defer his return to the NRL until Round Three so a further psychological assessment can be made.
“Kieran will only be allowed to play again in the NRL if that assessment is positive. Conditions will also be placed on his contract relating to integrity matters following the review of his gambling associations last year.”
Doyle said Foran had made significant progress since joining the Vodafone Warriors last year and the club continues to provide internal and external support.
“Naturally, we are keen to see Kieran back on the field as soon as possible but we have always shared the NRL's view that the most important thing is to ensure Kieran is mentally and physically ready for the demands of the NRL,” added Doyle.
“We have seen Kieran's progress over the last few months and we are confident he will be ready for Round Three.
“Kieran has already become an integral part of the Warriors squad off the field and his teammates will be thrilled to see him back on the field.”
Foran said he was delighted that his contract had been registered.
“Naturally I would love to return in Round One because I love Rugby League and I love being part of the Warriors squad,” he said.
“But both the Warriors and NRL have put my welfare first throughout so I am just happy that my contract is registered and I now have a date for my return.”
CENTERVILLE, Ohio (WDTN) — The Montgomery County Coroner has been called to the scene of a house fire in Centerville.
The fire started just before 4 a.m. on Tuesday in the first block of Coachman Drive.
Flames and smoke were seen coming from the home. A neighbor says the flames appeared to be located near a bedroom of the home.
We have a crew on the way to the scene and we'll have updates as they become available.
Mayor de Blasio's plan to create 100,000 'good paying' jobs begins with an investment in an industrial part of the Brooklyn waterfront. The new hub for film and fashion will be built along the river in Sunset Park at the Bush Terminal. Gus Rosendale has a closer look.
GALVESTON, Texas - A woman accused of setting a man on fire in Galveston was arrested and charged Monday.
Nancy Allen, 50, turned herself in to Galveston County officials around 8 p.m. Monday.
A man called the Galveston Police Department on the morning of Nov. 28, saying someone had just lit him on fire, officers said.
Officials received the 911 call just before 6 a.m. from a man in the 500 block of 21st Street, according to a news release from police.
Authorities from the Galveston Fire Department and Galveston EMS found the man with burns on his hands and face. Some of this clothing was still on fire, police said.
The victim, whose identity has not been released, was taken to the John Sealy Emergency Room.
He expected to survive, officers said.
Police said they pursued “a solid lead” and knew Allen to be a suspect.
She is in Galveston County jail, charged with aggravated family assault with a weapon, a first-degree felony offense.
Allen's bond is set at $250,000.
If convicted, she could face five to 99 years in prison and be ordered to pay a $10,000 fine, police said.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Branch Chief Marketing Officer (B-CMO) at XpatFunds – Akwa Ibom
XpatFunds, is recruiting to fill the position of: Branch Chief Marketing Officer (B-CMO). The position is located in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State. Interested candidates should possess a first degree/HND in any of the Social Sciences, with at least 5 years work experience.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Hotnigerianjobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Trump on Monday traveled to New Hampshire to rail against drug dealers responsible for the deadly opioid epidemic devastating the US — vowing “tough action” including the death penalty.
“We have to get tough on those people because we can have all the blue ribbon committees we want, but if we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we are wasting our time. Just remember that. We're wasting our time. [And] that toughness includes the death penalty,” Trump told a crowd in Manchester.
New Hampshire ranks third per capita in the US — behind West Virginia and Ohio — in drug overdose deaths, and the president campaigned on the issue prior to the election.
He also stressed prevention programs and treatment for those already addicted.
The president also suggested public service commercials and programs that would scare people away from addictive drugs
“This is something that I have been very strongly in favor of, spending a lot of money on great commercials showing how so that kids seeing those on television shows or on the internet, when they see these commercials, they say ‘I don't want any part of it,'” he said.
“That's the least expensive thing we can do, where you scare them from ending up like the people in the commercials and will make them very, very bad commercials. We'll make them pretty unsavory situations.”
The president then veered off into politics, claiming that “90 percent” of the heroin in the US comes across the southern border — and castigated Democrats for opposing his border wall and supporting sanctuary cities.
“Eventually the Democrats will agree with us and will build the wall to keep the damn drugs out,” he said.
The White House also unveiled a new video, “Opioids: The Crisis Next Door,” which focuses on the epidemic and allows viewers to share their own stories.
PRESS RELEASES
Reaching a technological and a community-building milestone gives Humaniq reason to be confident for future expansion, as it finds way to cut transaction costs, and a hundred thousandth community members joins.
London, March 20, 2018 – Humaniq has achieved the first working hybrid Blockchain with the 2.0 version of its app, to retain the benefits of the Ethereum main-net while expanding faster.
Humaniq today announces that the recently launched 2.0 version of app is delivered on a unique Hybrid Blockchain. In a technological milestone, it is the first project with a working hybrid Blockchain that is not in prototype or beta-testing stage. Humaniq has successfully solved the problem of scaling ERC20 projects. The new, improved app sits on the Ethereum Blockchain with the unique combination of sidechain solutions in individual African countries, such as Uganda, Senegal, Zimbabwe, Tanzania and Rwanda.
Before, all Humaniq coin transactions were made on the Ethereum main-net. However, the security of a transaction in the main Ethereum network is provided at a cost of about $84.85 at the current rate according to figures that apply until 15th March, 2018. This is a barrier to the App's expansion and to emerging economies entering the 21st Century economy. This is why the company started work on a new architecture that would both allow for HMQ tokens to remain open and accessible on the Ethereum main-net, and also provide an inexpensive method to secure the network – vital to allow its users to make small transactions with transaction fees close to zero.
The solution consists of one, main, HMQ Blockchain, and a number of internal Blockchains where user wallets from different countries are stored and operated together, while remaining identifiable and personalised based on the user's country location. When the capacity of the existing Blockchain due to the volume of transactions gets fulfilled, the system unpacks and boots up the next Blockchain to scale the system horizontally.
It means that transactions can continue to be made in a decentralised and transparent way, necessary to overcoming the cost barriers to expanding financial services to the many regions that banks do not serve. But now there is no ceiling to the growth of Humaniq community and of the use of the app, which has been already downloaded more than 100,000 times from Google Play. It also means the company remains open to any regulatory rules that individual nations may adopt.
“Our development team's proud of this technological first, which brings together the benefits of the Ethereum Blockchain and of individual Blockchains. Our unique solution allows us to serve ever more of the global unbanked population, building on the 100,000 downloads already made – without the costs of providing services of either the miners or the traditional banks,” said Anton Mozgovoy, CTO Humaniq.
ABOUT HUMANIQ
Humaniq is a London-based Fintech firm that provides next generation financial services using its Blockchain-based mobile application to the unbanked and underprivileged in emerging economies globally. Humaniq is focused on worldwide financial inclusion by providing access to global markets, greater opportunities, and novel financial solutions using repurposed technologies for those gaining exposure to financial services for the first time.
Media contact:
Alex Fork office
Pr@humaniq.com
See more at: http://humaniq.com
Join us:
https://www.facebook.com/humaniq.co/
https://humaniq-co.slack.com
https://www.linkedin.com/company/humaniq
https://t.me/HumaniqNews
https://www.reddit.com/r/Humaniq
https://open.kakao.com/o/gR94ctw
Comments
Chris Coleman says he needs to ‘dismantle and rebuild' Sunderland – while battling against insecurities over whether Ellis Short will remain owner.
The Black Cats boss has vowed not to let off the field matters deflect from results as he looks to lead the side away from the relegation zone.
Coleman has taken four points from his first four games on Wearside and has spoken openly of the challenges he faces.
Money to strengthen in January is likely to be severely limited after a summer of intense speculation regarding a potential takeover.
Chairman Short recently told fans in an interview with the club website that he would listen to offers from ‘credible parties'.
Coleman admits there are worries at the club but insists it his responsibility to deliver results on the pitch regardless.
He said: “There are a lot of insecurities.
“Will Ellis be the owner? Will there be a new owner?
“Those are battles we have to fight, and things we have to keep a grip on.
“All I can do is concentrate on what matters, and that is results.”
Despite a punishing couple of years that have left Sunderland at serious risk of back-to-back relegations, Coleman remains optimistic that he can lead the club to success.
He is facing a balancing act between overhauling the squad and football operation so that it is fit for purpose, and delivering an instant impact on the pitch to keep the club in the second tier of English football.
It is a challenge he is adamant he will not shy away from.
He said: “You know what can happen here [mood and success], but unfortunately we are at the other end now.
“It's how do we start building to get back there.
“It is literally dismantling and rebuilding – I can't be any more clear than that.
“We need to do that, but at the same time we have a fight on our hands to get away from where we are now.
“It's like we are in the middle of a tornado.
“I need to settle it and then we can build.”
Via | HipHopDX
Earlier this week, Twitter was abuzz after hearing a snippet of Quavo‘s Joe Budden jab on the song “Ice Tray” from the Quality Control Control The Streets Vol 1 compilation. Now it appears that a video could be in the works and that Migos are looking to cast lookalikes of all three hosts of Everybody Struggle (Joe Budden, Nadeska Alexis, and DJ Akademiks).
The two crews faced off in a now-infamous interview at the 2017 BET Awards in June.
Nadeska herself first brought attention to the ad that appeared on casting website Backstage. Though the specifics of the roles have since been removed from the listing, screenshots are forever.
READ MORE
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Moreover, the trust problem is not a simple matter of racist natives mistrusting foreigners, since social trust is often weakest among minorities — which is one reason why the most diverse generation in American history, the millennials, is also the least trusting. So you can see the political effects of distrust even if you ignore the Trump Republicans entirely: It's one reason why campus politics are so toxic, why Democrats struggle to keep their diverse coalition politically engaged, and why the Bernie-Hillary contest produced so many cries of racism and sexism.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Then linked to these ethno-cultural tensions are the tensions of class, where mass immigration favors stratification and elite self-segregation. In the United States, as in France and England, regions and cities with the largest immigrant populations are often the wealthiest and most dynamic. But this doesn't mean that poorer regions are dying from their own xenophobia, as is sometimes suggested. The hinterlands are also filled with people who might want to move to wealthier regions (or who used to live there) but can't because an immigrants-and-professionals ecosystem effectively prices out the middle class.
It is a testament to immigrants' grit and determination that they can thrive working long hours for low wages while living in crowded housing with long commutes. But the social order of, say, the Bay Area or greater Paris is not one that can serve for an entire country — and it ill-serves not only lower-middle-class natives but also the descendants of the immigrants themselves, whose ability to advance beyond their parents is limited by a continued arrival of new workers who compete with them for jobs and wages and housing.
Thus our rich and diverse states also often feature high poverty rates when their cost of living is considered, while second and third-generation immigrants often drift into the same stagnation as the white working class …
… And they do so out of sight and mind for the winners in this system, who inhabit a world where they only see their fellow winners and their hard-working multiethnic service class. Which in turn encourages them toward mild contempt for their fellow countrymen who don't want to live under a cosmopolitan-ruled caste system, who feel alienated from the Californian or Parisian future.
For some pro-immigration Republicans this contempt is Ayn Randian: We'll all be better off with more hard-working immigrants and fewer shiftless mooching natives. For pro-immigration liberals it's the predictable cultural triumphalism: The arc of history is long, but thanks to immigration we won't have to cater to heartland gun-clingers any longer.
In both cases there's a fantasy of replacement that's politically corrosive, and that's one reason why Donald Trump is president and Jeb! and Hillary are not.
Now all of the foregoing is one-sided. It leaves out the real advantages of immigration, economic and humanitarian, which are part of the policy calculus as well — as is the recent decline in illegal immigration, and the fact that the problems I've identified are more manageable in America than Europe. Hence my own view that keeping current immigration levels while bringing in more immigrants to compete with our economy's winners and fewer to compete for low-wage work represents a reasonable middle ground.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But the calculus is not simple, a middle ground is actually worth seeking, and recent immigration plays a role not only in America's greatness, but in our divisions and disappointments as well.
ABC cancels Roseanne Barr's series after her racist Twitter comment
Los Angeles, May 29 (EFE).- The ABC television network on Tuesday cancelled its remake of the famous “Rosanne” sitcom after its star, Roseanne Barr, posted a racist comment on Twitter.
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show,” said ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey in a press release on Tuesday.
Barr set off a firestorm of controversy when she criticized Valerie Jarrett, an African American who was a top adviser to former President Barack Obama, comparing her to the Muslim Brotherhood and the film “Planet of the Apes” having a child.
Barr, who has been a vocal defender of President Donald Trump, erased the message from her Twitter account, apologized and said she was leaving Twitter.
“I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks. I should have known better. Forgive me – my joke was in bad taste,” said Barr in a Twitter post, although obviously that was not sufficient for ABC.
Many others also criticized Barr, including some members of her own series.
“Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least,” said actress and “Roseanne” executive producer Sara Gilbert on Twitter.
Film and TV figures such as Zoe Saldaña, Debra Messing, Don Cheadle and Kumail Nanjiani also criticized the actress for her remark.
Disney, the owner of ABC, also gave the green light to cancelling the series via CEO Bob Iger, who said that it was the correct move.
“Roseanne,” one of the classics of US television for nine seasons from late 1980s and early 1990s, returned to the small screen in March with new episodes that reassembled many from the original cast, including Barr, John Goodman and Gilbert.
The debut of the remake drew 18.2 million viewers, making it the most successful recent sitcom, outpacing “Will & Grace,” with 10.2 million viewers for its debut episode, and “Young Sheldon,” the prequel to “The Big Bang Theory,” with 17.2 million.
According to the Nielsen consulting firm, “Roseanne” has been the most-viewed series in the US so far this year.
Assessing Donald Trump's proposed economic policies in a recent article for the Weekly Standard magazine, economist Irwin Stelzer defended protectionism, but criticized displays of what he called the “Caudillo Capitalism” often seen in authoritarian regimes.
Protectionism has always been part of capitalist theory and practice. Adam Smith, arguably the founder of free trade, clearly defended retaliation against countries that imposed tariffs. Stelzer quotes Smith on lifting tariffs after a period of successfully imposing them: “The recovery of a great foreign market will generally more than compensate the transitory inconvenience of paying dearer during a short time for some sorts of goods.”
If theory allows for tariffs, the real world justifies them. Chinese factories, for example, are heavily subsidized with capital from highly subsidized state banks. Those factories sell goods at prices made even lower by the manipulation of currency. Moreover, the Chinese-made goods Americans buy at Wal-Mart and elsewhere are manufactured by a labor force that works under conditions we find intolerable for U.S. workers.
We also live in a world, Stelzer wrote, where “the price of capital is determined by central banks, and the price of labor is set in an unequal bargain between the workman/seller of labor and the buyer, especially now that the power of trade unions in industries manufacturing tradable goods is not what it once was.”
Moreover, politicians cannot ignore a public sense that the trading system is working against the middle class. But if some form of protectionism is tolerable under the theory of capitalism, the type of “Caudillo Capitalism” that President-elect Donald Trump may instill is not.
How credit scores predict what you will buy next (2:22) For decades, FICO has used big data and mathematical algorithms to calculate people's three-digit credit scores. Now it's using the same technology to predict whether a consumer's likely to buy a product in-store or click on a link online.
Imposing tariffs results from a formal political process, after all. But executives of companies seeking deals like the one Trump gave to the Carrier Corporation UTX, -0.84% are already saying they will stay at Trump's hotel in Washington, D.C. CEO's may also pander to an interventionist president rather than make the most efficient use of capital. Therein, Stelzer says, “lies the basis of Maduro's Venezuela, the Castro's Cuba, Putin's Russia, and other failed economies.”
Indeed, such pay-to-play behavior is presumably what distressed many voters about the Clinton Foundation, which contributed to Hillary Clinton's defeat.
Columnist Felix Salmon puts America's possible direction plainly when he writes that “what we're experiencing now is a dizzying move to a Russia-style capitalism where, more than ever, success in business is associated with being close to the government and to the family of the president.” The tech summit in December, where technology business leaders gathered at Trump Tower, was a good example, Salmon says, of CEOs knowing how to voice support for the new administration because this type of capitalism is “depressingly common in other parts of the world.”
Salmon predicts that the World Economic Forum in Davos later this month will bring “capitulation” and resignation among business and economic leaders to the realities of Trump's election and the “rise of isolationism and nativism around the world.” Global elites, Salmon adds, have always succeeded by working with governments, not via principled stances against them.
The transition to a Trump administration is progressing, and yet there is a legitimate sense of unease that the U.S. is entering into a political phase that represents a momentous break with its past. Presidents have not traditionally told CEOs how to run their businesses in the U.S. — that's one reason why the U.S. is one of the least-corrupt countries in the world.
The man who was given the George Medal for trying to stop the murder of MP Jo Cox has died, his family says.
Bernard Kenny was stabbed as he intervened when Thomas Mair attacked Mrs Cox in Birstall, West Yorkshire in 2016.
Mr Kenny's son said the 79-year-old, who was honoured in June, had died on Monday morning.
Mair stabbed Mrs Cox, the MP for Batley and Spen, 15 times and shot her three times.
Former defense minister Moshe Ya'alon said that he intends to run for public office in the upcoming elections, which have yet to be announced.
Speaking at a culture event on Saturday held in Ramat HaSharon, Ya'alon said, “I will run for a position of leading the country, I'm now building my political base, canvassing the country. When we'll know when the elections will be held we will reveal the other candidates and the name of the party.”
Ya'alon also stated that “The Iranians are willing to fight until the last Lebanese and the last Syrian [man] to reach their Shiíte goals.”
He made the point that this is similar to the way the late ruler of Syria Hafez Assad was willing to engage Israel near the Lebanese border while avoiding direct conflict with Israel in the Golan Heights.
“I believe that the [current] government policy on this issue is the right policy but one must stand guard,” he said.
He expressed regret that Israel is facing what he regards as a crisis of leadership and claimed that “leadership is [doing] what is right, and not what is useful or popular at the moment.”
European stocks traded higher on Monday, driven largely by gains for banks across the board, though volumes were expected to be thin as many traders remained out for an extended New Year's break.
Trading was shuttered in London and the U.S. on Monday. Both return to action on Tuesday.
After logging the first annual loss since 2011 — closing 1.2% lower for 2016 — the Stoxx Europe 600 index SXXP, +0.47% rose 0.5% to 363.26. Banks were a driver, with the Stoxx Europe 600 Bank sector FX7, +0.61% up 0.7% in early trade.
Movers & Shakers: Italian banks were rising after Reuters reported, citing several Italian newspapers, that troubled Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena SpA BMPS, -7.48% will issue €15 billion ($15.77 billion) of debt in 2017 to help boost confidence and liquidity. The bank's shares remain suspended from trading.
The Italian government recently announced a plan to rescue the bank using taxpayer money. European Central Bank Governing Council member Jens Weidmann last week warned that the bank must be put on a sound long-term footing without breaching European Union rules on state aid.
Markets have been grappling with fears that mountains of bad loans in Italy could spark a financial crisis in Europe, but banks staged a stellar rally in the last few months of the year as investors looked ahead to higher yields and looser regulations.
Read: European breakdown? Why the continent's stocks are actually set for a solid 2017
Banco Poplare di Milano PMI, -0.72% jumped 6%, Mediobanca SpA MB, -1.62% rose 2.3%, and UniCredit SpA UCG, +2.05% rose 2.4%.
German banks also got a lift, with Commerzbank AG CBK, +3.05% up 3.2% and Deutsche Bank AG DB, +1.57% DBK, +1.72% rising 2.2%.
National indexes: Italy's FTSE MIB I945, +1.28% rose 1.3% to 19,494, and Germany's DAX 30 index DAX, +0.81% added 0.9% to 11,578.89.
France's PX1, +0.31% rose 0.2% to 4,875.11, while Spain's IBEX 35 index IBEX, +0.52% gained 0.4% to 9,391.10.
Read: These were the best and performing assets of 2016
Economic docket: Eurozone manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index data will be released Monday, while later in the week will see the release of eurozone inflation.
Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin, of Russia, stands on the ice during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between the Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights is scheduled for Wednesday. Ross D. Franklin AP Photo
Hey there. Happy Independence Day! It's me, the guy looking over your shoulder at the barbecue, giving you unsolicited tips on how to perfect your burgers. It's extremely annoying. But in this case, you should listen to me, for I am a known expert on most subjects including this one, and I have a lot of experience on the grill.
Check out the Insta. Made this burger last night:
Made this bacon cheeseburger A post shared by Ted Berg (@ogtedberg) on Jul 3, 2018 at 5:00pm PDT
Looks pretty good, right? No? Well, it tasted awesome. I also grilled this pizza recently:
I smoke dope ribs on the regular:
Point is, I fire up the grill at least once a week pretty much all year long. I grill burgers a lot. I've made a lot of mistakes and figured out how to right most of them, and I'm here, spelling out all I've learned about barbecuing burgers on this website so you don't have to endure the same long, arduous burger journey I did. You didn't ask for this, but I'm doing this for you.
Here are 7 general, unsolicited tips for perfecting your Independence Day burgers on the grill:
1. Find the right meat
This one you might know about already, but one of the biggest rookie mistakes in burger prep comes in meat selection. You see “ground sirloin” in the supermarket and think, “Ooh, how fancy!” Or you think, “well, if I'm going to punish my body with all these burgers, I should probably buy this meat that's 93% lean.” Don't fall for it. A higher fat content in your ground beef makes for more juiciness and more flavor, and the best burgers feature about an 80/20 blend. Fatty cuts of beef like brisket and short rib are great when ground up for burgers, but plain ol' ground chuck works pretty darn well, too.
2. Think thin
I like meat in massive quantities, and so, once upon a time, I would fall victim to temptation and attempt to grill ostentatiously large burgers. That's a mistake: Too often, you wind up with a thick wall of unevenly cooked beef that undermines the inherent deliciousness of the char-grilled burger. I find I'm always better off making thinner patties and stacking them before serving than trying to make one huge burger. I tear the ground beef into balls of about 3-4 ounces each, then flatten them between my hands.
Fatty meat is going to pull together a bit over the heat, so the patties won't really turn out as thin as they seem when you're prepping them. And while there are all sorts of pseudoscientific explanations for the best ways to smash and sear and sous vide and wildly machinate to perfect the burger cook, thin patties make things extremely easy: Throw 'em over hot fire, flip 'em once the juices start pooling on top, throw on your cheese, then pull 'em when the cheese is melted. Speaking of which…
3. Choose cheeses carefully
People knock American cheese, but few if any cheeses better suited a classic, grilled cheeseburger. The “processed cheese food,” you may have noticed, melts evenly without breaking down into cheesy clumps and grease because of — fun fact — an emulsifying salt incorporated into its production by James L. Kraft himself. I'm here to destigmatize American cheese and encourage you to do the same.
But if you're worried about getting judged for it, at least think carefully about about your cheese. Does it melt relatively well? Will it overpower the flavor of the burger and toppings? Cheese exists on a burger to add creaminess, saltiness, and a touch of delightful cheese taste, in my opinion, not to be the dominant force. Don't use more than one slice of cheese per patty, and don't mess around with any thick hunks of cheese.
4. Ditch the briquettes
Another big one. And this one might not be feasible: Maybe you use a gas grill for convenience, or maybe you already have a huge bag of briquette charcoal in your garage and don't intend to buy more until it's empty. But it is this author's strong, strong recommendation that you cook with lump charcoal moving forward. Some people prefer the control that comes with briquettes, maybe, but lump produces better, cleaner flavor and isn't way more expensive. The distinction becomes abundantly clear if you attempt to smoke meat low-and-slow with charcoal, but it's still there — if subtle — on hot cooks.
5. Work the zones
So, look: Sometimes things go awry when you're playing with fire. And if you fill up your whole grill with an evenly distributed layer of burning charcoal, or turn all the gas burners up to an equal temperature, you've got no real recourse for when you're trying to gently toast the buns but also pull the burgers off the grill and you accidentally flip a burger cheese-side down onto the plate and want to adjust but oh, no, now the buns are on fire.
This obviously depends on the size of your grill and how many people you're feeding, but if it's possible, I recommend setting up a multi-zone fire where one side is hotter than the other. It affords so much more flexibility, and a failsafe for when something goes wrong.
6. Remember Ron Swanson
This is probably my favorite scene in Parks and Recreation:
One of the most frustrating things about the direction of restaurant food in general, I think, is the way so much of it now seems catered to Instagram. Stacking tons of disparate ingredients atop a burger might make for a fun photo, but it doesn't necessarily make for a great sandwich. If you're using good meat and preparing it adequately, you really don't need much more.
I hit my patties with a tiny pinch of salt and a turn of black pepper before throwing them on the ground, then follow a hard-and-fast rule for non-cheese, non-condiment toppings: No more than two. If you want to put bacon and avocado on a burger, as I did on the one above, then great. But bacon, avocado, a fried egg, an oyster, and a handful of crushed Doritos piled on there means it's not a burger anymore, it's just a mess. Go easy with all this stuff.
On that note, though: It's fun and extremely easy to make something you can call “special sauce.” Take a dollop of mayonnaise and mix in the dregs of whatever condiments are sitting in your fridge. It almost always comes out a delightful pinkish hue. Last night, I made a burger sauce of mayo, ketchup, sriracha, mustard, barbecue sauce and some hot sauce I got in Barbados. It was delicious.
7. Flip once, rotate twice
This really only matters if you're making hamburgers and not cheeseburgers, because no one's going to see the surface of the burger if there's cheese. But while you want to flip your burgers only once, rotating them about 45 degrees halfway through the cook on each side will make cool cross-hatch grill marks. That's sort of a boring final tip, so here's a bonus one…
BONUS: Follow your heart
You know what a good burger is. Trust your instincts and follow your heart, and ignore the guy standing behind you ensuring you he can do it better.
With all the focus on the 10-year Treasury yield, it's easy to overlook the tumult that may await global investors across other asset classes.
The U.S. government's decade-long borrowing costs crossed the 3 percent threshold for the first time in four years on Tuesday. That's not just any round number, but one that marked the highs of its double-top formation back in 2013 and 2014.
That matters, according to Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co., because the last time yields broke through a double-top, earlier this year, the February correction in equities ensued. “A potential break above the 3 percent level has a lot of investors walking on eggshells,” he said.
But 3 percent is hardly the only pivotal point for financial market participants. Across the landscape, there's a plethora of assets nearing round-number milestones and technically significant levels, any breach of which could signify a sea-change.
Talk Swap
As long-term Treasury yields edge higher and threaten to unmoor from historically low levels, a normalization has been underway in a more exotic locale: U.S. derivative markets.
The gap between swap rates and Treasury yields of the same maturity is positive for most all maturities now as President Donald Trump's focus on easing the regulatory burden on banks, and signals of the same from the Federal Reserve, have boosted the relative appeal of Treasuries. The 30-year spread, at about negative 12 basis points, is the only tenor still below zero. Prior to the financial crisis, swap rates (which are tied to Libor, and so contain credit risk) were always above government debt yields -- making the spread positive.
Dollar Drama
The greenback's resurgence prompted the U.S. Dollar Index to poke its head above the 100-day moving average this week for the first time in 2018. It's less than 2 percent away from reclaiming its 200-day moving average of around 92, a pivotal technical level, as rising real yields offer support for the beleaguered currency.
The dollar is on a tear versus the Japanese yen, in the midst of its best five-session gain since September. The move puts the pair close to 110, a level that would be a source of comfort for large Japanese manufacturers.
Tech Specs
The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index fell in the four sessions through Monday, bringing its losses over that time period to about 7 percent. Chip stocks can't seem to catch a break, getting whacked by weak earnings, trade skirmishes and growth concerns. The gauge is now approaching its 200-day moving average, which is about 1,244.
Meanwhile, Apple Inc. kicked off the week by closing below its 200-day moving average -- something it never did in 2017. The company is set to report earnings May 1.
Going Global
Australian equities are also approaching a round-number threshold, with the S&P/ASX 200 Index a little more than a percent shy of 6,000, a level it was unable to breach when tested in March.
The EuroStoxx 50 Index just posted its first close above its 200-day moving average since Feb. 1. The rally in energy prices has given companies such Total SA and Eni SpA a key role in propelling the gauge higher this month.
It's a different story for foreign exchange in the developing world. The MSCI Emerging Markets Currency Index fell below its 100-day moving average of 1,702.47, seen as a harbinger for more losses.
“It's a signal that the robust bullish trend that has been in place since the end of 2016 is under threat,” said Piotr Matys, an emerging-markets currency strategist at Rabobank in London.
According to Matys, the next number to watch is the previous monthly low of around 1,698: A close below that could trigger a bigger correction in emerging-market currencies. A potential catalyst for a bearish breakout would be a further increase in the U.S. 10-year yield above 3 percent, he said.
Commodity Watch
Brent and West Texas Intermediate crude prices are right around $75 and $70 dollars a barrel, respectively. These milestones would be fresh three-year highs for the gauges, with rebuilt stockpiles of petrodollars poised to provide a meaningful bid for financial assets.
Amid a raw-material rally that's expected to fuel headline inflation, there's one commodity going against the grain: The Bloomberg Grains Subindex has breached its 200 day moving average to the downside.
— With assistance by Benjamin Dow
French tycoon Vincent Bolloré was detained for questioning on Tuesday over suspicions of corruption in winning contracts to run ports in the west African countries of Togo and Guinea. The Bolloré group's share value fell five percent in the morning after the news broke, despite a categorical denial of any wrongdoing.
The billionaire was taken in for questioning by police in Nanterre, just outside Paris, on Tuesday in connection with an inquiry that began in 2016 with a raid on the conglomerate's headquarters in nearby Puteaux.
Also detained were former Bolloré executive Gilles Alix and Jean-Philippe Dorent, head of international relations at Bolloré's advertising and PR company, Havas.
The Bolloré group is suspected of undercharging for Havas's services in order to win contracts to run container ports in the two countries' capitals, Lomé and Conakry.
Togo election campaign
Dorent ran part of the 2010 election campaign of Alpha Condé, who had returned home from exile in Paris, where he established friendly relations with then foreign affairs minister Bernard Kouchner and with Vincent Bolloré himself.
After taking office Condé scrapped the 25-year container port contract with a subsidiary of another French company, Necotrans, and awarded it to Bolloré.
Necotrans launched legal action in France.
Despite being awarded two million euros to settle the case, the company ended up declaring bankruptcy, with Bolloré buying some of its shares at a reduced price in 2017.
Dorent described the idea that his participation in the election campaign led to winning the contract as "a fantasy" in an interview with Le Monde newspaper last year.
Speaking to the same paper a year earlier, Condé was unapologetic.
"Bolloré fulfilled all the conditions of the tender," he said. "This is a friend. I favour friends. So what?"
Togo container port
Dorent also did PR work for Togo's President Faure Gnassingbé after he succeeded his father, Gnassingbé Eyadema.
When Gnassingbé was reelected in 2010, he awarded the Lomé container port contract to Bolloré, a decision that also gave rise to legal action by another French bidder, Jacques Dupuydauby, who had previously worked with the company in Togo.
Documents seized during the 2016 raid corroborate the undercharging hypothesis, sources have told Le Monde.
Bolloré, Guinea deny allegations
"The Bolloré group categorically denies that its subsidiary at the time SDV Afrique committed any irregularities," the company said in a statement on Tuesday. "The services relating to these bills were carried out in total transparency."
The accusations "have no economic basis and reveal total ignorance of this industrial sector", it said.
The Conakry contract was awarded in strict accordance with the law, Guinean government spokesman Dmanatang Albert Camara said.
The accusations make no sense, he added.
While there are certainly morsels of investment wisdom to be gleaned from unlikely corners, seeking critical retirement advice from the internet's peanut gallery can be hazardous to your financial health.
Just ask one Reddit user by the name of “quantforce.”
It all started eight months ago when quantforce came to Reddit's “stocks” board for guidance on how his father should handle his portfolio.
Here's his post:
The obvious answer, from anybody who pays attention to this stuff, would be “Diversify!” At that age, pops was begging for trouble with that kind of concentration. But of the 174 responses, this one from normanc1962 earned the most upvotes:
“Leave him be... makes the most sense to me. With $1.8m with a close to 4% yield he is getting an additional $72,000 on top of the pension he will be receiving. I do not believe GE is going out of business and he has already ridden it down to near all-time lows and we have a new leader taking over for Immelt who presided over this demise.”
And the second-most popular bit of advice, courtesy of Fritzkreig:
“While not optimal, the dividend is okay, it should more than pay the bills. It is a steady Eddy blue chip that will be around for tomorrow , there is more money to be made but; why bother the old dude, who even has a pension coming? Just be happy that you are still (maybe) in the will!”
Fast forward to today and GE's GE, -0.56% problems have been well documented. The stock's been almost halved since then as has the dividend. All this while global economies were expanding and other blue chips were banging out double-digit gains.
Read: GE suffers worst trading day in nine years
Michael Batnick
Even before the nasty eight months that just passed, GE was struggling.
As Michael Batnick of the Irrelevant Investor blog points out, the stock had declined 19% over the 12 months leading up to when quantforce consulted Reddit. Meanwhile, other heavyweights like Boeing BA, +1.48% , Caterpillar CAT, +1.30% and Honeywell HON, +1.52% had rallied 85%, 45% and 19%, respectively.
Warning signs were there, but quantforce's father didn't budge.
“Watching your retirement savings get cut in half is painful at any age and at any dollar amount, but there is no need to compound the problem with praying for a comeback,” Batnick advised in a blog post. “A plan of action is the only reasonable thing to do if you find yourself in this situation.”
Easier said than done, of course, but four months after the initial post, quantforce returned to say that his dad sold out of GE when it was trading at $18, which means holding on past the original post cost him about half a million dollars.
At last check, GE stock was trading down fractionally to $14.10 while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +1.29% was enjoying a 200-point rally.
Tonight's highly anticipated double fashion show featuring Monse and Oscar de la Renta was a win-win.
With design duo Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia now at the helm of both buzzy brands (they started their careers under Mr. de la Renta and left to launch their celeb-favorite brand Monse two years ago), the star-studded front row — which included everyone from Paris and Nicky Hilton to Huma Abedin — were dressed in their best.
Against a black and white checked runway, models first unveiled Monse looks as they walked around a U-shaped runway encasing a glittering silver curtain. The brand's coveted signatures were in full effect: edgy tailoring, ruffles and slinky sequin dresses.
As the first show closed, the curtain – which experienced some malfunctioning during its unveiling – opened to debut Kim and Garcia's first looks under the de la Renta label.
It started strong – a slim black pant styled with an embellished corset-like top cinched with an exaggerated sash – and quickly escalated to a level of eveningwear glamour that felt modern, fresh and just plain beautiful.
Who wouldn't want to go for a twirl in one of those full-skirted tea length numbers? Sequined pink or sleek black, there was something for everyone who makes regular rotations on the black tie circuit.
Bella Hadid has made significant appearances on the the runways this week. But walking tonight's de la Renta portion of the show perhaps signaled a new direction for the storied brand.
The elegance was all there in those major fur coats and sharply cut pantsuits, but Hadid's stunning show-closing black velvet gown with an above-the-thigh-high embellished slit was sexier than usual for the uptown set.
Bring it.
After Dwyane Wade said that he and LeBron James are “like peanut butter and jelly,” Smucker's and Jif responded — the brands are strong.
Richard Jefferson gave us all a close-up view of the jars. They have names and photos of the Cavaliers on them, and the top of the display says #TheLandofPBJ. Jefferson also wrote “Look what Bron and Dwade started.”
The Cavs got custom PB&J 😂😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/aSTX0t2xXh — Alysha Tsuji (@AlyshaTsuji) October 6, 2017
This is very well done. The jars are even in little basketball containers.
However, most of the players probably won't be eating any of it.
An amazing ESPN story from last season revealed that while Cleveland serves visiting teams packaged Smucker's peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, “the Cavs fare far better with their fare, serving themselves 20 artisanal PB&J's prior to tip-off, with homemade grape and raspberry jelly, as well as almond butter-and-banana and peanut butter-and-banana sandwiches.”
AC Milan chief executive Marco Fassone labelled the club's ban from the 2018-19 Europa League as "unfair".
Milan are appealing UEFA's decision to ban them from the competition, with the governing body citing a breach of Financial Fair Play and licensing regulations.
Fassone said the Serie A club would do all they could to have the ban overturned, with their initial appeal heading to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).
"We consider the UEFA ruling unfair," he said on Monday.
"I hope the CAS will see things differently and we will fight until the very end to overturn the sentence."
Though Milan will not, as it stands, be permitted to compete in Europe's second-tier club competition, they would be free to play in the Champions League or Europa League in 2019-20 should they qualify for either tournament.
Milan were taken over by a consortium headed by Chinese businessman Li Yonghong, who then became the club's chairman, in April last year.
The club subsequently spent big before the 2017-18 campaign, signing the likes of Leonardo Bonucci, Andre Silva and Hakan Calhanoglu.
Gennaro Gattuso replaced the sacked Vincenzo Montella in November, leading Milan to the final of the Coppa Italia, where they lost to Juventus, and the last 16 of the Europa League.
The move that has seemed only natural since the start of training camp is coming. Sooner rather than later, and quite likely for Saturday night's match in Calgary, Brady Skjei...
BEIJING: Chinese President Xi Jinping warned self-ruled Taiwan on Tuesday that it will face the “punishment of history” for any attempt at separatism, offering his strongest warning yet to the island claimed by China as its sacred territory.Taiwan is one of China's most sensitive issues and a potentially dangerous military flashpoint.China's hostility toward Taiwan has risen since the 2016 election of President Tsai Ing-wen from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party.China suspects Tsai wants to push for formal independence, which would cross a red line for Communist Party leaders in Beijing, though Tsai has said she wants to maintain the status quo and is committed to ensuring peace.China has been infuriated by US President Donald Trump's signing into law legislation last week that encourages the United States to send senior officials to Taiwan to meet Taiwanese counterparts and vice versa.The United States does not have formal ties with Taiwan but is required by law to help it with self-defense and is the island's primary source of weapons.In a speech at the end of China's annual session of parliament, Xi told the 3,000-odd delegates that China would push for the “peaceful reunification of the motherland” and work for more Taiwanese to enjoy the opportunities of China's development.“It is a shared aspiration of all Chinese people and in their basic interests to safeguard China's sovereignty and territorial integrity and realize China's complete reunification,” Xi said.“Any actions and tricks to split China are doomed to failure and will meet with the people's condemnation and the punishment of history,” he added, to loud applause.China has the will, confidence and ability to defeat any separatist activities, Xi said.“The Chinese people share a common belief that it is never allowed and it is absolutely impossible to separate any inch of our great country's territory from China.”Proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being run by autocratic China, and has accused China of not understanding how democracy works, pointing out that Taiwan's people have the right to decide its future.The new US law on Taiwan adds to strains between China and the United States over trade, as Trump has enacted tariffs and called for China to reduce its huge trade imbalance with the United States, even while Washington has leaned on Beijing to help resolve tensions with North Korea.Taiwan has thanked the United States for the law and its support, but its foreign ministry said on Monday there were no plans for any senior leaders, such as the president, to visit the country.While China's stepped up military drills around Taiwan over the past year have rattled Taipei, Xi reiterated claims that China's rise was not a threat to any country, though China considers Taiwan to be merely a Chinese province not a nation.“Only those who in the habit of threatening others will see everyone else as a threat,” Xi said.
“This must have seemed like a dream come true for industry. Of course they would pay for it,” he said. “They're admitting the trial is designed to provide a justification for moderate drinking. That's not objective science.”
Asked about the meetings, Dr. Mukamal did not deny he had participated, but said the slides did not convey the full complexity of his presentation.
Last year, Dr. Mukamal told The New York Times that he had had “literally no contact with anyone in the alcohol industry in the planning of this.” He defended that statement saying the presentations took place long before the N.I.H. announced the funding grant in late 2015.
The description of the trial that he gave at the meetings was just a “boilerplate,” he said.
“My job there wasn't to raise money,” Dr. Mukamal added. “It was to educate.”
A Vexing Question
The N.I.H. awards most research funds on a competitive basis, and grant applications undergo a two-tier review of the scientific merit and public import of a project, as well as the scientific integrity.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At a cost of $100 million, the new trial aims to resolve a persistent medical conundrum. Though excessive drinking is harmful and problem drinking is on the rise in the United States, many observational studies have found that moderate drinkers outlive abstainers and have less heart disease.
These studies don't prove that moderate drinking is the reason these people live longer, however. The new trial, called the Moderate Alcohol and Cardiovascular Health Trial (M.A.C.H.), is intended to answer that question.
In January, Dr. Mukamal and his colleagues started recruiting volunteers ages 50 and older who are at high risk for heart disease; eventually there are to be 7,800 participants at 16 sites worldwide. Half will be told to abstain from alcohol. The rest, including both men and women, will be told to have one serving of alcohol a day.
No other long-term trial has ever asked participants to drink, much less drink every day. Scientists will track the two groups for six years on average to see whether daily drinkers have fewer heart attacks and strokes, and lower odds of diabetes and death.
The research will attempt to track the risks of drinking, but critics say it may not fully capture the harms. For one thing, the study will be too short to detect an increase in cancers linked to alcohol consumption, which may take decades to develop.
In addition, two servings has long been considered moderate drinking for men. Lowering the threshold may reduce falls, car accidents and alcohol abuse among the subjects; but one drink daily also may not reflect real-life habits.
Moreover, many people whose health might be compromised by light drinking — anyone with a history of addiction, psychiatric, liver or kidney problems, certain cancers or a family history of breast cancer — will not be allowed to participate. People who have never drunk alcohol also are excluded.
“You're picking off the people who are most likely to have the harms,” said Dr. Richard Saitz, chair of the Department of Community Health Sciences at Boston University School of Public Health, after reviewing the parameters of the study.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But if the study finds even a modest cardiovascular benefit to light drinking, he added, “You can be sure that the way it will be understood by the general public is that this applies to everybody.”
Despite its shortcomings, M.A.C.H. may well be the last word on the subject of moderate drinking, since trials like these are both expensive and logistically complicated to carry out.
Photo
Dr. Mukamal, who has published nearly a hundred scientific papers on the relationship between moderate drinking and cardiovascular disease, emphasized in an interview that he was committed to reporting the results accurately based on the data.
“If anyone has any doubt whatsoever that our intent is to provide the most accurate and precise description of our findings, they are sorely mistaken,” he said.
‘They'd Be Happy'
Private contributions for the study from the alcohol industry are being channeled through the Foundation for the N.I.H., a nongovernmental entity that raises money for N.I.H. research and manages the partnerships established to direct private donations.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In this case, the industry donors were expected to be held at “arm's length” and not to play any role in the research or to communicate with the scientists, said Julie Wolf-Rodda, director of development for the foundation.
George Koob, the current director of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, said the foundation constitutes an impregnable “firewall” that prevents donors from interfering with research.
In an interview, he said he was unaware of the meetings between N.I.H. officials and industry officials to rally support for the study, most of which took place before he took the helm of the institute in late January 2014. He denied that the institute had solicited funding.
Raising his voice during an interview, Dr. Koob insisted the industry's sponsorship would not compromise the study and said that the study protocol went through several rigorous reviews. “We do things right at N.I.H.,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But his predecessor, Dr. Ken Warren, who helped organize and participated in some of the meetings as acting director of the alcohol abuse institute, acknowledged in an interview that the scientists' presentations were meant to both “demonstrate to the industry that the study was feasible” and “to determine if they had interest in taking part” as funders.
Questions about moderate drinking and heart disease are important public health questions, Dr. Warren said, and a government trial would be more credible than research “directly funded by an entity such as the alcoholic beverage industry, which could be considered biased.”
Most of the cost of this government trial, however, is being picked up by five of the world's largest alcoholic beverage makers — Anheuser-Busch InBev, Heineken, Diageo, Pernod Ricard and Carlsberg.
In an interview, Dr. Lorraine Gunzerath, a retired senior adviser to Dr. Warren, took credit for coming up with the idea of reaching out to the alcohol industry for funding.
Clinical trials like this one don't fall neatly under the mission of the alcohol abuse institute, she said. “We were supposed to be preventing alcoholism, so to spend that kind of money on research for a possible good use of alcohol was something that would never fly,” she said.
But, referring to the alcohol industry, Dr. Gunzerath said, “If we had a clinical trial, and it was a positive result — which we thought it might be, you sort of think you know where it's going — they'd be happy.”
All the N.I.H. had to do was “make a business case to the industry that it would be to their benefit, even if they couldn't actually control the trial's outcome,” Dr. Gunzerath said.
She arranged for the university scientists to address executives at alcohol industry meetings. “If they didn't like the research team, they would have said no,” she said.
Photo
It was no secret at the time that Dr. Mukamal and his collaborators “already believed that moderate alcohol is a good thing,” she said. He already had published papers suggesting as much.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After the scientists' presentations, which were provided to The Times by Dr. Gunzerath, she would speak briefly to say that “it would be nice if we could get money from the industry,” but explain that funds would have to flow through the foundation.
On Sept. 30, 2013, Dr. Gunzerath sent an email headed “URGENT! Response needed ASAP!” to Dr. Mukamal, inviting him to Philadelphia to address the annual meeting of the Worldwide Brewing Alliance, to get the brewers' “buy in” and “extra overall funding potential as well.”
“I can make it,” Dr. Mukamal responded. “I could do any version or part or the whole day, night before or drive down that day etc. whatever works best for you.”
Dr. Gunzerath and Dr. Warren also arranged meetings between the scientists and industry representatives at the Distilled Spirits Council's Washington headquarters on Nov. 21, 2013, and Jan. 28, 2014.
A spokesman for the Distilled Spirits Council said that after the N.I.A.A.A. approached the trade group in 2013, the council “provided them with a forum to present the initial outline of their study.”
Representatives of Anheuser-Busch InBev, Heineken and Diageo confirmed that the scientists' presentations played a role in the companies' decisions to underwrite the trial.
“When Heineken was invited by the N.I.H. to partially fund the N.I.A.A.A. trial for a duration of ten years, as part of our decision making process, the scientists presented the research project to us so we would have a sound understanding of the trial,” Michael Fuchs, a company spokesman, said in an email.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Growing Trend
These days, it is not unusual for the N.I.H. to look to business to participate in public-private partnerships to fund medical research. When an N.I.H. center is seeking outside funding from the private sector, it starts by submitting a “request for collaboration” to a steering committee of the N.I.H. and the foundation based in the office of the director of the N.I.H., Dr. Francis Collins.
For the moderate drinking trial, the alcohol abuse institute signed an agreement with the foundation that said, “Under no circumstances shall N.I.A.A.A. or its representatives communicate directly with any Donor in order to raise funds for the project or to disclose to any Donor any information” about “the name and affiliation of the awardee” or “details and information relevant to the award.”
But by the time the institute submitted the request for outside funding in early 2015, its officials and outside scientists had already met with alcohol industry executives. Representatives of beer and liquor companies had already heard directly from Dr. Mukamal.
The alcohol abuse institute took an extra step to secure Dr. Mukamal's position as top contender for the grant. While N.I.H. grants are supposed to be awarded on a competitive basis, the institute's request for outside funding said the award would be restricted to applicants with “unique” resources and backgrounds — and specifically mentioned Dr. Mukamal, who had helped persuade the alcohol industry to fund the research.
Whether scientists studying alcohol should accept money from the industry has long been controversial. Many scientists and policymakers have publicly said that any engagement with the alcohol industry undermines the credibility of the research.
In 2016, a group representing hundreds of scientists and policymakers published a statement saying researchers should never accept direct or indirect industry funding, and that “any form of engagement with the alcohol industry may influence the independence, objectivity, integrity and credibility” of the research.
“We know that industry funding not only affects the results of studies but affects the questions that are asked, how the results are analyzed and what the answers are,” said Dr. Adriane Fugh-Berman, a professor of pharmacology at Georgetown University and director of Pharmed Out, a group that researches drug marketing.
If the health effects of moderate drinking are a priority for the N.I.H., she added, “they should fund it themselves.”
Image copyright Google Image caption Keith Davies will appear at Reading Crown Court on 2 July
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was assaulted.
The charge relates to an incident in which a man broke into a property in Newbury and assaulted a woman in her 40s on 25 May at 04:00 BST.
Keith Davies, 50, will appear at Reading Crown Court on 2 July after he was charged by Thames Valley Police with one count of attempted murder.
Mr Davies appeared at Reading Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer. He joined The Telegraph in 2006.
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
WOODSIDE — Highway 84 was shut down after a “large truck and trailer accident” Wednesday afternoon, authorities said.
A roughly four-mile stretch of the highway between Portola Road and Skyline Boulevard was expected to be closed until at least 6 p.m., according to a San Mateo County emergency bulletin.
The circumstances of the crash were not immediately available.
Air Corp and Navy members of the Captains Guard of Honour at the GPO
Air Corp and Navy members of the Captains Guard of Honour at the GPO
A NEW PROTECTED disclosure has been sent to Defence Minister Paul Kehoe detailing a number of “verified deaths” of those allegedly affected by the Air Corps chemical scandal.
It's the contention of a number of Air Corps members, who have since retired, that the effects of the chemicals they handled as part of their work contributed to dozens of workers at the Baldonnel Airfield becoming ill.
In a protected disclosure made by one of the workers last year, it has also been alleged that the partners of male members of the force suffered serious fertility issues and a number of miscarriages. Other children, according to the previous protected disclosure, are living with life-changing illnesses and, in some cases, have died.
But a new disclosure, submitted last week, claims that the number of untimely deaths from the scandal has “grown exponentially”.
The former Defence Forces members are currently suing the state for damages.
For the last two years, one whistleblower has been collecting information about the premature deaths of his colleagues in the Air Force. He accesses death records and is able to see the cause of death of the Air Corps member. The name, rank, cause of death and age of the person is then collated.
It has previously been alleged that the Defence Forces failed to protect workers from exposure to harmful chemicals which have been proven to cause various cancers and autoimmune diseases.
The new protected disclosure, seen by TheJournal.ie, reads: “Today I am passing you a list of 56 verified deaths of serving and former colleagues with an average age of death of 48. For my research I arbitrarily started from 1 January 1980 and only counted the deaths of persons who died at or before the State Pension age of 66. The list contains persons who died from medical reasons or suicide.
I might add that the number of suicides is truly shocking.
“In addition to the attached list I have a further 20 adult male deaths that I need to verify. Most relate to the 1980s and are difficult to fully trace while some occurred overseas. Unfortunately, through my research I also have some evidence that the levels of offspring deaths, stillbirths & spousal deaths show a cause for concern and need to be investigated by competent authorities and included in any statutory investigation.”
A 2016 inspection of Baldonnel Airfield by the Health and Safety Authority (HSA) identified a number of shortcomings at Baldonnel with corrective actions then taken by the Defence Forces in relation to how it handles chemicals.
According to the HSA report seen by TheJournal.ie, the Air Corps was warned it could face prosecution if it did not “comply with advice and relevant legal requirements” about how hazardous substances were managed, among other safety matters.
Air Corps, Engine Shop, Non Destructive Testing Workshop at Baldonnel Source: Garreth MacNamee/TheJournal.ie
TheJournal.ie earlier this year obtained a detailed list of chemicals which were purchased for use by the Air Corps. These include the highly toxic Ardrox 666 and Ardrox 670.
Other chemicals which have been used at Baldonnel include:
Hexavalent chromium
Dichloromethane
Trichloroethylene
Dichloromethane
All these chemicals have been proven to cause serious damage to humans after long-term exposure. They are used in degreasing agents as well as other solvents used at Baldonnel.
A number of ex Air Corps members are currently suing the State over the claims.
Late last year, TheJournal.ie reported that the cause of death, the age at death and the rank the Air Corps members held. The protected disclosure which has been submitted has the full names as well as other verifiable details of the deceased. We are not naming them.
The format for the following list is the rank of the deceased, their initials, cause of death recorded on their death certificates and finally their age of death.
Airman. Died by hanging. Aged 48.
Apprentice. Cardiac arrhythmia. Aged 52.
Sergeant. Severe chronic head trauma from self-inflicted gunshot wound. Aged 42.
Commandant. Coronary artery atherosclerosis. Aged 60.
Flight Sergeant. Metastatic esophageal carcinoma. Aged 53.
Airman. Heart failure after suffering haemorrhagic gastritis. Aged 47.
Airman. Death by suicide. Aged 53.
Brigadier General. Bowel ischaemia. Aged 74.
Airman. Acute alcohol intoxication. Aged 49.
Sergeant. Pulmonary aspiration. Aged 50.
Corporal. Drowning. Open verdict recorded. Aged 41.
Airman. Bacterial peritonitis. Previous kidney failure/cardiac problems. Aged 55.
Sergeant. Metastatic renal failure. Aged 66.
Airman. Pancreatic cancer. Aged 54.
Corporal. Self inflicted gunshot wound to head. Aged 26.
Airman. Liver abscess/pulmonary embolus. Previous Crohn's disease. Aged 32.
Airman. Acute cardiac arrhythmia. Aged 47.
Captain. Neuroendocrine tumour of pancreas. Aged 53.
Airman. Acute cardiac event. Aged 50.
Sergeant. Metastases carcinoma to liver and lung. Aged 48.
Flight Sergeant. Ischaemic Heart Disease. Aged 54.
Airman. Cardiogenic shock. Aged 49.
Some of the men who have died or gotten ill. Source: Garreth MacNamee/TheJournal.ie
Rank unknown. Ischaemic Heart Disease. Aged 64.
Corporal. Asphyxia. Aged 38.
Sergeant. Sudden cardiac death. Aged 56.
Flight Sergeant. Pneumonia – 3 days. Aged 41.
Apprentice. Gunshot wound to the head. Aged 44.
Lieutenant Colonel. Non Hodgkin's Lymphoma. Aged 64.
Corporal. Metastatic Melanoma. Aged 46.
Corporal. Myocardial Ischaemia. Aged 50.
Sergeant. Liver failure. Aged 52.
Flight Quartermaster Sergeant. Metastatic Carcinoma of Salivary Gland. Aged 60.
Airman. Ischaemic Heart Disease. Aged 39.
Sergeant. Gioblastoma Multiforme. Aged 39.
Airman. Multiple Injuries – self-inflicted train collision. Schizophrenia. Aged 39.
Sergeant. Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. Aged 66.
Airman. Gunshot to the head. Aged 22.
Airman. Atherosclerotic Coronary Artery Disease. Aged 46.
Airman. Pulmonary Embolism. Aged 51.
Airman. Gunshot wound to head. Aged 54.
Civilian. Parietal lobe glioblastoma. Aged 56.
Airman. Cause of death unknown. Aged 52.
Commandant. Cerebral Metastases, Salivary Gland Carcinoma. Aged 57.
Corporal. Extensive Stage Small Cell Lung Cancer. Aged 45.
Commandant. Metastatic Small Cell Lung Cancer. Aged 54.
The Department of Defence, in response to every query submitted to it regarding the chemical scandal, has said: “The State Claims Agency is currently managing six claims taken by former and current members of the Air Corps against the Minister for Defence for personal injuries alleging exposure to chemical and toxic substances whilst working in the Air Corps in Baldonnel in the period 1991 to 2006. Given these matters are subject to litigation, it would be inappropriate to comment further.”
Some of our coverage of the Air Corps Chemical Scandal to date:
Bonjour, 42nd Street!
Marking a culinary and commercial-property coup, Daniel Boulud will launch a large restaurant at One Vanderbilt, SL Green's 1,400-foot-tall skyscraper now rising next to Grand Central Terminal.
The planned, 11,000 square-foot venue adds instant additional cachet to the 1.6 million square-foot office tower that's scheduled to open by 2020.
Thus far, just one tenant, TD Bank, has signed for 200,000 square feet on the Midtown tower.
Boulud's name lends the KPF-designed project the glamour of a famed, New York-based superchef as SL Green talks to firms that are considering moving there — JP Morgan Chase among them.
One Vanderbilt is the latest Midtown office tower to sign up an A-list restaurateur. For example:
* The Four Seasons, uprooted from Aby Rosen's Seagram Building, will reopen soon at SL Green's 280 Park Ave. The Mario Carbone-Rich Torrisi-Jeff Zalaznick team is debuting its Pool and Grill venues at Seagram.
* Eleven Madison Park's Will Guidara and Daniel Humm are coming to L&L Holding Company's all-new 425 Park Ave.
Boulud's restaurant will be on One Vanderbilt's second floor and overlook the corner of Vanderbilt Avenue and East 42d Street. “It's a unique space,” Boulud said, that will boast a 110 foot-high ceiling at the ground-floor entrance and a bar that will seem to be “floating in space.”
The ground-floor area will feature a branch of Le Epicerie, the high-end grab-and-go spot that Boulud has at the World Trade Center and near Lincoln Center.
The deal is not a conventional lease but a partnership in which Boulud will invest, according to both Boulud and SL Green CEO Marc Holliday.
“We have many top restaurants in our portfolio, such as Lavo at 625 Madison Avenue,” Holliday said. “But if there's a departure here, it's that we are actually partnering with Daniel — something we haven't done before.” The new Four Seasons, for example, has a straight lease at 280 Park Ave.
The Boulud restaurant buildout cost isn't known, but any price will be peanuts compared with One Vanderbilt's $3.14 billion development cost. “We will put up the majority of the money for the project, but Daniel will put in some of his own as well,” Holliday said. “Daniel's company, Dinex, will manage and run the restaurant,” he added.
“We” means the tower's owners — SL Green and South Korea Pension Services, which bought a 27 percent interest last year, and Hines, which has 1.4 percent.
Boulud has restaurants in hotels but not previously in an office tower. “Marc Holliday has been wonderful,” Boulud said. “We talked to them for a long time. We feel good together and I'm excited about this.”
A designer has yet to be chosen. The eatery will have 100-plus seats in the dining room plus 50 more for private events, Boulud said.
Will it be French or French inspired, like his other New York places? “It will be a fine restaurant,” Boulud said but declined to discuss it beyond that — other than to say with a laugh, “It will not be Italian.”
Domino's recent raft of innovations in Australia and New Zealand – including its pizza tracker and ‘Internet of Food' – has helped it to drive a 17 per cent growth in both revenue and same store sales, the company said today.
“The company's focus on…continuous technology enhancements and innovation has seen Domino's results significantly surpass expectations,” group CEO and managing director Don Meij said in the company's half year 2017 market presentation this morning.
It's recent trials of drone deliveries in New Zealand, and further investment in automated deliveries, were a “meaningful part of our strategy over the next two to three years”, Meij said, adding that “this is not a gimmick”.
Meij said the company would be launching an “artificial intelligence first” initiative next month which would be “one of the biggest launches in our history”.
Domino's Live Pizza Tracker app – which allows customers who are picking up in store to time their arrival so the pizza is ready when they are – had a “strong impact” on growth in online ordering in the half (up 32 per cent), the company said.
The app, along with efforts to remove the barriers to ordering online, meant Domino's orders now represented 2.8 per cent of all online retail transactions in Australia, Meij said.
Taking a slice
The half year announcement comes just days after a damning Fairfax investigation which uncovered “widespread underpayment of wages”. Part of the problem, quoted insiders suggested, was the pressure on franchisees to keep their businesses viable.
The situation is exacerbated, the investigation suggested, by the cost of Domino's technology such as GPS trackers, quick-cooking ovens and digital menu boards.
However, some franchisees were quoted as saying the new technologies grow customer numbers.
In its results presentation today, the company said that franchisee profitability was increasing and was set to break a new record in the current financial year. It added that it had a “zero tolerance” towards under-payment of wages or under-reporting of sales.
Ongoing investments in technology are “helping our store managers and franchisees become more efficient and productive”, the company said.
In the last half year, Domino's has launched its MyDomino's App – a portal for franchisees and workers, and rolled out a new rostering system. The SaaS rostering platform by Brisbane-based Tanda was evidence that the company continued to invest in its workers, Domino's said.
The company also forecast that labour costs as a percentage of sales would increase by up to 2 per cent in the coming year. However, it added that initiatives including Tanda would “not only cover these labour increases, but exceed them”.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
BEAVERCREEK, Ohio (WDTN) – Check out the future Buckeye, Warriors wide receiver L'christian Smith catches the pass from Rashad McKee and as he literally drags a defender into the end zone for the touchdown.
The future is bright for Ohio State and the present is pretty good for the Wayne Warriors who beat Beavercreek tonight 42 to 14
Congrats to L'Christian Smith for turning in our big play of the night.
Happy Friday, MarketWatchers! Here are your top personal finance stories of the day.
Personal Finance
Why ‘beer bellies' are a myth — and new research on why beer may be good for you
The Great American Beer Festival takes place this weekend.
The era of affordable birth control is at an end — this is how much Trump's new rule could cost women
American women may soon need to rethink their birth control strategy.
New York Fed president: Legacy admissions to colleges is hurting economic mobility
Poor students make up a relatively small share of students at elite schools
This trauma surgeon, who was shot as a teenager, wants you to know gun violence happens every day
The experience spurred Johns Hopkins' Dr. Joseph Sakran to become a trauma surgeon. He often operates on victims of gun violence.
Rick Pitino's embattled athletic director at Louisville makes more money than the school's entire math department
Tom Jurich is currently on paid leave after Adidas allegedly paid a high schooler's family $100,000 so the teen would attend Louisville.
Scientists discover possible cause of overeating
The finding could lead to potential therapies to combat obesity.
When a bottle of Scotch is like a bottle of perfume
A new version of The Macallan has the stamp of a master perfumer.
Join us in Los Angeles for a panel discussion on international investing
What do financial advisers need to know when considering overseas investments for their clients? That's what our panel will discuss at a MarketWatch event on Tuesday, Oct. 24, in Los Angeles.
As Americans take on multiple jobs, these side hustles can pay $100,000 a year
Millions of Americans are relying on side hustles to pay for necessary expenses.
American job hunters are now paranoid that robots will toss their résumés in the trash
Concerned workers may have reached a tipping point over the future of automation.
Elsewhere on MarketWatch
Consumer credit growth slows a bit in August
Consumer borrowing slowed in August after a sharp rise in the prior month, the Federal Reserve reported Friday.
The economy and markets can be OK even when the president is a moron
The economy and the markets can be OK even when the president is a moron, writes Tim Mullaney.
Trump administration proposes scrapping pay-gap reporting requirement for companies
The Trump administration proposes scrapping a requirement that companies disclose the pay ratio between chief executives and employees, one of several recommendations outlined in a detailed report on capital markets.
Trump rolls back Obama-era rule on birth-control coverage
The Trump administration said Friday it is undoing an Affordable Care Act requirement that employer-provided health benefits include contraception, a move that will likely spark immediate litigation to preserve the Obama-era mandate.
Nobel Peace Prize winner to Trump and North Korea's Kim: Nukes are illegal — and nuclear threats are, too
Beatrice Fihn, executive director of Nobel Peace Prize-winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, says the U.S. and North Korean leaders are out of bounds with their nuclear war of words.
Hurricane Irma prevented at least 1.5 million people from getting to work in September
All those people fleeing south Florida to escape Hurricane Irma was bound to depress the number of Americans who were at work in September. And it sure as heck did.
What the Trump Scoreboard says after the September jobs washout
President Donald Trump experienced his first month of jobs destruction, and the first for the economy in seven years, after 33,000 jobs were lost in September as a result of the hurricanes that hit Texas and Florida.
Retail turmoil continues as job-losing streak runs to eight
Here's some grim jobs news that isn't particularly hurricanes-related: the retail sector has lost jobs for eight months in a row, and ten of the last 12 months.
U.S. loses 33,000 jobs in September as hurricanes cause first decline in seven years
Hiring and employment in the U.S. in September were stunted by hurricanes Harvey and Irma, but a falling unemployment rate showed the labor market is getting healthier all the time.
Haven't subscribed yet to MarketWatch's daily personal finance newsletter? Sign up here.
Follow @insidefutbol
AC Milan are considering making a summer move for Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata, who has also been linked with a move to Chelsea, in the summer.
Silvio Berlusconi recently sold AC Milan to a Chinese consortium and armed with fresh funds, the club are plotting a big summer window to improve the quality of the squad.
Signing a big name striker is on the agenda and according to Italian sports daily Corriere dello Sport, the Rossoneri are plotting a move for former Juventus forward Morata.
Real Madrid re-signed the forward from Juventus last summer but the Spaniard has failed to establish himself as a certain starter and remains down the pecking order of attackers in Zinedine Zidane's squad.
Antonio Conte remains a big fan of his former Juventus forward and is interested in taking him to Chelsea at the end of the season but it seems he could face competition from AC Milan.
Morata already has experience of playing in Italy for Juventus and AC Milan are considering competing with Chelsea for his signature during the summer transfer window.
However, it remains to be seen whether the new Rossoneri owners can compete with Premier League cash when push comes to shove for Morata at the end of the season.
Morata has a contract until 2021 with Real Madrid but is desperate to play more regular football next season.
WWE icons Stone Cold Steve Austin, The Rock, The Undertaker and Mankind starred in a Super Bowl commercial that aired 19 years ago during Super Bowl XXXIII (Broncos vs. Falcons).
WWE just shared some unseen behind-the-scenes footage from the commercial shoot, which occurred in December of 1998. It's fascinating to see The Rock in acting mode prior to his transition to Hollywood. Other highlights include the director giving advice to Kane, and Steve Austin breaking a chair over someone's back.
The stunt at the end where someone jumped out of Titan Tower? It wasn't CGI.
Investing in anything relating to oil at the beginning of 2016 seemed like the surest way to lose your shirt.
In fact, for some investors, it was.
At least 70 oil and gas companies filed for bankruptcy in 2016, according to data provided by law firm Haynes and Boone.
But for the hedge funds that made the right picks in the troubled industry, energy investments helped them rebound from a disastrous first half of the year.
Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund was one of the best-performing hedge funds of 2016, gaining 40.8 percent through Dec. 23, according to data compiled by HSBC.
Jason Mudrick told The Post in December that 2016 “was a good year for distressed generally.” His $1.4 billion fund benefitted from early purchases of energy debt for 30 cents on the dollar before the sector started to rebound.
Hedge funds won on the equity side as well.
Eight of the 10 energy stocks mostly commonly held in hedge funds, according to data compiled by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, ended the year in positive territory.
The biggest winner among the hedge fund favorites was Halliburton, which gained 59 percent, closing out the year at $54.09.
Not far behind were Anadarko Petroleum, Pioneer Natural Resources and Devon Energy, which were each up more than 40 percent for the year.
Losses in two of the 10 energy companies that were down were modest for the year. Valero Energy fell 2.3 percent and Marathon Petroleum lost 2.9 percent.
Marathon's relative under-performance caught the attention of activist hedge fund Elliott Management in November. It bought a 4 percent stake in the company and believes it could see an 80 percent upside if it splits in three.
The recent exuberance for energy is not entirely surprising.
Energy was the top-performing sector in the S&P 500 in 2016, gaining 25.2 percent and blowing past financial, which was the next-best sector (up 20 percent), according to Select Sector SPDR data. The S&P 500, meanwhile, returned 9.5 percent.
But energy bets — or even hedge fund bets, for that matter — did not seem like such a sure thing at the start of 2016.
In the first few weeks of 2016, oil prices continued a more-than-yearlong race to the bottom — prices stood at nearly $100 a barrel in July 2014 — amid overproduction worries.
Oil finally settled at around $26 a barrel in mid-February — its lowest level since 2003. Although prices quickly rebounded from those lows, oil's return to Friday's closing price of $53.83 was choppy as OPEC weighed cutting production in an effort to stanch rapidly falling prices.
In November, OPEC agreed to its first production cut since 2008 and prices traveled upward. The OPEC move was sweet music to hedgies that had jumped into the sector.
Down slightly in 2016's first quarter, funds invested in energy debt and equity stormed back later in the year — especially after June's Brexit vote, according to data provided by Preqin. The industry is up 6.3 percent through Nov. 30.
Follow @insidefutbol
A photograph has surfaced of what is claimed to be Leeds United boss Thomas Christiansen at Manchester United's game against Manchester City on Sunday, with a fan in the picture insisting the Dane is a Red Devils supporter.
Christiansen guided Leeds to a 3-1 win away at QPR on Saturday, but then on Sunday is said to have headed to Old Trafford to take in the Manchester derby, not unusual for a head coach intent on watching football.
He posed for a photograph with two Manchester United fans, who claimed that finding out he supports the club improved an otherwise forgettable day.
Manchester United went down to a damaging 2-1 defeat at home against Pep Guardiola's side, who now boast an eleven-point lead at the top of the table.
Posting the photograph on Twitter, a Manchester United fan wrote: "Sh*te performance, sh*te result. Still good finding out Leeds manager is a United fan."
A number of Leeds fans have already reacted with disappointment to the claims, with the Whites sharing a fierce rivalry with Manchester United.
It remains to be seen if the claim is true, especially given Christiansen knows Manchester City boss Guardiola from his time at Barcelona; the Whites boss could have been visiting the Spaniard.
Some fans of both clubs expressed displeasure with Manchester United full-back Cameron Borthwick-Jackson moving to Leeds on a loan deal in the summer, in a sign the rivalry is alive and well
BELFAST, Maine — A Maine woman who told jurors that she drank multiple shots of liquor and smoked marijuana the night of her infant son's death is due to be sentenced this week.
Thirty-two-year-old Miranda Hopkins will appear in court on Wednesday in Belfast.
The Troy resident says she doesn't know how 7-week-old Jaxson died in January, but she previously told police that one of her two autistic sons may have been responsible.
Police say Hopkins had been drinking whisky and told investigators that she must have “blacked out.” She said she woke up to find her baby cold and “beat to hell.” The baby's cause of death was listed as blunt force head injuries.
Image copyright Getty Images
When it comes to topping up university maintenance loans, poorer parents may be more generous than wealthier ones.
According to the National Student Money Survey, less well-off families contribute more than expected, while richer ones give less.
Households with incomes of less than £25,000 are not expected to make extra payments to support their children.
But the research found such families still paid an average of £54 a month, making them the most generous.
By contrast households earning £60,000 a year paid £160 a month less than expected by the government, making them the least generous.
The survey, conducted by the money advice site Save the Student, found that the average student gets £138.50 from the Bank of Mum and Dad each month.
The survey also revealed that male students appear to receive more than female students.
While males received an average contribution of £161 a month, female students received £135.
Are you paying off a student loan? BBC News has set up a new UK Facebook group all about affordable living. Join the Affordable Living group here.
Coleraine eases past derby rivals Institute 4-0 at Ballycastle Road to seal their place in the quarter-finals of the Irish Cup.
Jamie McGonigle scored twice, with Eoin Bradley and Dean Curry also finding the net for the Bannsiders.
Five years ago, Patience Bloom, a senior editor at Harlequin — a romance novel publishing house — swore off dating for good. She was 41, single and sick of the...
Anne-Marie Elias: "We are spending billions of dollars and each year, the problems are getting worse."
Technology-driven automation and mechanisation is completely meaningless if its impact on humans – particularly the most vulnerable among us – is not taken into consideration, says Techfugees co-founder, Anne-Marie Elias.
Speaking at the CIO Summit in Perth, Elias told the audience that progress comes with concerns. She quoted the International Labour Organisation which has found that there are 3.6 billion people today either unemployed or underemployed and around 600,000 people in Australian are on employment benefits.
“My passion is to remind you that technology in and of itself doesn't mean anything. Where it becomes powerful is where it augments or enables the human experience; that's really the important thing we need to think about,” Elias told the audience.
“We are spending billions of dollars and each year, the problems are getting worse, not better.”
Elias highlighted an Accenture report which noted that automation will inevitably disrupt the workforce but if companies start to reskill their employees now, they can help them to weather automation without displacement.
In 2017, Accenture shed 17,000 jobs worldwide and apart from the few staff were took redundancies, 89 per cent were redeployed across the organisation.
“That's really heartening when you think of an organisation like that and how you might be able to do the same thing [redeploying staff] in your organisation. I know that if you are a small council or medium to large provider, you may not have the capacity to move people around,” Elias said.
But business is moving from an ‘egosystem to an ecosystem' where traditional command and control structures are being replaced by a community that exists inside the workplace, she said.
“You need to start thinking about your own people. What would have happened if Accenture had shed those 17,000 jobs? Shareholders don't appreciate things like that happening which affect the reputation of the brand. People get angry; they get upset when they see people not too dissimilar to ourselves ending up unemployed because a factory has shut down or a company has restructured. So we have to be really mindful of that,” Elias told the audience.
“The good news is that companies like Accenture show us that things can be different.”
Elias also highlighted the landmark agreement signed last April between startup Airtasker and Unions NSW to improve conditions for workers in the gig economy.
This followed a Unions NSW report which found that the gig economy was damaging wages and conditions.
“Tim Fung [Airtasker founder] is a decent guy; he was mortified about the report,” said Elias. “They are now working together to set minimum wages for each job. We were getting situations on Airtasker where people would say, ‘I've got $20, you can clean my five-bedroom house.' And people were desperate to get the work and they would do it but that's unreasonable and it's unfair. And it's not the right thing to do,” she said.
The agreement sets a new standard about the casualisation of work in the gig economy and how Airtasker responds, she said.
“We need to reimagine the future of work and it's our duty and responsibility to do so."
Rethink your approach to innovation
Organisations must value their people, they know the business better than external party, said Elias.
“What you need to do is bring in the innovators to work with your people and bring out the skills in them. What I have seen over many years is we trot out people to be in one week workshops or whatever. It doesn't work, they come back and they are pummeled with the day-to-day and they don't seem to be able to shift.
“It's not enough to go to a workshop or watch a presentation. What is important is that you immerse yourself in this stuff. And you learn from it and then you will do something about it.”
For the last 6 months, Elias has worked with New Horizons, a not for profit disability, aged and mental health organisation as an ‘entrepreneur in residence.' The company initially wanted to employ Elias as its innovation manager.
“They wanted me to come in and do innovation work with them but it doesn't work. Because what you say to your people when you bring in someone and say, ‘here's Anne-Marie and she's our innovation manager.' What do you think people's reactions are really going to be? Innovation exists in every single one of us.
“I have been sitting alongside their leadership team for 3 days a week, looking at the problems they choose to solve and taking them through an iterative process of what we do in a hackathon, or a design or innovation lab,” Elias said.
“But all of these things are meaningless if you can't support people to do this every day. Innovation is not something that exists in one part of your organisation; it's something that should be a state of mind. It's a way that you work.
When you talk about innovation, stop talking shit. It's about knowing what's the problem worth solving – because if you don't know that, you're presenting a solution to find a problem. This is going to be costly and is not going to end well for anybody,” Elias said.
No industry is safe
Elias rightly points out that no market sector is safe from the disruptive force of new technology startups. New companies like Hireup, Home Care Heros and CareSeekers, for example, are shaking up the disability services sector, she said.
“Each one of these businesses was founded by people with lived experience," she said.
The brother of Hireup's founders Jordan and Laura O'Reilly had cerebral palsy and died in care, Elias said.
"His siblings who grew up going into group home where there was never consistency in care felt that his life was rather undignified. Unfortunately he passed away before they launched their business. But their business brings severely disabled people into an environment where they are doing a whole lot of tech stuff, the scanning and digitising of documents; giving people a sense of hope and future.”
Disruption through innovation is affecting both blue and white collar workers and industries alike, she added.
“I sit on the NSW Administrative Appeals Tribunal part time and I keep saying to those people, ‘we won't be needed in the future.' There will be a little robot that comes in and just does all of that – looks at 100,000 cases of case law and produces an outcome to say, ‘no, your access is denied.'
“They freak out and say, ‘no, we are lawyers and specialists.' And it's like, ‘so are the accountants, and then came Xero and MYOB.' It doesn't mean that you get rid of them all but it means that there are other things that you need to be thinking about.”
Elias said she is heartened by the fact that industries that will experience growth through this period of technological disruption are service industries like healthcare and social services.
“In Japan, they are using robots to assist in hospitals [to reduce] injuries sustained by nurses carrying people,” she said. “So they have now got robots who pick up the older person; these are really clever ways of helping people.”
Skills of the future
Quoting the World Economic Forum, Elias said the top 10 skills that will be in the highest demand by 2020 include: complex problem-solving, critical thinking, creativity, people management, coordinating with others, emotional intelligence, judgement and decision making, service orientation, negotiation, cognitive flexibility
“There's a lot of emotional intelligence that we are needing, we are going to need more critical thinking skills, people management, collaboration, coordinating with other people – getting out of that silo mentality,” she said.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – A common household object is responsible for thousands of accidental injuries in children – and in some cases, even deaths.
Doctors say window blind cords present a strangulation risk. A new study from Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus found that cords have killed 271 children between 1990 and 2015. Nearly 17,000 other young children were hurt by window blinds.
The study recommends a complete ban on the cords.
Lead author Dr Gary Smith said the highest risk group are children between ages of one and four
“This is when they gain mobility, they're toddlers, they're curious, they explore their environment, but they have no idea what's dangerous,” Smith said. “Within minutes, they're going to strangle. And often they don't make any noise because they can't move any air.”
Simbe Wilson, a grandmother to a four year old girl, said she never really thought window blinds could pose a danger to children. But now that she's heard about the study, it's on her mind.
“I can see with them running to the windows, or even playing with that little thing on the side, pulling it, they could get caught up in there and that could be dangerous if they're unattended to,” Wilson said.
Jessica Saunders of Dayton Children's Hospital called the cords a “hidden danger” that can be found in every home.
“they don't know any better to not play with cords or strings, and they can't really sense danger,” Saunders said of children.
“So first of all, always look around your house and know what your house may or may not have. with or without the law being there, there's always a problem with these types of cords.”
But Saunders said there are some things you can do to keep kids safe – like purchasing cord wind-ups. They allow you to wrap the cord around a hook, out of the reach of curious toddlers.
Wilson said now that she knows the risks, she'll take care.
“Yes I will,” Wilson said. “My granddaughter's mother, my niece's cousin, everybody with children in my family, I will tell them to be on the lookout for that and monitor the children at all times.”
The window covering manufacturers association says its working towards a safety standard for manufacturers to go cordless or have inaccessible cords.
Red Devil Classic: June 22 at Diablo Creek Golf Course. Registration at 11 a.m., followed by lunch, golf, dinner, raffle and silent auction. Proceeds benefit academic and athletic programs at Mt. Diablo High School. Dinner only tickets also available. To register contact Lou Adamo at (925) 212-9332, louadamo@gmail.com or visit reddevilgolfclassic.com/golf-tournament/ for online registration, sponsor forms, and additional info.
Green Tee Tournament: July 16 at Metropolitan Golf Links in Oakland. Registration at 6:30 a.m., shotgun start at 8:30 a.m. $125 per golfer, $400 foursome includes green fees, cart, range balls, lunch, games (raffle, auction) and prizes. Proceeds will fund youth development programs for Oakland youth and cultural arts programs. To register visit eventbrite.com/e/geen-tee-golf-tournament-tickets-45809764238 or for more information contact Karis Griffin at 510 238-7259 or email greenteegolf@oakland.net.com
Knights of Columbus Tournament: July 23 at Crow Canyon Country Club. Registration at 10 a.m., lunch at 11 a.m., shotgun-scramble format at noon, followed by cocktails at 5:30 p.m. and dinner/awards/auction at 6:30 p.m. $195 per golfer includes: golf, bbq lunch, beverages, pre-golf contests, awards, raffle, silent auction, no-host cocktails and dinner. $60 dinner only. Proceeds benefit RotaCare Pittsburg Free Medical Clinic. To register visit www.svdp-cc.org or for more info contact Barb Hunt b.hunt@svdp-cc.org, (925) 330-6732. For sponsorship opportunities and info contact Michael Fernandez at michael.fernandez@sbcglobal.net, (925) 899-0883
BAWPVA Tournament: Aug. 13 at Palo Alto Hills Golf & Country Club. Registration at 11 a.m., followed by shotgun start at noon. Box lunch provided to all golfers and an awards dinner will follow 18-hole scramble. Proceeds raised through the BAWPVA (Paralyzed Veterans of America Bay Area Western Chapter) golf event will go towards wheelchair athletes and helping to find a cure for paralysis. $240 per golfer, $880 foursome, $50 spectactor ticket, $200 tee sponsor, $240 sponsor a veteran. To register visit bawpva8thgolf.eventbrite.com or for more info, contact Kory Amaral (650) 858-3936, golf@bawpva.org
Joe Brophy Bill Loudon Junior Classic: June 20 at Blue Rock Springs Golf Course. For boys and girls, ages 7-18. $35 per golfer, registration due by June 6. Visit www.jganc.com or for more information call (707) 643-8476
To submit a golf tournament or hole-in-one contact, Nick Roth at nroth@bayareanewsgroup.com
One of the best things about golf is when you're having a rough round, at least there are times you can stand back and enjoy the beauty of the nature around you.
Then, there are those times when nature completely takes over, and there's not much you can do it about it.
That would be the case in Australia. A giant army of kangaroos decided to chill out at St. Georges Basin Country Club, but the game is all about playing it as it lays, so these Aussies decided to give it a go.
No kangaroos appeared to be harmed in the making of this video:
The only thing missing was the golfer screaming “FORE!” after swinging.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Less than a week before lawmakers head back into the Capitol for a third legislative session this year, several of them hold divergent opinions on how dire of a problem the state's funding situation is.
CINCINNATI — A federal grand jury has charged six individuals in a narcotics conspiracy involving the alleged smuggling of narcotics into an Ohio prison.
Benjamin C. Glassman, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio, Angela L. Byers, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Cincinnati Division, Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine and Warren County Sheriff Larry L. Sims announced the charges.
Each defendant is charged with one count of conspiring to possess with intent to distribute narcotics, a crime punishable by up to 20 years in prison. Those charged include: Joseph Brodbeck, 59 of Columbus; Alton Herron, 46 of Dayton; Gerry Branner, 27 of Cincinnati; William A. Lowery, 30 of London Correctional Institution; Daviontae Norvell, 26 of Dayton and Rodney J. Herron, 27 of Dayton.
According to the indictment, the defendants conspired to distribute Suboxone, cocaine, methamphetamine and marijuana inside London Correctional Institute.
Brodbeck was a contract employee of the prison's food service company and worked in the prison kitchen. He allegedly smuggled narcotics in to inmates after purchasing the narcotics in various cities in Southern Ohio, including Middletown, Dayton and Springfield. Brodbeck's co-defendants were each inmate of the facility at one point and allegedly paid Brodbeck for the narcotics.
U.S. Attorney Glassman commended the investigation of this case by the FBI, Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI), Warren County Sheriff's Office and Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Corrections, as well as Assistant United States Attorney Christy L. Muncy, who is prosecuting the case.
An indictment merely contains allegations and defendants are presumed innocent unless proven guilty in a court of law.
0:53 Astros fans play the biggest game of catch after woman drops her hat into crowd When a Houston Astros fan dropped her hat from the seventh floor of a parking garage, she probably assumed it was gone forever. Luckily, Astros fans take care of each other, and the entire crowd worked together in a remarkable way to get the item back to her.
0:53 Stampede of commuters barely makes it off a burning bus A bus burst into flames in Harbin City, China, after one of the tires caught on fire. More than 50 passengers rushed to evacuate, causing a stampede.
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London. The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when she bit into the uncooked ground beef, which she drizzled with oil, and topped off by biting into a whole lemon.
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia, after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest. The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer.
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history.
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist, who went flying through the air. This week, Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving. Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017. The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of his accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving.
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and his lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop. Janyong Nopparat, t he store owner, was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of his horrified wife. The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop. They were later found and arrested. Janyong and his wife were traumatized and injured, but they did get the $35,000 worth of gold returned.
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover his face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough. Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine, after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before. The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck.
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer. A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok. “This was an unusual place to find the snake,” said one of the rescuers, who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent. “We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain.”
Cardinals tight end Jermaine Gresham helped out a fellow passenger on a recent flight in a wonderful story that has gone viral on Twitter.
Delilah Cassidy, an ASU journalism graduate, told the story in a thread. She says she was caught off guard by a new airline policy that requires you to pay $50 for carry-ons. When she tried to pay, her credit cards wouldn't work since she was just coming back from Europe, so she was told she'd have to miss the flight to sort it out. Then, a man walked up to pay the fee for her.
At first, she didn't recognize who it was, but she later realized that the kind man was Gresham and was able to get a photo with him.
“I'm crying as I write this and as I board the flight. This man was an angel. I stop him as he's sitting in first class and try to give him my money but he just shook me off and told me to pay it forward,” she wrote. “My heart is so happy. There are good people in this world. Be that person for someone because I know after this I sure will be.”
You can read the whole thread here:
WOW okay so the most amazing thing just happened to me and I can't help but share it with the world. American Airlines instituted a new policy where you have to pay to take a carry-on onto the plane. Which is ridiculous but off topic. — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
They tell me that I'm going to have to miss the flight and head back to the ticket counter to pay down there. I'm pleading, devastated after a long day of travel. Then, this man walks up and says, “How much is it?” They tell him $50 and he says “I got it.” — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
I'm crying as I write this and as I board the flight. This man was an angel. I stop him as he's sitting in first class and try to give him my money but he just shook me off and told me to pay it forward. — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
Update: It was Jermaine Gresham. pic.twitter.com/aJ0bXoNm8Q — Delilah Cassidy (@Delilah_Cassidy) May 30, 2018
A couple other NFL players have commented. They're not surprised by his kindness, saying he has always been a great person.
Maineeee!! bro always been solid ! — D.J. Humphries (@74_hump) May 30, 2018
MONTREAL — A four-year tentative agreement has been reached between Canadian Pacific Railway and the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference to end a strike hours after it began.
The parties also reached a five-year deal for the Kootenay Valley Railway.
Full operations at both railways will resume Thursday morning across Canada, the union said in a news release.
“We believe this is a fair contract that our members can feel good about ratifying,” stated union president Doug Finnson.
“I am personally very satisfied with what we have negotiated.”
The agreement is positive for 12,000 CP Rail employees, customers and the entire Canadian economy, railway CEO Keith Creel added in a separate news release.
“It is especially meaningful to achieve a four-year tentative agreement with our valued locomotive engineers and conductors, providing long-term stability for all parties involved,” he said in a statement.
“This is a significant step toward a renewed positive relationship growing forward together serving our customers and the Canadian economy.”
The tentative agreements must be ratified by Teamsters members over the coming months.
Details of the agreement are being withheld pending ratification.
Companies in this story: (TSX:CP)
FORSYTH, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – The Forsyth Police Department is welcoming another officer–one with four legs.
“Everyday he goes to work with me, and we spend the majority of our time together,” said Forsyth Police Officer Wade Kendrick.
The language they speak isn't English, but whether it's Dutch or just a good boy, Forsyth Police Officer Wade Kendrick and K9 officer Rocky have a strong bond.
“Basically we call it Daddy,” said Kendrick. “I'm Daddy, and he only listens to me for commands.”
Those commands come as part of Rocky's new job at the department–to find illegal drugs and track down missing people.
“To kinda help the officer out, not just me but the other officers here at the department get that criminal element off the street,” said Kendrick.
Kendrick brought the idea of getting a K9 officer to the police chief and city council.
“So we went to council and gave our little speech and proposal and again they had a little money set aside they were willing to give to help the police department out,” said Kendrick.
13 thousand dollars later and many hours of training, Rocky is ready to start patrolling.
“We've had several people go missing, elderly people with dementia, small children, things of that nature,” said Kendrick. “So what K9 Rocky can do is track them and bring them to safety quicker.”
Kendrick's idea came from his family growing up and working with K9s.
“When I did my internship with the state through my dad, I got to ride with a K9 unit with the state and just kinda saw what a great asset it was and what you could get out of a good K9 so that's kinda what led me to do it,” said Kendrick.
Kendrick and Rocky plan to help Forsyth be even safer.
States may have to take the lead as the federal government lags on cybersecurity, a governor said
IDG
How should the U.S. respond to cyberattacks? That's been a major question at this year's RSA security conference, following Russia's suspected attempt to influence last year's election.
Clearly, the government should be doing more on cybersecurity, said U.S. lawmakers and officials at the show, but they admit that politics and policy conflicts have hampered the government's approach.
“I wish the federal government could do this, but it's very hard, unfortunately, due to partisan politics,” said Virginia State Governor Terry McAuliffe, during a speech at the show. “They haven't been able to take the lead on this issue as they should have.”
Instead, it might be up to the states to assume a larger role in promoting cybersecurity, given that divisive U.S. politics at the federal level have been stalling government action, McAuliffe said on Tuesday.
Michael Kan The RSA conference 2017.
Collectively, state governments store more data than the federal government, including residents' tax returns, healthcare records and drivers' licenses, he said. That can make them targets of hackers, so McAuliffe has been urging other states to make cybersecurity a priority.
“It's up to the governors of this country to lean in and take the lead,” he said.
At the RSA show, U.S. Representative Michael McCaul also spoke and said the U.S. is falling behind on cybersecurity, pointing to the numerous hacks from state-sponsored hackers. “We are in the fight of our digital lives and we are not winning,” he said.
McCaul, who also chairs the House committee on Homeland Security, said Russia's suspected involvement in influencing last year's election was a “wake-up call.” But he was disappointed with the responses from the administration of President Barack Obama and Donald Trump, then a presidential candidate, to the Kremlin's alleged meddling.
“If there are no consequences for bad behavior, the bad behavior will continue,” he said. “Unfortunately, we still do not have a clear proportionate response, policies for striking back.”
However, actually coming up with a U.S. doctrine on stopping serious cyberattacks is easier said than done.
“One of the big questions out there is what is an act of war in cyberspace?” said Daniel Lerner, a staff member at the U.S. Senate committee on Armed Services, who also spoke at the show.
Currently, the U.S. treats every serious cyberattack on a case-by-case basis, which does little to dissuade the state-sponsored hackers from attacking in the first place, he said.
“That's no way to project deterrence. And it really undermines our overall security posture, if every instance is a crisis,” Lerner said.
It doesn't help that trying to accurately prove a foreign country was behind a cyberattack can be incredibly hard and might involve sensitive intelligence.
For instance, U.S. intelligence agencies have declined to share publicly classified evidence showing why they suspect Russia was behind last year's election-related hacks. In addition, the Kremlin has denied any involvement.
Nevertheless, more officials in the U.S. government want to see the country take action in the event of another cyberattack, said Brendan Shields, staff director at the House committee of Homeland Security.
“The fuse is getting shorter and shorter,” he said at a panel discussion at RSA. “I think there is a growing desire for making sure deterrence is real.”
Michael Kan Virginia state governor Terry McAuliffe (left) speaking at the RSA conference.
However, going after state-sponsored hackers is only one aspect of the problem. Much more of it has to do with defense, and protecting users from hacking threats that are coming over consumer-made products or websites.
It's an area where the private sector also needs to play a crucial role, given that IT vendors have most of the cybersecurity talent, said the Virginia governor.
“We need your ideas. We need the private sector,” McAuliffe said. “We at the state government cannot drive this. The federal government cannot drive this.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
When the Almighty set about to make Bostonians he made them from sturdy stock.
From Bunker Hill to the marathon bombing, they have shown the nation what it means to be Boston Strong.
Click here to join Conservative Patriots on Todd's Facebook page!
It's been four years since that day — the day Islamic radicals waged jihad on the Boston Marathon. Four people were killed. Sixteen people lost their legs — in the name of the religion of peace.
There are some who would rather we forget about the carnage of that day, April 15, 2013 — but we cannot and we must not.
We must never forget what the Islamic radicals did to us — the blood they spilled on American soil on Patriot's Day, four years ago.
Click here to read the full story.
Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary. His latest book is “The Deplorables' Guide to Making America Great Again.” Follow him on Twitter @ToddStarnes and find him on Facebook.
What are your favored measures for evaluating stocks? I want to see companies constantly increasing sales while becoming more profitable over time.
Those two gauges are more important than tracking quarterly earnings per share — and whether they meet, beat or miss analysts' expectations.
So I've put together a list of large companies that have increased sales significantly while improving gross profit margins.
Investors are constantly being warned not to read too much into companies' earnings announcements, not only because accounting rules can skew the bottom line in any three-month period, but also because many companies seem to obscure what's really going on.
Read: Here's how investors are duped each earnings season
Another reason not to focus too much on any quarter is that, in the long run, one earnings report and its attendant hysterical headlines about earnings “beats” or “misses” might not mean anything to a long-term investor. Then again, Wall Street promulgates this harmful obsession with quarterly results with quick-reaction reports and 12-month price targets and ratings. A year is very short for a serious long-term investor.
Since it's earnings season, I'm going to share different information that incorporates the latest results.
Through Feb. 13, 398 of the companies included in the S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.40% had announced results for quarters ending Oct. 28 or later. So I listed those that have increased sales per share the most and expanded profit margins. But I didn't confine myself to the most recent quarter. Since I focused on gross margins, the sample excluded 48 companies — mostly banks — that use other measures of profitability.
Here are the 20 S&P 500 companies that have reported the largest increases in sales per share over the past 12 reported months (through Feb. 13) from the previous 12-month period, while also improving gross profit margins:
I focused on sales per share, rather than revenue, because the per-share figures bake in any dilution from the issuance of stock for acquisitions, compensation or other purposes. This means that if a company's revenue increased dramatically because of an acquisition paid for with stock, the per-share figures are far more meaningful than the raw sales figures. The per-share figures also reflect stock repurchases.
A company's gross profit margin is its revenue, less the cost of goods sold, divided by revenue. It is a raw measure of product profitability. In contrast, bottom-line profit margins — net margins — can be misleading.
Also see: Earnings releases are still a confusing mess, and it's investors who pay the price
This table includes total returns, forward price-to earnings ratios and PEG ratios for the group:
In comparison, the S&P 500 trades for 15.9 times aggregate consensus 2018 EPS estimates. The index has returned 36% over the past three years and 92% over five years.
The PEG ratio is price-to-earnings-to-expected-EPS growth, based on consensus 2018 estimates among analysts.
Don't miss: SEC wants earnings to comply with its rules and it won't take no for an answer
You can see that most of the companies have outperformed over the past three and five years, and you might find the valuations attractive for several of them. If you are interested in any of the stocks, your next step is to do your own research and consider how likely a company is to continue making a success of its business strategy for many years to come.
Happy 4th of July! I hope you have a fun and safe holiday full of Friends, Family, and Hot Dogs. #IndependenceDay 🇺🇸🦅🌭 pic.twitter.com/CM2JMT8zMF
Land of the Free, Home of the Brave 🇺🇸🦅
Happy 4th of July from your friends at the Racing Capital of the World! pic.twitter.com/BwdYBJNNbZ
Happy 4th of July from all the amazing athletes who represent our country for @TeamUSA ! 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/oOoyljF51I
With liberty and justice for all. Wishing everyone a happy and safe 4th of July 🇺🇸🎆 pic.twitter.com/X6U89CaSb9
On Independence Day, the sports world would like to wish everyone a Happy Fourth of July!
Michelle R. Martinelli
Michelle is a writer at FTW, covering NASCAR and other sports. She once ran a 10k just because the finish line was home plate at Comerica Park.
GIRARD, Ohio (WYTV) – A Girard man faces a drug trafficking charge after police said they found crack cocaine and marijuana during a raid of his apartment.
Brandon Davanzo, 21, was arrested on Friday.
The Girard Police Department's Street Crimes Unit conducted a search of Davanzo's apartment as part of an investigation into drug sales. Police said they used a confidential informant to make three drug buys from 751 Churchill Road, Unit 4.
Police reported confiscating crack cocaine, marijuana and cash. A vehicle was also seized as part of the investigation.
WASHINGTON — Senate Republican leaders are still searching for consensus on a health care bill that doesn't yet exist while the legislative window to act begins to close and pressure from the White House to pass a measure continues to grow.
On their first full day back in Washington after more than a week-long recess, Senate leaders presented their 52-member conference with a broad outline of what a health care bill could look like for the first time.
Then they joined House leaders for a visit to the White House to meet with President Donald Trump to discuss the effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. There, the president praised House leaders for passing their version of the bill and insisted that the Senate will do the same.
“The Senate I'm sure will follow suit and get a bill across the finish line this summer that will be great health care for Americans. And I'm looking forward to seeing it — so looking forward to seeing it,” Trump said flanked by the GOP leaders at a conference table.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed McConnell on Health Care Bill: Senate 'Getting Closer' to Proposal 0:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Back on Capitol Hill, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell downplayed the importance of the all-conference health-care session, saying that it is “just one of an ongoing series of meetings” on the issue.
The GOP leader sounded optimistic, saying, “We're getting close on a proposal to whip and take to the floor,” he said. But getting the support of at least 50 of the 52 Republicans in the senate remains a difficult prospect.
Tuesday was the first time that the full GOP conference was presented with ideas for a health care bill, including a PowerPoint presentation, fashioned by key staff members during the recess. Normally talkative Republicans emerged from the more than hour-long meeting without much to say, refusing to offer many details or indicate what they thought of the ideas they had heard.
Senator Rob Portman, R-Ohio, who is interested in protecting the Medicaid expansion that has taken place under Obamacare, refused to endorse the plan, simply saying, “It's getting there.”
Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nev., who is the only Republican up for re-election in 2018 in a state that Trump lost, also said that he's not yet willing to support the plan.
“I'm looking for the small print at this point,” Heller told reporters.
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., wouldn't answer questions but it seems unlikely that he would support the direction of the Senate GOP bill, which is nothing like the complete repeal that Paul was proposing earlier this year. Paul's spokesman Sergio Gor said Paul “remains optimistic the bill can be improved in the days ahead and is keeping an open mind.”
Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, one of the co-authors of the forthcoming bill, was a bit more candid about the mood of Republicans. He said the meeting was a “good” one but called it “intense.”
“All of these discussions are intense,” Hatch said.
Republican leaders are pushing for a vote on a Senate health care bill by the end of June, an optimistic timeline that would allow the Senate to dispense with the issue one way or another.
As the backlog of Republican priorities piles up — tax reform, infrastructure, debt ceiling and government funding bills — Republicans are anxious about moving on. Aides say that it is unlikely that work on health care would go beyond July.
When asked if McConnell would bring up a bill for a vote even if he doesn't have the votes, he said, “We'll let you know when we're going to go to the floor with it.”
While the details of any Senate proposal are still vague, one priority is emerging as more health insurers exit the Obamacare individual marketplace: stabilizing the market. Anthem announced it is leaving most of Ohio's individual market in large part because the Trump administration has threatened to end cost-sharing subsidies.
“There is a concerted effort and will be a concerted effort to stabilize the market,” said Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La. “That's the first thing we have to do with those with pre-existing (conditions) and that's a big thing - a first thing and a big thing.”
Cassidy said leaders are proposing a pool of money around $15 billion per year for the first couple years to ensure people purchasing insurance outside of an employer system can access insurance.
While Republican leaders are working on the policy and politics of crafting a passable bill, the mechanics of the bill have been approved. The Senate parliamentarian ruled that the House bill can advance under the strict rules of reconciliation, a legislative vehicle that enable Republicans to pass health care with 51 votes instead of 60 but also mandates that the legislation must save money.
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said that the women who accused President Donald Trump of sexual impropriety have a right to be heard.
Haley, speaking on CBS' "Face the Nation," broke from the Trump administration line on the 16 sexual misconduct allegations that face the president. The White House has said that the women who have accused Trump were lying and voters rejected their accusations when they elected Trump.
Related: The allegations women have made against Donald Trump
But when asked whether she thought the matter was settled, Haley said “that's for the people to decide.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ambassador Nikki Haley: Trump's accusers 'should be heard' 4:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"I know that he was elected," Haley said, "but, you know, women should always feel comfortable coming forward. And we should all be willing to listen to them.”
Trump was subpoenaed earlier this year in a lawsuit filed by Summer Zervos, a former “The Apprentice” contestant who alleged that Trump tried to kiss and touch her inappropriately without her consent at the Beverly Hills Hotel in 2007.
Related: Summer Zervos defamation suit: Trump lawyer says president can't be sued in state court
Haley told CBS that all the accusers' allegations should be addressed.
"They should be heard, and they should be dealt with,” Haley said. “And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
The former South Carolina governor also said that she was proud of all the women who have come forward to share their stories of sexual misconduct in numerous industries across the country.
And, the ambassador said, it's time to take part in this important cultural moment.
“I think it will start to bring a conscience to the situation, not just in politics, but in, you know, we've seen in Hollywood and in every industry," she said. "And I think the time has come."
The man who sucker-punched a traffic agent on Staten Island was angry because the worker had issued his girlfriend a ticket, authorities said Friday.
see also Man charged with sucker-punching traffic agent The man who sucker-punched a traffic agent on Staten Island...
Divon D. Cochrane, 27, turned himself in and was charged late Thursday with assault and harassment for attacking the uniformed traffic agent in Port Richmond around 3 p.m. Wednesday, police said.
Police say Cochrane sought out the 50-year-old victim in retaliation after he issued the man's girlfriend a traffic summons.
Disturbing footage from the scene shows Cochrane on his cellphone just moments before he approaches the uniformed agent from behind near Herberton Street and Post Avenue.
Cochrane is shown following the officer as he crosses the street. The crazed man then ends the call, creeps up behind his target and punches him in the neck.
The traffic agent fell to the ground and lost consciousness, officials said. He was rushed to Staten Island University Hospital North, where he was treated for a head injury and bruising to the neck.
Michael Ray is taking us for a dip in the "Summer Water" ahead of his upcoming album release. The country singer's new track celebrates all the memories made during those warm summer months.
"Summer Water" will be featured on Ray's sophomore project, Amos, which drops June 1. While it was co-written by Heather Morgan and Lee Thomas Miller, the lyrics reflect the lessons the singer-songwriter learned while growing up down in Central Florida.
“I have so many memories from my childhood, my teenage years, even my young adult years, that all involve time spent on the water. That's where you learned to fish when you were a kid, it's the place you met up with your buddies on the weekend and even now it's where I go with my dad to just talk about life. My grandfather did the same thing with my dad—it's generational for us and something I know I'll do with my kids down the road.” Ray shared.
The nostalgic tune follows his previously released tracks including "One That Got Away," "Fan Girl," "Her World Or Mine," and "Get To You."
"gave it every song we could offer / memories float on it like a bobber / out there on the summer water"
Listen to Michael Ray's "Summer Water" below.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Jesse Duplantis said the jet would not be for his personal use, but instead "belong to the ministry"
A US televangelist has asked his followers to help fund his fourth private jet - because Jesus "wouldn't be riding a donkey".
Jesse Duplantis said God had told him to buy a Falcoln 7X for $54m (£41m).
He added he was hesitant about the purchase at first, but said God had told him: "I didn't ask you to pay for it. I asked you to believe for it."
Although preachers owning private jets is not unusual, this particular appeal has caused controversy.
Twitter users responded to the request with disbelief, with many quoting Bible verses warning against greed and "false prophets", or suggesting that the money could be better used to help the poor.
In a video address posted on his website, 68-year-old Mr Duplantis explained: "You know, I've owned three different jets in my life, and I've used them and just burning them up for the Lord Jesus Christ.
"Now, some people believe that preachers shouldn't have jets. I really believe that preachers ought to go on every available voice, every available outlet, to get this Gospel preached to the world."
Standing beside framed pictures of his current fleet, he said that the jet he bought 12 years ago was no longer sufficient for his ministry because he could not fly non-stop, meaning he had to pay "exorbitant" refuelling costs.
Another picture which appeared in the video showed the preacher standing with the three aircraft, above the caption: "It's not about possessions, it's about priorities."
Mr Duplantis justified the request by saying that Jesus had told people to "go into the world and preach the Gospel to every creature, now how we gonna do that? I can't live long enough to travel by car or by ship or by train, but I can do it by an aeroplane".
In 2015, Mr Duplantis appeared in a video with another preacher, Kenneth Copeland, in which Mr Copeland described travelling on commercial airlines as being "in a long tube with a bunch of demons".
FILE - In this Aug. 19, 2002, file photo, Denver Broncos running back Terrell Davis waves te fans as he is introduced for the team's NFL football exhibition game against the San Francisco 49ers in Denver. Davis' first visit to Denver Broncos headquarters since being elected to the Hall of Fame brought back memories of his first training camp when he couldn't see much of a future in football and came close to quitting. Jack Dempsey AP Photo
For a larger image click here!
Sayer Energy Advisors has been engaged to assist Blackspur Oil Corp. (“Blackspur” or the “Company”) with the sale or farm-out of its oil properties located in the Drumheller and Cessford areas of Alberta.
At Drumheller , Blackspur holds 50-100% working interests in over 2.75 sections of land on which it has a 100% working interest in one well producing approximately 29 boe/d, consisting of 16 barrels of oil and 80 Mcf/d of natural gas from the Ellerslie Formation.
, Blackspur holds 50-100% working interests in over 2.75 sections of land on which it has a 100% working interest in one well producing approximately 29 boe/d, consisting of 16 barrels of oil and 80 Mcf/d of natural gas from the Ellerslie Formation. At Cessford , the Company holds a 50-100% working interest in 15 sections of land which are prospective for oil in the Ellerslie, Glauconitic Sandstone and Banff Formations.
, the Company holds a 50-100% working interest in 15 sections of land which are prospective for oil in the Ellerslie, Glauconitic Sandstone and Banff Formations. As of January 7, 2017, Blackspur's wells at Drumheller and Cessford collectively have a deemed net asset value of $1,315,733 (deemed assets of $1,433,048 and deemed liabilities of $117,315), with an LMR ratio of 12.21.
To book an appointment to visit the
Data Room or for more information
please contact:
Ben Rye, Tom Pavic, Ryan Ferguson Young,
Jill Switzer or Alan Tambosso at
403.266.6133.
Giants offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan raved about the team's options on offense and all the possibilities having so many weapons can create for quarterback Eli Manning. Sullivan talked about the wide receivers — Odell Beckham Jr., Brandon Marshall and Sterling Shepard — rookie tight end Evan Engram and the potential in explosive second-year running back Paul Perkins.
Sullivan didn't specifically mention the offensive line. Perhaps there is a reason for that. That group might be the only thing preventing the Giants' offense from being one of the premier units in the NFL.
“I think we know that,” left guard Justin Pugh said Wednesday after the second of three minicamp practices. “I think that's been a theme in every season that I've been here.”
Pugh, who was held out of practice with a sore back, and center Weston Richburg are considered the two constants of the group, young talented players who could become Pro Bowlers. After them there are a series of questions marks.
The Giants are banking that young tackles Ereck Flowers and Bobby Hart will take a step forward after bringing in backup offensive guard D.J. Fluker this offseason. Oddly, they drafted only one offensive lineman, using a sixth-round pick on Pittsburgh's Adam Bisnowaty, and veteran backups Marshall Newhouse and Will Beatty were let go.
Flowers, a 6-foot-6 mountain of a man, has yet to live up to the hype as a first-round pick (ninth overall in 2015). He struggled in his second season in the league last year, rating 57th out of 78 tackles by Pro Football Focus, and committed 12 penalties, the third most in the NFL. He looks noticeably lighter this spring than his listed weight of 329 pounds.
Pugh has raved about all the extra time Flowers put in showing up at the facility early. Flowers took boxing lessons to drop weight, as did Pugh and Hart, and the Giants believe it will help Flowers deal with the league's many fast defensive ends.
“Both he and Bobby Hart have been committed to the work that they have put in throughout the winter, before we have even started the offseason program and the time they spent preparing themselves physically,” Sullivan said. “You can see that Ereck looks leaner. There is initial quickness that is there that is impressive.”
SEE ALSO Giants vouch for a new and improved Ereck Flowers There is no definitive way to know right now, not...
Obviously, such improvements were needed. There is pedigree within this young group. Two first-round picks — Pugh and Flowers — a second-rounder in Richburg and a third-rounder (by Miami) in right guard John Jerry.
Yet the Giants were 29th in the NFL in rushing yards last year, averaging a paltry 88.3 yards per game, and just six rushing touchdowns, the worst in the league. The Giants scored just 19.0 points per game, the 27th-lowest figure in the NFL, a low number considering the weapons at Manning's disposal. Pro Football Focus ranked the unit No. 20 in the league, and described Flowers and Hart as “the worst pair of tackles in the game.”
“Now it's time for us to go up as a unit and be five guys that go out there and play and play our best football this year,” Pugh said. “That's how we have to look at it. It can't be a fragmented, just the tackles, just the guards, just the center; it has to be all five of us playing better and a more cohesive unit, and that's what is going to make us successful.”
Getty Images Construction workers build the frame of a house in Hayward, Calif.
Builders broke ground on fewer homes in March, but ramped up applications for permits, as the housing recovery continued to grind forward in fits and starts.
Housing starts fell 6.8% to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.22 million, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. That was 9.2% higher than during the same period a year ago, but it missed the forecast of 1.24 million from MarketWatch's survey of economists.
But housing permits jumped 3.6% to a 1.26 million rate, suggesting a stronger pace of starts may lie ahead. Permits were 17% higher than in March 2016.
The government's new-home data is volatile and often revised heavily, but in March, starts from prior months were only revised up by a net 5,000.
Single-family starts declined 6.2% in March to an annual 821,000 pace, but that was after touching a cycle high in February. That data was revised even higher, to show a 875,000 annual pace.
Many economists believe a stronger pace of single-family home construction is a sign of a sturdier housing market and an economy supportive of homeownership. Most apartments are built for rental, not purchase. In March, single-family homes under construction were the highest since September 2008.
Also read: Here's where an entire year's salary won't get you a down payment
Americans seem ready to buy: inventories of previously-owned homes can't keep up with demand, and the Realtors industry association has urged builders to pick up the pace. Builder sentiment dipped but remained high in April, an industry group said Monday.
Despite a few stronger months, construction remains well below its long-run average, so there's room for growth. Many of the large national builders will report earnings over the next few weeks, including D.R. Horton DHI, -0.64% on Thursday and CalAtlantic CAA, -0.73% Group next week.
MKM Partners analyst Megan McGrath has a $45 price target on CalAtlantic, which was trading around $33 on Tuesday morning. “The company has previously guided to sequential improvements in gross margins for 2Q and we believe it will be important for CAA to maintain that guidance,” McGrath wrote.
The SPDR S&P Homebuilders ETF XHB, -0.22% is up about 8% so far this year.
Joe Thomas played 11 NFL seasons at a hall-of-fame level, but, for reasons beyond his control, his teams did not enjoy a whole lot of success. That's putting it nicely.
Don't feel too bad for Thomas, though. He clearly has a sense of humor about the lack of team success. It provided him with plenty of material for his retirement press conference, which Thomas turned into a roast of his time with the Browns.
“2017 Preseason World Champions. That's going to be on my grave.”— @joethomas73 😂#ThankYou73 — Cleveland Browns (@Browns) March 19, 2018
Some background on these jokes: Rod Chudzinski was fired after just one season in Cleveland. Brandon Weeden got stuck under an American flag during a pregame celebration. Sashi Brown reportedly failed to finalize a trade for A.J. McCarron last season after the team failed to report the deal to the league before the trade deadline. And former Browns GM Ray Farmer was once fined for texting coaches during a game, which is against the rules.
Good times.
Thomas also had some nice things to say about the Browns and the city of Cleveland. The entire press conference is definitely worth your time.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Most banks have come a long way in the years since the financial crisis, and many bank stocks have risen quite a bit over the past year or so. Expectations of rising interest rates, economic growth, and looser banking regulations have created a renewed sense of optimism among investors.
Continue Reading Below
Having said that, there are still some excellent long-term opportunities in the sector, many of which also pay attractive dividends. Here are five smart choices for dividend investors who want a piece of the banking sector.
Company Recent Share Price Dividend Yield Wells Fargo(NYSE: WFC) $55.67 2.72% Toronto-Dominion Bank(NYSE: TD) $49.60 3.64% U.S. Bancorp(NYSE: USB) $51.75 2.12% New York Community Bancorp(NYSE: NYCB) $13.91 4.82% Bank of America(NYSE: BAC) $23.32 1.28%
Share prices and dividend yields current as of 3/30/2017.
Image source: Getty Images.
5 top dividend-paying bank stocks
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
1. Wells Fargo
Wells Fargois a longtime favorite of Warren Buffett, mainly for its consistently efficient and profitable operations, and its history of prudent risk management. In its most recent quarter, Wells Fargo reported a return on assets (ROA) of 1.15% and return on equity (ROE) of 11.54% — both handily surpassing the industry benchmarks of 1% and 10%, respectively. In fact, over the past decade, Wells Fargo has consistently been the most profitable of the “big four” banks.
WFC Return on Equity (TTM) data by YCharts.
Additionally, because of the fallout from the infamous fake-accounts scandal, as well as a mixed first-quarter earnings report, Wells Fargo is the only one of the “big four” that's actually trading for less than it was at the beginning of 2016. Now could be a good time to get into what Warren Buffett has called an “incredible institution” at a discount.
2. Toronto-Dominion Bank
Toronto-Dominion Bank, better known as TD Bank, is based in Canada, but has a large and rapidly growing U.S. presence. Over the past decade or so, TD has grown aggressively through a series of acquisitions, as well as organically.
I recently wrote an in-depth discussion of the reasons I love TD Bank and own the stock in my personal portfolio, but one big reason is TD's emphasis on customer service and convenience. Known as “America's Most Convenient Bank” since its 2008 acquisition of New Jersey-based Commerce Bank, TD branches are open longer hours than most competitors, as well as on Saturdays and Sundays in many locations, and TD employees are known for providing more personalized service than most other banks.
3. U.S. Bancorp
U.S. Bancorp, the fifth-largest U.S. bank, is another Warren Buffett favorite. At first glance, the bank looks extremely expensive — its valuation of 2.1 times its book value is by far the highest of the big banks.
With U.S. Bank, however, you get what you pay for. The bank has one of the most profitable and efficient operations in the entire banking industry, and has done a great job of gaining market share over the past decade, having emerged from the financialcrisis even stronger than it was before.
4. New York Community Bancorp
New York Community Bancorpis a niche lender, primarily making loans on rent-controlled or rent-stabilized apartment buildings, mostly in New York City. Because it's a leader in its niche market, and because rent-controlled buildings have naturally low default rates, the bank's charge-off and delinquency rates have stayed remarkably low, even during the depths of the financial crisis. The bank has also maintained one of the best track records of efficiency in the entire banking industry, and is the most efficient bank on this list by a wide margin.
5. Bank of America
As you may have noticed from the chart, Bank of Americaactually pays the lowest dividend of any bank stock on this list. However, I believe that will change in the not-too-distant future.
Specifically, over the past several years, Bank of America has traded for a steep discount to its book value, mainly due to low profitability (which is starting to improve). To take advantage of this situation, the bank chose to spend the majority of its capital on repurchasing its own stock at a discount, thereby making dividend increases a lower priority. Now that the bank's valuation isn't far below its book value, I wouldn't be surprised if dividend growth moves up on management's priority list.
10 stocks we like better than Bank of America
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Bank of America wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Matthew Frankel owns shares of Bank of America, New York Community Bancorp, and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The Cincinnati Reds beat the Braves on Monday night in front of … well … some fans (though there was an announced attendance of more than 9,000).
Tonight's #Reds attendance: 9,463. Actual bodies in the seat: Not that many. pic.twitter.com/xXFyZ56eYS — David Jablonski (@DavidPJablonski) April 24, 2018
To be fair (as pointed out on Twitter), it wasn't the best weather.
Tarp coming off at Great American Ball Park!! #Braves pic.twitter.com/WCIazcrng4 — 680 The Fan & 93.7FM (@680TheFan) April 23, 2018
Good news though!
The #Reds have scored a run for every two dozen fans in attendance tonight. — Jeff Drummond (@JDrumUK) April 24, 2018
One comfort? The Reds are far from the only team with an empty ballpark this season.
A's will be under 10,000 attendance tonight for fourth time in nine home games. Had three last year in 81 games. pic.twitter.com/1jxm22MYGu — Jerry McDonald (@Jerrymcd) April 17, 2018
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
1. Spain
It turns out that when you don't try to score any goals, you aren't going to win! Goalkeeper David De Gea is the scapegoat for Spain, but there's plenty of blame to go around
2. Germany
What happened?! A pre-tournament favorite, knocked out by South Korea. Defending champs have now been knocked out in the group stage of the following World Cup three times in a row, with Germany joining Italy (champs in 2006, out in the 2010 group stage) and Spain (champs in 2010, out in the 2014 group stage).
3. Poland
Poland came to this tournament as the 8th ranked team in the world, then finished last in a wide-open group. We might need a new ranking system.
4. Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo
The two guys battling it out for the title of Greatest of All Time combined for five goals in the group stage – Ronaldo had four of those – but both went out in the Round of 16 on the very same day. Messi and Ronaldo still have 0 total goals in the knockout rounds of a World Cup.
Image caption The BBC is promoting the trial as providing the "best ever picture quality" iPlayer has offered
The BBC is to stream dozens of World Cup matches live in 4K resolution and high dynamic range colour (HDR) to UK-based audiences in June and July.
It will mark the first time iPlayer has covered one of the major sporting events in such quality.
However, it will limit the number of screens with access, and will do so on a first-come first-served basis.
The BBC also plans a separate virtual reality experience. One expert said the news had been highly anticipated.
"There had been a couple of earlier trials that had not been highly publicised, but now everyone who has compatible equipment should be able to see some of the best picture quality made available via a terrestrial broadcast," commented Andy Madden, content editor at What Hi-Fi? magazine.
"They should see a marked improvement in detail and a brighter, punchier picture than they had previously."
Brighter, sharper
The term 4K - which is sometimes referred to as being ultra-high definition (UHD) - refers to the fact that an image contains four times as many pixels as a 1080p high definition picture.
This can reveal details that would otherwise be obscure - including the notes written on a yellow or red card, or the time on a referee's watch.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The World Cup runs from 14 June to 15 July
The bigger the screen and/or the closer its audience is, the more obvious the enhancement provided.
Many people, however, have found that it is HDR that provides the biggest "wow factor".
The technology takes advantage of the fact modern TVs can go brighter and/or darker than they used to, providing a greater dynamic range.
As result, the shadows of an image can be made less murky while the highlights - including glints of light reflected off metal or water - can be given more impact.
HDR is also accompanied by the adoption of a "wider colour space", meaning millions more colours can be displayed than had been the case before.
BT began screening live sport in 4K in 2015, and Sky followed a year later, but neither do so in HDR.
The BBC is able to, thanks to the development of a new type of HDR called hybrid-log gamma (HLG), which has been created in conjunction with the Japanese broadcaster NHK.
As an added benefit, footage will be played at 50 frames per second rather than the normal 25fps.
Restricted view
All 29 of BBC One's World Cup matches are scheduled to be made available in 4K and HDR.
But each will be limited to "tens of thousands of people" - the exact number of iPlayer-equipped devices has not been specified in advance.
Image caption Compatible devices will offer access to the 4K HDR streams via iPlayer's home screen
To gain access, viewers must be among the first to click on the relevant home screen button just after each stream starts.
To enjoy the optimum experience, the BBC says audiences will need a 40 megabit per second (Mbit/s) internet connection - which is faster than that to which most households have access.
Those with slower download speeds may find they are provided a lower-resolution image.
BBC engineers first trialled the tech involved in public in April, when they streamed a rugby league match between York City Knights and Catalans Dragons.
More recently, they streamed the second half of the FA Cup final between Chelsea and Manchester United.
However, neither event was publicised in advance, so attracted a much smaller audience than the forthcoming competition in Russia should deliver.
Virtual spectators
In addition, the BBC plans to offer live virtual reality views of 33 games via a dedicated app, that will take account of the viewers' head movements.
It will be made available closer to the time on iOS and Android devices, as well as the Gear VR, Oculus Go and PlayStation VR headsets.
It will allow users to switch location to get the view from a "luxury private box" on high or from behind either of the two goals.
Image caption A VR view of the games will be provided via a computer-generated luxury box
While many experts see 4K and HDR as a natural evolution of today's normal broadcasts, there are doubts as to whether VR will become mainstream in the same way.
Sales of dedicated headsets have been weaker than originally forecast and compelling content has been limited - often because of the added cost involved in creating it.
If done well, live sports coverage could help drive demand, but the risk is that it feels like a gimmick.
"Virtual reality is still in its infancy and has still to catch on with the masses," commented Mr Madden.
"But it's an interesting way for people to see the World Cup."
Eli Lilly CEO Says Insulin Business Continues to Do Well
Dave Ricks, Eli Lilly CEO, discusses the current status of the insulin business and putting capital to work towards medicines in development. He speaks with Bloomberg's David Westin on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas." (Source: Bloomberg)
The number of passengers arrested for drunken behaviour on flights or at UK airports increased by 50% in the last year, new figures reveal.
There was a total of 387 arrests in the year to February 2017, up from 255 in the period from February 2015 to 2016, according to statistics obtained by BBC Panorama.
A group of boozy women whose vile behaviour saw them escorted off a Ryanair flight earlier this year
The Lancashire Post reported on a similar incident earlier this month. Read it here.
The figures were from responses from 18 out of 20 police forces with a major UK airport on their patch who were contacted by the programme.
Ally Murphy, a former Virgin Airlines cabin crew manager, told Panorama: "People just see us as barmaids in the sky.
"I was pulled into an upper-class bed by a passenger who was feeling particularly lucky I guess.
"They would touch your breasts, or they'd touch your bum or your legs, or I mean I've had hands going up my skirt before.
"It's rage inducing, and you shouldn't have to deal with that.
"I guess I never reported it to the police because sadly, and this is completely wrong and only really occurring to me now, you kind of just accept it as part of the job. And it shouldn't be."
Another cabin crew member, who was unnamed in the programme, said airline workers had found "countless" litre bottles of vodka and they felt that Alicante, Ibiza, Palma were among the worst routes.
Alexandra Wilms, of the Balearic Ministry of Tourism, called for "high fines" to try and deal with the problem as "these kinds of people don't understand any other thing than really getting punished by paying a lot of money" while Airport Operators' Association chief executive Karen Dee rejected suggestions airports are irresponsibly selling alcohol.
Ms Dee said: "The sale of alcohol per se is not a problem. It's the misuse of it and drinking to excess and then behaving badly."
Panorama also points out that the UK aviation industry brought in a voluntary code a year ago.
It recommends that airports and airlines should work together to limit disruptive behaviour and sell alcohol responsibly.
Most of the big airlines and airports have signed up to this.
580 CFRA
What's open and closed on Thanksgiving Monday in Ottawa.
City of Ottawa services:
Ottawa City Hall and all seven client service centres will be closed on Monday. Business will resume as usual on Tuesday, October 10.
The City's Provincial Offences Court is also closed on Thanksgiving Monday.
There will be no curbside green bin, recycling or garbage collection on Thanksgiving Monday. Collection will be delayed by one-day all week. There will be no multi-residential green bin and recycling collection on Monday.
OC Transpo will be operating on a Sunday schedule on Thanksgiving Monday.
Para Transpo will operate on a holiday schedule on Thanksgiving Monday. Regular scheduled trips are automatically cancelled.
Ottawa Public Library branches are closed on Thanksgiving Monday.
Some City of Ottawa pools and fitness centres will be open for public swimming and fitness classes on Monday. Check with Ottawa.ca or with the facility for details.
Businesses:
The Rideau Centre is open Thanksgiving Monday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Many businesses and vendors in the ByWard Market will be open on Monday.
Place d'Orléans, St. Laurent Centre, Carlingwood Shopping Centre and Bayshore Shopping Centre will be closed on Monday. The Tanger Outlets will also be closed.
Businesses at Lansdowne and in the Glebe are allowed to open on Thanksgiving.
The Metro and Loblaws stores on Rideau Street and Whole Foods at Lansdowne will be open on Thanksgiving Monday.
All LCBO and Beer Store locations in Ottawa will be closed on Thanksgiving Monday. Banks and most grocery stores will be closed on Monday
The desperate search for the suspect or suspects who have put Austin residents on edge with a series of explosives is now likely focused on the few clues police have on hand.
Interested in Austin Explosions? Add Austin Explosions as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Austin Explosions news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Fred Milanowski, a special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives who are on the ground in Austin, told ABC News that officials are looking at “a couple of people of interest” but added they are still actively calling for the public's help.
The most obvious avenue for investigation at this point is examining the remnants of the four devices that have exploded in Austin over a 17-day span. The explosions have killed two people and injured four others.
“Every bomber leaves a signature because they tend to make their devices the same way every time 'cause once they've perfected one they don't want to take a chance of accidentally detonating something,” Milanowski told ABC News.
But since the first three blasts stemmed from package bombs and officials believe the fourth explosive, which went off on Sunday night, was detonated by a tripwire, it could suggest that the bombmaker or bombmakers are changing their style.
“That's why this one does concern us because it's got a little more sophisticated with this tripwire,” Milanowski said.
“From preliminarily what we've seen in there, there's reason to believe that the same individual that built those built the other one,” he said.
John Cohen, a former acting Homeland Security under secretary and now an ABC News consultant, said that the leftovers from the physical bombs will play a key role in more ways than one. For example, there could be DNA left on a portion of the bomb, which authorities will then run through any number of records repositories, like criminal or military records as well as fingerprints from certain background checks or travel records like TSA PreCheck, that could match the bomb to a name.
“Even if they find DNA or fingerprints but they're not in those repositories, it won't help them identify the person, but it will help them connect the individual events to the same person,” Cohen said.
The level of sophistication in the bombs and the ability to make different types of bombs as seen in the switch to a tripwire could also be an avenue in and of itself.
Steve Gomez, a former FBI special agent in charge and current ABC News consultant, stressed the level of craftsmanship on display in the bombs so far and the level of preparation that the bomber or bombers had to commit before detonating the blasts.
“Whoever is the suspect or suspects, they are very sophisticated when it comes to bombmaking and explosives, so that's the first line of investigations that they pursue,” Gomez said, noting that “anyone in the area that has some kind of explosives-making experience” is likely going to be considered.
Gomez said it's also clear that the suspect or suspects are “utilizing a lot of planning because so far there have been no videos that have come up with a potential suspect, which indicates that the bomber is probably doing surveillance of the locations where the bombs are going to be planted.”
“It's fairly easy to determine if somebody has visible cameras or the doorbell cameras -- those are fairly easy to detect -- so that might be part of the surveillance that the bomber is conducting,” Gomez said.
Today begins the official “Israel Apartheid Week,” to be held at universities across the US and Canada. The name of course references South Africa, the country where actual apartheid policies were instituted several decades ago.
“Apartheid Week” has never been more than a smokescreen for an antisemitic hate fest, cynically marketed as a human rights campaign. Hundreds of academics, amazingly including Israelis and Jews, will be partners in this hateful annual project.
It will be a carnival including “art exhibits” throughout campuses. It will be a week in which sanctimonious but actually clueless people – people with no idea who they are attacking and who they are protecting – will shout empty slogans and blame Israel for all the evil in the world.It will be a week where anyone who dares to speak up and anyone who decides to expose these lies will be shouted down, just like what we saw happen last week at the University of Virginia, and the week before that at the University of Georgia.Let's be clear: we need to fight for human rights, especially in the human catastrophe known as Syria. And there are countless other atrocities happening all around the world. However, this is not what happens during “Apartheid Week.”So while, under Muslim rule, members of the LGBT community are thrown from rooftops, women are murdered in honor killings, there will be no protests against these horrific acts, especially during Apartheid Week but all year long, too. This glaring selectivity of concern shows more clearly than anything that the real focus of Apartheid Week is on hatred of Israel, not concern for the human rights of oppressed people.It is ironic that the coalition of anti-Israelis and antisemites has recruited all the minority groups on campus for their cause. During Apartheid Week, one can meet the resistance groups for blacks, feminist organizations, LGBT groups, human rights organizations and more.Ironic, because while all of these groups stand shoulder to shoulder with the Muslim organizations, the latter have little concern with human rights, especially women's rights. The ideology they represent and preach shows little if any resemblance to the moral backbone of justice.What does stand out in this combined effort is a glaring, almost prideful ignorance. All these organizations have combined their efforts to attack Israel without any knowledge or understanding of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.Countering this tidal wave of ignorance and venomous hatred is no small task. Our belief is that the biggest mistake would be to walk away, letting the haters have their moment unquestioned and unchallenged.We believe that we cannot abandon these campuses and not provide a counterpoint to the hatred. We are concerned about the students who know very little and who could be swayed by the false propaganda. These are students who will be the future leaders of America, filling positions of power and influence in American society. For them to be manipulated by such hatred could have terrible implications for future American support of Israel.We have and will continue to use various teams of delegates to appear on behalf of pro-Israel campus groups. Among these teams has been a group of non-Jewish emissaries: Muslim, Druse and Christian activists to campuses from both sides of the Green Line, who have clearly presented to the truth about Israel, including their own love and support for the nation.They have encountered shocked crowds that truly thought that Israel is an apartheid state. They also boldly encountered occasional disruptions that resulted in physical violence. They and our other teams are only energized and inspired by these interactions, and above all, by the opportunity to meet and discuss with those students who actually want to learn the truth about the situation.Our activists are not affiliated with any political party, nor do we have any political agenda. We are united on one issue: we cannot abandon the campuses around the world to the propaganda, lies and spreading of hatred all aimed to delegitimize the very existence of the State of Israel. We are there and will continue to be there to expose the truth.The author is the CEO of Reservists on Duty.
CAYO SANTIAGO, Puerto Rico — As thousands of troops and government workers struggle to restore normal life to Puerto Rico, a small group of scientists is racing to save more than 1,000 monkeys whose brains may contain clues to some of the most important mysteries of the human mind.
One of the first places Hurricane Maria hit in the US territory Sept. 20 was Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, a 40-acre outcropping off the east coast that is one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve.
The storm destroyed virtually everything on the island, stripping it of vegetation, wrecking the monkeys' metal drinking troughs and crushing the piers that University of Puerto Rico workers use to bring in bags of monkey chow — brown pellets of processed food that complete the primates' natural vegetation diet.
“All of our tools were destroyed,” said Angelina Ruiz Lambides, director of the Cayo Santiago facility. “Does FEMA cover this? Does the university's insurance cover this? I don't know.”
The island's history as a research center dates to 1938, when the man known as the father of American primate science brought a population of Indian rhesus macaques to the United States. Clarence Ray Carpenter wanted a place with the perfect mix of isolation and free range, where the monkeys could be studied living much as they do in nature without the difficulties of tracking them through the wild.
Since then the 400 or so macaques have reproduced and expanded their numbers, becoming the world's most studied free-ranging primate population and something of a living library.
Every animal born on the island is tattooed for easy identification, and the skeleton of every one that has died over nine generations has been saved for future reference. About 100 have had their entire genetic makeup sequenced, and hundreds more have had at least some of their DNA analyzed.
Researchers from Yale, the University of Pennsylvania, New York University and elsewhere have been spending much of the year on the island studying everything from the monkeys' eye movements to the genes and behavior of socially aberrant individuals that may provide insight into the causes of autism.
“It's completely unprecedented in its breadth and size,” said James Higham, a professor of biological anthropology at NYU who is studying the monkeys' behavior, cognition and communication.
Now the university staff and local employees who keep Monkey Island running are frantically ferrying bags of chow in a tiny skiff, feeding the macaques a survival diet and trying to reassemble the rainwater collectors and drinking troughs that keep the animals alive in the tropical sun.
Mainland scientists are bringing in equipment from chain saws to a portable pier, funded by tens of thousands of dollars raised so far in university departments and online.
Complicating the effort, the monkeys all carry herpes B, a version of the virus that is harmless to macaques but can be fatal in humans. Anyone who comes into contact with monkey saliva or urine must undergo rigorous decontamination and treatment with antiretroviral drugs.
Humans also pose risks for the monkeys. Because the hurricane destroyed the island's chemical toilet, researchers and workers can stay only until they need a bathroom break: Human waste could start an epidemic that could wipe out the monkeys.
While the rescue effort is heroic, “it's not sustainable,” said Higham, who is bringing in a container full of supplies, possibly on a ship that would anchor off the island. “They're doing the best they can do under very difficult conditions, but it needs help and attention.”
(TNS)- The latest OECD report on the Israeli economy, published earlier this year, finds unequivocally that Israel's economic growth is far from being inclusive - that is to say, not all the population benefits from it equally. The report warns that unless this situation is corrected soon, within a few decades the income of Israelis will lag the OECD average by some 30%. That will be the price of the discrimination, of leaving entire groups behind, and of faulty long-term planning.
The stress laid by the OECD, but not just by them, on inclusive growth is one of the chief results of the financial and economic crisis that broke out in 2008 and led to a fundamental change in the perception of the meaning of growth by the main economic organizations. The International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and the OECD are not satisfied with economic growth, but point out that growth needs to be inclusive, such that all society benefits from it, rather than it leading to wider economic gaps.
Jason Hsu has a word of investing advice: Today's least successful fund managers often blossom into tomorrow's biggest winners.
Standard hiring and firing procedures for money managers are backward, the UCLA-trained economist found after analyzing more than 4,000 mutual funds over the past 25 years. Poor performers over three years often revert to outperformers, while top managers frequently reverse, according to Hsu, chairman of Rayliant Global Advisors and vice chairman of Research Affiliates, a sub-adviser to firms including Pacific Investment Management Co.
Jason Hsu Photographer: Tashia Peterman via Rayliant Global Advisors
So what would he use to select the next top investor?
"I'd focus on large funds that score high on Morningstar's governance ratings," Hsu said by phone from Newport Beach, California. "I'd probably bet on mean reversion -- funds with quality people and bad luck, so their stocks would be cheaper. I'd also focus on funds with high insider ownership."
Gone are the days when investors such as Bill Gross, Ray Dalio and Jeff Gundlach carved out reputations for long stretches of success. Hsu said that's in part due to the rise of indexes and fund managers who track them closely, a shift that can make betting against big names a lucrative wager. In China, the reversals can be even more staggering given its shallower market.
"When a fund is successful, it attracts a lot of investor flows and creates a self-fulfilling positive prophecy,” he said. “The reversal is really traumatic.”
Not all losers are poised for success, Hsu said. He should know: As a CalTech undergraduate in the 1990s, during the basketball program's historic three-decade conference losing streak, just about anyone was allowed to play -- including Hsu, who came in for a few unmemorable minutes at point guard. The Beavers didn't snap the streak until 2011.
In the investing world, it's best to avoid poor-performing funds that maintain high clients fees as their assets under management dwindle, Hsu said. Instead, investors should favor funds with low fees, low turnovers, a consistent philosophy, positive corporate culture and sense of humility, he said.
— With assistance by Josh Friedman
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The US military is concerned that Russia is underestimating US capability
Moscow has condemned US military proposals to develop new, smaller atomic bombs mainly to deter any Russian use of nuclear weapons.
Russia's foreign minister called the move "confrontational", and expressed "deep disappointment".
The proposals stem from concerns that Russia may see current US nuclear weapons as too big to be used.
This could mean, according to the US military, that those weapons are no longer an effective deterrent.
Russia's counterblast
The Russian foreign ministry accuses the US of warmongering in its statement, issued less than 24 hours after the US proposals were published.
The latest thinking was revealed in a Pentagon policy statement known as the Nuclear Posture Review (NPR).
Russia says it will take "necessary measures" to ensure Russian security.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov - "disappointed"
"From first reading, the confrontational and anti-Russian character of this document leaps out at you," the statement says.
A foretaste of Mr Lavrov's anger came in a statement on Friday from the Russian senator and defence expert Frantz Klintsevich, who dubbed it "a very dangerous bet on breaking up the world strategic balance of forces" in favour of the US.
What is behind the US proposals?
They are not just about Russia.
The US military is worried about the nuclear arsenal becoming obsolete and potential threats from countries such as China, North Korea and Iran.
s
But a major US concern is over Russian perceptions. The document argues that smaller nuclear weapons - with a yield of less than 20 kilotons - would challenge any assumption that US weapons are too massive to serve as a credible deterrent.
Such bombs would have the same explosive power as the one dropped on the Japanese city of Nagasaki at the end of World War Two, killing more than 70,000 people.
"Our strategy will ensure Russia understands that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is unacceptable," the document says.
The proposed "tactical" nuclear weapons would not increase America's arsenal, which is already considerable, but would repurpose existing warheads.
Critics have accused the Trump administration of challenging the spirit of non-proliferation agreements.
What is the US doing to its nuclear weapons?
Land-based ballistic missiles, submarine-launched missiles, and air-delivered weapons - to be extensively modernised as begun under ex-President Obama
Proposed modification of some submarine-launched nuclear warheads to give a lower-yield or less powerful detonation
Return of sea-based nuclear cruise missiles
Reality Check: Where are the world's nuclear weapons?
Global stocks continued to rebound Tuesday, getting a fresh lift as North Korea pulled back its threat to attack Guam.
After days of heated rhetoric between North Korea and President Donald Trump, Pyongyang dialed back the political tensions Tuesday with North Korean state media saying Kim Jong-un had decided not to fire missiles at the U.S. territory.
South Korean markets were closed for Independence Day and Japan's Nikkei NIK, +1.23% led the gains in Asia with a 1.4% rise after a 1% drop on Monday. Tokyo stocks were also boosted by a pullback in the yen as the dollar JPYUSD, -0.541605% moved back above the psychologically-important ¥110 level.
Still, worries over North Korea was capping the yen's strength.
“They are thinking twice because risk-off means buying yen, but Japan is too close from a geopolitical perspective,” said Kyoya Okazawa, head of global markets for BNP Paribas in Japan. As such, short-yen positioning could be capping the currency Tuesday, he added.
In Taiwan, the headline Taiex index Y9999, +0.68% was up 1%, after having lost as much Monday, lifted by major tech companies which were seeing gains in excess of 1%.
Elsewhere, Australia's S&P/ASX 200 XJO, +0.71% climbed 0.7% with strength in the country's big banks, which have a heavy weighting in the index, following more upbeat earnings news. New Zealand's NZX-50 NZ50GR, +0.72% gained 0.8% and looked poised to set another record closing high.
Asia's stock gains Tuesday were followed by strong rebounds in Europe and the U.S. as well, with the S&P 500 logging its biggest one-day gain since April at 1%.
The stock gains in Asia on Monday and early Tuesday put markets in the region on pace to erase losses suffered late last week.
Improved risk appetite also added to downward pressure on gold. The metal, which is considered a haven in times of uncertainty, ended a three-session streak of gains on Monday and London spot prices was recently down 0.5%. Bond yields were also slightly higher as investors moved into riskier assets.
Energy stocks lagged after a 2.5% slide in oil futures overnight, the biggest drop in five weeks. Although crude prices were little changed in Asian trade Tuesday, the S&P/ASX 200's energy subindex slid 0.9% and Japan Petroleum 1662, -0.31% fell 0.5%.
WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve is imposing more penalties on Wells Fargo, freezing the bank's growth until it can prove it has improved its internal controls. In addition, bank agreed to replace four board members.
It's the latest blow against the San Francisco bank that has had its reputation tarnished by revelations it opened phony customer accounts and sold auto insurance to customers who did not need it.
The new penalties were announced late Friday on Fed Chair Janet Yellen's last day at the central bank.
“We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank,” Yellen said in a statement. “The enforcement action we are taking today will ensure that Wells Fargo will not expand until it is able to do so safely and with the protections needed to manage all of its risks and protect its customers.”
The Fed said it is restricting the bank's assets to the level where they stood at the end of last year until it can demonstrate that it has improved its internal controls.
The announcement came after the close of trading on Wall Street Friday. Wells Fargo's stock fell more than 6 percent in after-hours trading.
“We take this order seriously and are focused on addressing all of the Federal Reserve's concerns,” CEO Timothy Sloan said.
Wells Fargo said that it is confident it will satisfy the Fed's requirements and reiterated that it remains “open for business.”
The bank said it will continue to meet customer's financial needs, including saving, borrowing and investing.
It said it has the flexibility on its balance sheet to pull back from certain activities to meet the Fed's growth limits, although its exact steps have not been determined.
Sloan also emphasized that the order is related to prior issues, not any new matters.
“While there is still more work to do, we have made significant improvements over the past year to our governance and risk management that address concerns highlighted in this consent order,” he said.
The company has agreed to replace three directors by April and another one by year-end. It did not specify which board members would be affected.
The Fed's new order marked the latest chapter in a series of scandals which have rocked the bank in recent years.
Wells Fargo has admitted that employees opened more than 3 million fake accounts in order to meet sales quotas. It ended up paying $185 million to regulators and settled a class-action suit for $142 million.
It also has admitted it signed up hundreds of thousands of auto loan customers for auto insurance they did not need. Some of those customers had their cars repossessed because they could not afford both the auto loan and insurance payments.
And Wells Fargo also offered refunds to customers last year after acknowledging that its mortgage bankers unfairly charged them fees to lock in interest rates on mortgages.
The Fed's action came on a 3-0 vote. Randal Quarles, who is the Fed's vice chairman for supervision, has recused himself from participating in matters involving Wells Fargo.
Nigeria football needs surgery—Akpoborie
Ex-international, Jonathan Akpoborie has revealed that the country's football requires total re-jigging if the various national teams must create a successful impact in 2017.
Football in the outgoing year had a contrasting success after the Flying Eagles and Golden Eaglets failed to qualify for this year's African championships while the Super Eagles who couldn't qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations, are having a decent run in their quest to qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup after beating Zambia and Algeria to remain top of group B.
The same thing can be said of the Super Falcons who clinched the 2016 Africa Women's Cup of Nations in Cameroon for the eighth time.
However, the former Wolfsburg striker, has said that Nigeria football needs total rejigging ahead of 2017.
“It's sad that Nigeria football still remains at a very low level, of which I believe we should have exceeded the level we are today. Imagine that the Flying Eagles, Golden Eaglets and Super Eagles failed to qualify for the 2017 CAF tournaments, when I know that we have quality players at our disposal. It was only the Super Falcons and Nigeria's U-23 team that made the country proud in 2016,” Akpoborie recalled.
“The basic problems was just poor planning from the part of our administrators (Nigeria Football Federation) because ordinarily, if we were organised, nothing could have stopped Nigeria from qualifying for those tournaments. In all, 2016 gives us the opportunity to correct our wrongs and prepare ahead of future challenges. Mind you, the Super Eagles will continue their quest of qualifying for the World Cup, where they are top of the group and it will be disastrous if the Nigeria Football Federation fail to keep certain things right.
“It is my belief however, that Nigeria football needs total surgery if we must maintain our status as the giant force of African football. Certain people in the NFF don't really have any responsibility and should be made to leave so that our football can enjoy maximum success.” he said.
The post Nigeria football needs surgery—Akpoborie appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In a July radio interview, deputy prime minister Barnaby Joyce said it was "black and white" that dual citizens couldn't sit in parliament, adding that "ignorance is not an excuse".
Just 28 days after the interview, the New Zealand government confirmed the deputy prime minister was a Kiwi dual citizen, through descent from his father.
Joyce is not resigning or standing down from cabinet like other MPs who've fallen afoul of Section 44 of the constitution, with the government suggesting it is confident it'll win a High Court case because of Joyce's apparent ignorance about his Kiwi citizenship.
But during an interview with ABC Radio National's Patricia Karvelas on Tuesday, 18 July, Joyce said this in the wake of Greens senators Larissa Waters and Scott Ludlam resigning:
JOYCE: I don't think for either Scott Ludlam or Larissa Waters there was anything malicious about it. I think merely an oversight, but unfortunately that's the law. It's like if you're driving on the road without a licence and you get pulled over. Well, you're in a spot of bother. They were members of parliament. It's quite clear under Section 44, you can't be a member of parliament and have dual citizenship. It's black and white. The outcome is black and white. That's just, that's just the way it is.
KARVELAS: Does the law set the bar too high? Is it time to have a look at Section 44 of the Constitution?
Re: 300 win mag hunting load Nothing wrong with shooting 150s out of a 300 Win Mag. Fast and flat is what some people are after. I wouldn't consider it a good choice for long range hunting but we might have different definitions for that. Inside of 500 yards the 150 is pretty awesome. 180s are surprisingly good out to 1000 yards. Most of the shooters on this forum are looking for a load that will have minimal wind drift and perform on game at the limits of what their rifle is capable of, and for a 300 Win Mag that means 190-230 grain bullets. The 208 A-Max and 215 Berger Hybrid are excellent performers out of this cartridge with H1000. So, go ahead and shoot the 150s if you'd like to, but I doubt you'll get much info about such loads on this forum. Might be best to look at some loading manuals or online data from Hodgdon and Nosler to get an idea of where to start. Let us know what you come up with.
Sierra Leone's electoral commission has denied that blockchain technology was used during the country's 7 March elections. A Swiss-based group called Agora had said that it used technology similar to that behind the BitCoin cryptocurrency to provide a partial tally of election results. Some press reports had lauded Sierra Leone's election as the ‘world's first blockchain-powered elections'.
"The NEC [National Electoral Commission] has not used and is not using blockchain technology in any part of the electoral process,” Mohamed Conteh, head of the NEC, said in a tweet on Sunday.
Blockchain technology emerged with the creation of Bitcoin and is a digital ledger of records much like a traditional database, except that it is encrypted and stored across several computers.
A report on the Quartz website, that has since been updated, had described it as a “global landmark”, saying that “votes cast were manually recorded by Agora”.
The CoinDesk website, which is popular among cryptocurrency enthusiasts, said that Agora was providing “unprecedented insight” into voting. The headline for its article dated 8 March, one day after Sierra Leoneans went to the polls read, “Sierra Leone secretly holds first blockchain-powered presidential vote”.
RFI reported on the story. It confirmed with the country's electoral commission that Agora had only been afforded observer status for the polls. Furthermore, Agora's involvement was unofficial, it only carried out tallying in two districts and its results differed from the official results as announced by the NEC.
Agora's claims and unverified reports in the media have been met with some consternation amongst Sierra Leoneans who have been following the polls.
“What concerns me is the hype that followed what they did,” Morris Marah, founder of Sensi Innovation Hub in Freetown, told RFI.
“Some articles, for example, one we saw on Businessinsider said, ‘Sierra Leoneans vote using blockchain,'” said Marah, referring to an article that referenced other unverified media reports. “It was misleading,” he added.
Tamba Lamin, technical architect for the Sierra Leone Open Election Data Platform, wrote a blog post describing Agora's claims as “fake news” that were “misleading”.
“Agora is claiming undue credit for doing nothing that helped the people of Sierra Leone,” Lamin wrote on Medium. “As Sierra Leoneans, we find this unethical and insulting to the people of this country.”
Leonardo Gammar, Agora's chief executive officer, in an interview with RFI, set out his vision for the technology his company developed. He described Sierra Leone's elections as a “use case” not the “full implementation” of their e-voting system.
Nevertheless, Sierra Leonean tech experts also cast doubt on the usefulness of Agora's system.
“I don't really see what the innovation is,” said Marah, whose Sensi Innovation Hub aims to provide a co-working space for technologists and entrepreneurs.
“There was another group that was basically using WordPress and spreadsheet to publish the results,” he added, making a comparison with Agora's system and that of a website content management system used alongside software such as Microsoft Excel.
“Their involvement in all of the result tallying was very limited,” said Marah, describing their status as observers as similar to a media house that could carry out a compilation process and publish unofficial results.
“It would be like me showing up to the UK election with my computer and saying, ‘let me enter your counting room, let me plug in and count your results,'” said Marah, who's involved in the Sierra Leone Decides project.
Agora's results for the two districts they tallied differed considerably from the official results, according to an analysis of the two sets of statistics carried out by RFI.
The difference was due to different standards of what Agora deemed acceptable in terms of spoilt or invalid ballots, Agora's CEO Gammar told RFI in an email.
Additionally, Agora did not provide a blockchain explorer to make the workings of this system open and transparent. For cryptocurrencies, such as BitCoin or Ether, a blockchain explorer is a common way of displaying the transactions carried out on the network. However, this was absent from Agora's website.
The website for Agora also boasts partners such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, the University of Freiburg and the Geneva Diplomatic Circle. However, searches on their website yield no results for apparent connections between these organisations and Agora.
Agora received no “outside funding”, according to Chief Operating Officer Jaron Lukasiewicz, although it is “process of closing an outside capital investment unrelated to the election”, he said in comments via email.
“What these guys [Agora] are saying is great,” said Marah, saying that he's not necessarily pessimistic about the use of blockchain technology. “But they haven't really tested it because they basically took a paper card of the results and put it on their system. That's what everybody else is doing, that's not new,” he added.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. — New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker traveled to Alabama to campaign for Democratic Senate nominee Doug Jones on the final weekend before voters go to the polls.
But the clear subtext of Booker's visit was the 2020 presidential election.
While this red state isn't competitive in general elections at the presidential level, Alabama and other Deep South states can be pivotal in Democratic primary races. As Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton demonstrated, a contender who can consolidate the support of African-American voters in this part of the country has a major advantage in trying to win the party's nomination.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Women voters will be key to Alabama Senate election 3:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"For any candidate that's interested in running in 2020, Alabama is in play. We're going to be a player," state Rep. Anthony Daniels, Alabama's first black House minority leader, said after Jones spoke to a Baptist congregation here.
While Booker's known to political insiders in Alabama, Daniels said, this campaign swing for Jones will make him a more familiar figure among rank-and-file voters. "It probably helped him, too," Daniels said.
With @GDouglasJones, visiting churches in Birmingham this morning. So grateful for the rousing greeting we are receiving at every church. The energy is so uplifting. Alabama votes on Tuesday. pic.twitter.com/6xero2ZLSU — Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) December 10, 2017
At a rally in Birmingham on Sunday afternoon, Booker was asked by a reporter why a New Jersey senator would come to Alabama — and he stressed his ties to the state.
"My roots go into this state. My family were coal miners in the state of Alabama. I owe a debt to Alabamans, and I can't pay it back — those generations have passed — but I can pay it forward," he said. "I'm here to try to let folks know how special this community is, how special this state is."
As he spoke, a man in the crowd shouted, "Booker 2020!"
Asked about that, Booker deflected by noting that his Senate seat is up the same year.
Still, Booker had an opening to lay some political groundwork that wasn't available to all of the 2020 hopefuls. For the most part, Jones' campaign wanted national-level Democrats to stay out of the state, fearing that his opponent, Republican Roy Moore, would attack Jones for involving outsiders in the race.
When former Vice President Joe Biden came to the state in October, Republicans seized on his appearance to tie Jones to national Democrats and interest groups that align with them.
But the Jones camp's informal embargo on Democratic heavyweights did not apply to members of the Congressional Black Caucus, as the candidate's hopes hinge in part on mobilizing black voters. Democratic Rep. Terri Sewell, the only African-American in the state's nine-member congressional delegation, organized appearances by several black lawmakers over the weekend.
Booker is one of three black Democrats who are often mentioned as potential presidential contenders in 2020. One of the others, former Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick, also campaigned with Jones. The third, California Sen. Kamala Harris, had looked at the possibility of going to Alabama but had a scheduling conflict, according to one of her aides.
Newark Mayor Cory Booker takes the stage to speak during day one of the Democratic National Convention at Time Warner Cable Arena on Sept. 4, 2012 in Charlotte, North Carolina. Joe Raedle / Getty Images
She has found other ways to support Jones, the aide said, including headlining a Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee event for Jones in Washington; raising nearly $170,000 for him using her e-mail list; signing onto a MoveOn.or appeal for him that netted more than $200,000 for him; and donating $5,000 from her political action committee.
Though Jones' focus in the final days of the campaign has been on turning out black voters, who account for about 27 percent of the state's population and made up 19 percent of the electorate the last time a Democrat, Don Siegelman, was elected governor in 1998.
Jones has become a cause célèbre for national Democrats — across the racial and ideological spectrum — because Moore has been accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls and because they abhor his record and comments on same-sex marriage, issues of importance to racial and religious minorities and other matters. But most elected Democrats have offered their support from a distance and stayed out of the state.
Not Booker, who surely knows the value of African-American voters in Democratic primaries in the South.
In 2016, Clinton beat rival Bernie Sanders in the Alabama primary with 78 percent of the vote. Her victory was fueled by 91 percent support among black voters, who accounted for 54 percent of the electorate, and she took 44 of the state's pledged Democratic convention delegates to Sanders' nine.
That 35-delegate margin was her fourth largest in the country, behind only Texas, Florida and Georgia. And Clinton, who claimed 359 more pledged delegates than Sanders did nationwide, netted a 153-delegate edge in the Deep South states of Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, South Carolina and Louisiana, according to a calculation of Green Papers data.
She won those states handily because of the near-monolithic support she had among African-American voters, who accounted for half or the majority of the Democratic primary electorate in each of them. And all of them voted early in the primary process, helping her to stake out a big lead and build the narrative that Sanders could not overtake her. Similarly, Obama relied on the backing of African-American voters to defeat Clinton for the 2008 Democratic nomination.
The question for Booker and any Democratic presidential hopeful in 2020 is whether he or she can repeat the performances of Clinton and Obama in consolidating African-American support, or if black voters here and in states with similar demographics will split among the eventual contenders. It's far too early for voters to start making those kinds of decisions, but not for candidates to begin subtly wooing them.
In interviews with NBC over the weekend, some voters said they were aware of Booker before his weekend swing through the state.
Huntsville resident Marilyn King, 61, said it was "courageous" that Booker had lived for years in a foundering housing project in Newark so that he could immerse himself in the community and "honorable" that he came to campaign for Jones.
"There's something about Southern people: We don't forget things too easily," she said. "I think we're appreciative of him coming down. But we're going to watch him and see where he goes. So far he's looking good."
FRANKFURT/AMSTERDAM: Top critics of the European Central Bank's (ECB) asset purchase scheme expressed fresh doubts about the effectiveness of the program on Wednesday, laying down their arguments just as the bank prepares for a debate on extending the measures.
With its unprecedented €2.3 trillion ($2.6 trillion) bond-buying scheme set to run until year's end, the ECB will have to decide this autumn whether to keep on buying to prop up a still weak inflation rate or start winding down the program.
Conservative countries led by Germany, the bloc's biggest economy, have long opposed the scheme arguing that its effect is questionable while risks are underestimated. With growth on its best run in a decade, they say the time has come for the ECB to step back.
Jens Weidmann, president of the powerful Bundesbank, argued that the ECB, now a top creditor to euro zone governments, is at risk of coming under political pressure because any hint of policy tightening poses the risk of pushing yields higher and blowing a hole in national budgets.
“At the end of the day, this can lead to political pressure being exerted on the Eurosystem to maintain the very accommodative monetary policy for longer than appropriate from a price stability standpoint,” Weidmann told a conference on Wednesday.
“After all, in the context of these asset purchases, changes in monetary policy impact more directly on governments' funding costs than interest rate moves,” he added.
At its June meeting, the ECB did not even discuss winding down its asset-purchasing scheme — a process known as tapering — but hawks want that to begin relatively soon, starting in 2018.
Analysts say there is a chance that when the ECB meets in September it could opt to continue buying bonds beyond the end of this year, perhaps at lower volumes.
That would allow the bank to keep its options open rather than committing to a firm, if relatively distant, date in the future.
Dutch central bank chief Klaas Knot argues that the impact of the scheme on inflation has been negligible so far, even if it has helped growth.
“I think the effect (of asset buys) has been there in keeping the economic recovery going,” Knot told Dutch lawmakers on Wednesday. “But the effect on inflation has just been what you would call disappointing. Full stop.”
“If you look at core inflation... then actually inflation has been flat for four years, flat as a pancake, and so you can barely observe any effect,” Knot said.
Research published by the ECB on Tuesday argued that the initial launch of the scheme in 2015 is having an increasing impact on inflation. While the boost was negligible in early 2015, this grew to 0.18 percentage points by the end of 2015 and 0.36 percentage points in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Having flirted with deflation for years, price growth is now comfortably above 1 percent but is not expected to reach the ECB's target of almost 2 percent at least through 2019.
While the measures seem to be working much more slowly than the ECB had hoped, Estonian central bank chief Ardo Hansson, also considered a hawk on the rate-setting governing council, argued that this is no justification for more stimulus.
“We cannot expect that there would be a very quick transition from monetary policy decisions to inflation,” Hansson told Reuters in Tallinn. “We believe generally that the real economy is firming up and if we believe in these measures, then we should be just a bit more patient.”
“We do not necessarily need to think that more measures are necessary. They will work their way through the system,” Hansson said.
Defending the ECB's measures, Vice President Vitor Constancio said that policymakers still do not see a convincing and self-sustaining rise toward the ECB's inflation target.
FRANKFURT/AMSTERDAM: Top critics of the European Central Bank's (ECB) asset purchase scheme expressed fresh doubts about the effectiveness of the program on Wednesday, laying down their arguments just as the bank prepares for a debate on extending the measures.
With its unprecedented €2.3 trillion ($2.6 trillion) bond-buying scheme set to run until year's end, the ECB will have to decide this autumn whether to keep on buying to prop up a still weak inflation rate or start winding down the program.
Conservative countries led by Germany, the bloc's biggest economy, have long opposed the scheme arguing that its effect is questionable while risks are underestimated. With growth on its best run in a decade, they say the time has come for the ECB to step back.
Jens Weidmann, president of the powerful Bundesbank, argued that the ECB, now a top creditor to euro zone governments, is at risk of coming under political pressure because any hint of policy tightening poses the risk of pushing yields higher and blowing a hole in national budgets.
“At the end of the day, this can lead to political pressure being exerted on the Eurosystem to maintain the very accommodative monetary policy for longer than appropriate from a price stability standpoint,” Weidmann told a conference on Wednesday.
“After all, in the context of these asset purchases, changes in monetary policy impact more directly on governments' funding costs than interest rate moves,” he added.
At its June meeting, the ECB did not even discuss winding down its asset-purchasing scheme — a process known as tapering — but hawks want that to begin relatively soon, starting in 2018.
Analysts say there is a chance that when the ECB meets in September it could opt to continue buying bonds beyond the end of this year, perhaps at lower volumes.
That would allow the bank to keep its options open rather than committing to a firm, if relatively distant, date in the future.
Dutch central bank chief Klaas Knot argues that the impact of the scheme on inflation has been negligible so far, even if it has helped growth.
“I think the effect (of asset buys) has been there in keeping the economic recovery going,” Knot told Dutch lawmakers on Wednesday. “But the effect on inflation has just been what you would call disappointing. Full stop.”
“If you look at core inflation... then actually inflation has been flat for four years, flat as a pancake, and so you can barely observe any effect,” Knot said.
Research published by the ECB on Tuesday argued that the initial launch of the scheme in 2015 is having an increasing impact on inflation. While the boost was negligible in early 2015, this grew to 0.18 percentage points by the end of 2015 and 0.36 percentage points in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Having flirted with deflation for years, price growth is now comfortably above 1 percent but is not expected to reach the ECB's target of almost 2 percent at least through 2019.
While the measures seem to be working much more slowly than the ECB had hoped, Estonian central bank chief Ardo Hansson, also considered a hawk on the rate-setting governing council, argued that this is no justification for more stimulus.
“We cannot expect that there would be a very quick transition from monetary policy decisions to inflation,” Hansson told Reuters in Tallinn. “We believe generally that the real economy is firming up and if we believe in these measures, then we should be just a bit more patient.”
“We do not necessarily need to think that more measures are necessary. They will work their way through the system,” Hansson said.
Defending the ECB's measures, Vice President Vitor Constancio said that policymakers still do not see a convincing and self-sustaining rise toward the ECB's inflation target.
Follow @insidefutbol
Josh Windass has revealed that he is relishing having played as a number 10 in Rangers' recent matches as he is of the opinion that he is best suited to playing in that position.
The 23-year-old, who has been in sublime form since Graeme Murty was appointed by Rangers as their interim boss after the sacking of Pedro Caixinha at the end of October, has been deployed as an advanced midfielder.
Windass has found the back of the net once and provided two assists in the three matches he has played as a number 10.
And the Englishman, who has also played as a winger and a midfielder in the current campaign, insisted that he always wanted to prove himself in the number 10 role as he believes it is his best position.
“It's the position Rangers bought me from [playing in]”, Windass said on Rangers TV, when asked how much he is enjoying playing as a number 10.
“And that's the position I've always wanted to try and prove myself in because I feel it's my best position.
“So, to get an opportunity to play in that position in recent games has been enjoyable.”
Windass, who struggled for consistency under Caixinha, went on to add that he wants to carry his present impressive form forward.
“I've always felt that I'm a Rangers player”, he continued.
“If I didn't have that belief then there would be no point in me playing really because that's half the battle.
“Obviously the run in form is good and hopefully I can carry on.”
Windass, who joined Rangers from Accrington Stanley in the summer of 2016, has netted five goals and set up two more in 17 league games this season, with four goals and two assists coming while playing under Murty.
PRESS RELEASES
Provider's reach expands with leading operator
Malta, 25 April 2018: Multi-award-winning casino games developer Pragmatic Play has taken its content live with leading online operator Mr Green.
Building on its reach with another significant operator integration, Pragmatic Play games including Wolf Gold, Diamond Strike, Gold Rush, Hot Safari and more are now available to Mr Green's casino players.
Melissa Summerfield, Chief Commercial Officer at Pragmatic Play, said: “We are delighted to take our growing portfolio of casino games live with Mr Green, an operator that shares our passion for bringing players an online casino experience dedicated to quality and innovation.
“Every spin of the reels in a Pragmatic Play game offers fun, excitement and innovation, and we are certain our games will prove hugely popular with Mr Green's customers.”
Benedict McDonagh, Head of Games at Mr Green, said: “We are always looking to expand our offering with exciting new video slots and we feel that Pragmatic Play's portfolio fits the bill. We look forward to a successful partnership.”
Releasing two games a month, Pragmatic Play provides its partners with a catalogue of more than 80 premium video slots, which now feature on many of the world's leading casino brands.
The provider recently expanded its expertise into new verticals, announcing seven new scratchcards based on a selection of its popular video slots and debuting a ground-breaking, mobile-first bingo product.
For more information on this release or to arrange an interview please contact Tom Lewis at Square in the Air on 020 3586 8257 or tom.lewis@squareintheair.com
About Pragmatic Play
Pragmatic Play is one of the fastest growing mobile and desktop providers of digital casino games for the online gaming industry. Our passion for premium entertainment is unrivalled and we strive to create only the most engaging and evocative gaming experiences. Pragmatic Play's Games Library contains unique in-house content consisting of over 80 proven slot games, supporting 23 languages and all major currencies. We employ our extensive expertise to ensure that each high-quality game developed in our studios represents our mantra of innovation and dedication.
For more information please visit http://pragmaticplay.com/
Comments
By BARBARA ORTUTAY and ANICK JESDANUN
AP Technology Writers
NEW YORK (AP) - Facebook likes can tell a lot about a person. Maybe even enough to fuel a voter-manipulation effort like the one a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm stands accused of - and which Facebook may have enabled.
The social network is now under fire after The New York Times and The Guardian newspaper reported that former Trump campaign consultant Cambridge Analytica used data inappropriately obtained from roughly 50 million Facebook users to try to influence elections. Among that information were users' likes.
Facebook stock plunged 7 percent in trading Monday. The head of the EU parliament has promised an investigation. U.S. congressional members and Connecticut's attorney general are seeking testimony or written responses. After two years of failing to disclose the harvesting, Facebook said Monday that it hired an outside firm to audit Cambridge Analytica and its activities.
What's not clear, though, is exactly how effective Cambridge's techniques are.
Researchers in a 2013 study found that Facebook likes on hobbies, interests and other attributes can predict a lot about people, including sexual orientation and political affiliation. Computers analyze the data to look for patterns that might not be obvious, such as curly fries pointing to higher intelligence.
Chris Wylie, a Cambridge co-founder who left in 2014, said the firm used such techniques to learn about individuals and create an information cocoon to change their perceptions. In doing so, he said, the firm "took fake news to the next level."
"This is based on an idea called 'informational dominance,' which is the idea that if you can capture every channel of information around a person and then inject content around them, you can change their perception of what's actually happening," Wylie said Monday on NBC's "Today."
Late Friday, Facebook said Cambridge improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded an app described as a personality test. Those people agreed to share data with the app for research - not for political targeting. And the data included who their Facebook friends were and what they liked - even though those friends hadn't downloaded the app or given explicit consent.
During the 2016 presidential elections, Cambridge worked both for the primary campaign of Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz and President Donald Trump's general-election campaign. Trump's campaign paid Cambridge more than $6 million, according to federal election records, although officials have more recently played down that work.
Cambridge was backed by the conservative billionaire Richard Mercer, and at one point employed Stephen Bannon - later Trump's campaign chairman and White House adviser - as a vice president.
The type of data mining reportedly used by Cambridge Analytica is fairly common, but is typically used to sell diapers and other products. Netflix, for instance, provides individualized recommendations based on how a person's viewing behaviors fit with what other customers watch.
But that common technique can take on an ominous cast if it's connected to possible elections meddling, said Robert Ricci, a marketing director at Blue Fountain Media.
Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to "explore mental vulnerabilities of people." He said the firm "works on creating a web of disinformation online so people start going down the rabbit hole of clicking on blogs, websites etc. that make them think things are happening that may not be."
Wylie told "Today" that while political ads are also targeted at specific voters, the Cambridge effort aimed to make sure people wouldn't know they were getting messages aimed at influencing their views.
The Trump campaign has denied using Cambridge's data. The firm itself denies wrongdoing, and says it didn't retain any of the data pulled from Facebook and didn't use it in its 2016 campaign work.
Yet Cambridge boasted of its work after Cruz won the GOP caucuses in Iowa in 2016.
Cambridge helped differentiate Cruz from his similarly minded Republican rivals by identifying automated red light cameras as an issue of importance to residents upset with government intrusion. Potential voters living near the red light cameras were sent direct messages saying Cruz was against their use.
Even on mainstay issues such as gun rights, Cambridge CEO Alexander Nix said at the time, the firm used personality types to tailor its messages. For voters who care about tradition, it might push the importance of making sure grandfathers can offer family shooting lessons. For someone identified as introverted, a pitch might describe keeping guns for protection against crime.
It's possible that Cambridge tapped other data sources, including what Cruz's campaign app collected. Facebook declined to provide officials for interview and didn't immediately respond to requests for information beyond its statements Friday and Monday. Cambridge also didn't immediately respond to emailed questions.
Facebook makes it easy for advertisers to target users based on nuanced information about them. Facebook's mapping of the "social graph" - essentially the web of people's real-life connections - is also invaluable for marketers.
For example, researchers can look at people's clusters of friends and get good insight as to who is important and influential, said Jonathan Albright, research director at the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia University. People who bridge different friend networks, for example, can have more influence when they post something, making them prime for targeting.
The Pew Research Center said two-thirds of Americans get at least some of their news on social media, according to Pew Research Center. While people don't exist in a Facebook-only vacuum, it is possible that bogus information users saw on the site could later be reinforced by the "rabbit hole" of clicks and conspiracy sites on the broader internet, as Wylie described.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In a victory for environmentalists and Native American activists, a federal judge ruled that the Army Corps of Engineers did not adequately consider the Dakota Access Pipeline's impact on the environment and ordered the agency to reevaluate parts of its analysis.
In a 91-page opinion issued Wednesday, US District Judge James Boasberg said that while the Army Corps "substantially complied" with the National Environmental Policy Act, it failed to fully weigh how an oil spill could affect the Standing Rock Sioux tribe.
"The Court agrees that [the Corps] did not adequately consider the impacts of an oil spill on fishing rights, hunting rights, or environmental justice, or the degree to which the pipeline's effects are likely to be highly controversial," Boasberg wrote.
The Standing Rock Sioux tribe had sued the Army Corps twice before, but failed to prove the controversial pipeline could hurt historic sites and spoil sacred waters.
This time, however, Boasberg acknowledged that the federal permits, which were granted by Trump's executive order in January, broke the law in some aspects. The permits enabled the pipeline to cross the Missouri River, upstream of the Standing Rock reservation.
Standing Rock Tribal Chairman Dave Archambault II hailed the judge's decision as a major victory.
“The previous administration painstakingly considered the impacts of this pipeline and President Trump hastily dismissed these careful environmental considerations in favor of political and personal interests," he said. "We applaud the courts for protecting our laws and regulations from undue political influence, and will ask the Court to shut down pipeline operations immediately."
For now, though, the pipeline is still allowed to operate until Boasberg reviews further briefings from both parties. A conference has been scheduled for June 21.
After months of protest, the pipeline started pumping domestic crude oil commercially on June 1. Though Its systems leaked more than 100 gallons in March as crews readied it for its debut.
Google and Amazon are so not cool with each other right now.
A tit for tat between the two tech giants just reached a new level, with Google announcing Wednesday it is restricting YouTube access on Amazon products, since Amazon doesn't sell Google's products.
Both companies sell rival television streaming devices and voice-activated speakers — and one of the big selling features of its Echo Show, which is equipped with a screen, was the ability to watch YouTube videos.
​“We've been trying to reach agreement with Amazon to give consumers access to each other's products and services. But Amazon doesn't carry Google products like Chromecast and Google Home, doesn't make Prime Video available for Google Cast users, and last month stopped selling some of Nest's latest products," a statement from Google said. "Given this lack of reciprocity, we are no longer supporting YouTube on Echo Show and FireTV. We hope we can reach an agreement to resolve these issues soon."
Amazon's Peter Larsen introduces Amazon Fire TV during a press conference in New York on April 2, 2014. Diane Bondareff / Invision for Amazon/AP Images file
Related: Amazon will now deliver inside your home — and record the whole thing
So, for now, Amazon's Echo Show and its Fire TV can only access YouTube via its existing website, not through the app.
"Google is setting a disappointing precedent by selectively blocking customer access to an open website," said Amazon said in a statement. "We hope to resolve this with Google as soon as possible."
Amazon users have been greeted with a message letting them know they won't be able to access YouTube on their devices, effective Jan. 1, 2018.
I use firestick to watch YouTube primarily and suddenly this message appears today. No #youtube on #FireTV from 1/1/18. Great! pic.twitter.com/Pe53chi4ft — Eqbal Ashraf (@eqbalashraf) December 6, 2017
So Google's feud with Amazon just reached my living room. Got this screen when I launched YouTube on my Amazon Fire TV. pic.twitter.com/vtmcuBTtE9 — Cornell Ngare (@cngare_) December 5, 2017
While both companies have said they hope to come to an agreement as soon as possible, customers are the ones losing, according to Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy.
"This is a huge consumer issue, and I believe demonstrates the problem with such concentration of power with Google and Amazon," said Moorhead. "The problem here is simple. Consumers bought Amazon devices with the belief they could watch YouTube, but they can't."
Amazon controls 70 percent of the voice-activated speaker sector, according to a report from eMarketer.
see also Elderly victim recounts horrifying rape An elderly woman bravely took the stand Monday to confront...
A Brooklyn man was sentenced to 115 years behind bars Tuesday for the brutal rape of an 83-year-old widow​ ​–​ ​but was too cowardly to show his face in the courtroom to hear the decision.
Asa Robert, 20, was found guilty in Dec. 2015 of suffocating, raping, and sodomizing the woman after breaking into her Brighton Beach home during the summer of 2015.
The widow, whose name is being withheld, was not in court to hear the sentencing​ ​–​ ​as reliving the ​details of the ​rape during Robert's trial re-traumatized her, prosecutor Olatokunbo Olaniyan told the court.
A recreant Robert stayed away as well, but because he was scared of the cameras, his defense attorney Samuel Karliner said.
“My client is choosing not to be present during this proceeding,” Karliner told Brooklyn Supreme Court Justice Vincent DelGiudice. “[Robert] specifically said he does not want to come out because he does not want his picture taken.”
Karliner added that Robert “fully maintains his innocence.”
But DelGiudice, scoffed at Robert's petulant decision to hide in a cell, and called his conduct “unspeakable.”
“The basic tenant of civ behavior is to have deference towards those more vulnerable than everyone else, particularly the aged,” the jurist growled.
“I see no logical reason or any grounds to offer any mercy to this defendant,” DelGiudice said as his eyes rested on the empty chair. “He showed no mercy to any of his victims.”
Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez commended the sentence, saying it is “necessary to protect the public from a clearly dangerous individual.”
Robert will again face a jury in February, when he returns to court to be tried on charges of assaulting a police officer.
AG probes school boot of 'paper gun' kid State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is investigating a private school that booted an 8-year-old student for threatening other kids with a paper gun, The Post has learned. Officials from the...
Teacher says ‘paper gun' tot needs to be in school The 8-year-old boy tossed from his Manhattan special-needs school for threatening other students with a paper “gun” belongs in the classroom, one of his teachers insists. As The Post reported...
Two people have been charged after South Simcoe Police say an assault rifle and about 25 grand worth of cocaine was seized. Officers took search warrants to two Bradford homes Thursday, as part of a month-long investigation into Bradford drug trafficking. Two people were arrested, a 52-year-old man and 51-year-old woman, and the pair face Trafficking and Firearms charges.
Federal and local law enforcement officers in at least five states were on the hunt Monday for an armed and dangerous fugitive accused of filming himself killing an elderly Cleveland man and uploading the video to Facebook.
"Our reach right now is basically all over the country," Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said at a press conference Monday afternoon as the frantic search for Steve Stephens was in its second day.
"We are not going to leave any stone unturned," he added.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cleveland Police Chief: Manhunt for Suspect Steve Stephens Now a 'National Search' 0:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Stephens was on the run after posting footage of the apparent random killing of Robert Godwin, 74, in northeast Cleveland near the Lake Erie shore.
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson said the FBI and other federal authorities were now offering a $50,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of Stephens.
"We also want to emphasize that we are still engaged in a very aggressive and focused attempt to find Steve Stephens and bring him to justice," Jackson said at the press conference.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI: Suspect Who Posted Execution on Facebook Could be Anywhere 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Williams said the crime was "personal" for him as it struck down a person who was just "minding his own business, going about his day on Easter."
Stephens, a job counselor for teens and young adults, boasted about having committed many other homicides — but police said Monday they could not verify that claim.
Police officers were combing through Cleveland as authorities in four other states — Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan — were all warned to be on alert for Stephens, who is wanted on a charge of aggravated murder, officials said.
"He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between," FBI agent Stephen Anthony said at an earlier news conference.
Related: Suspect Likely Sought 'Attention': Criminologists
"We're going to make this individual's world very, very small," U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott said at the Monday morning news conference.
There were reported sightings of someone fitting Stephens' description in Philadelphia's Fairmount Park on Monday afternoon, city police said, but "so far there is no indication suspect is in" the area.
Steve Stephens, accused of killing a person live on Facebook, in an undated photo provided Sunday by Cleveland police. Cleveland Division of Police
In a series of posts Sunday on what authorities said was Stephen's Facebook page, the suspect complained he had "lost everything" to gambling. The posts named specific people with whom the user wanted to speak. He wrote that he had "killed 12 people today" — and wouldn't stop until he could speak to his mother and a second woman.
A later post read: "I killed 15 today because of [the second woman.]" The user referred to the purported killings as his "Easter day slaughter." Williams, the police chief, said Monday "there are not other victims that we know of."
NBC News archived the Facebook posts before the account was removed. "This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the company said in a statement.
Williams said Monday afternoon that authorities had spoken to several people with whom Stephens had contact and that they had been cooperative with the investigation. He would not specify if this included Stephens' mother or the second woman.
An NBC News crew went to an address listed for the Stephens mother but were turned away by police who were already there.
Williams said that authorities were not aware of one specific event that could have led to the killing, adding "I don't think there is any rhyme of reason for this happening."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Massive manhunt underway for killer who posted murder on Facebook 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Authorities initially said Sunday that the suspect "broadcast the killing on Facebook Live," the social network's live video platform, but a spokesperson later said the disturbing footage was recorded and uploaded. Stevens did use Facebook Live at least once on Sunday, the spokesperson said.
Williams has not addressed the details of the Facebook posts, but said: "If Steve has an issue, he needs to talk to folks to get that resolved."
"Steve, I know you have relationships with the clergy out here," Williams added. "I encourage you to call them and turn yourself in."
Gary Jackson, a longtime friend of Stephens, told NBC News that when the two spoke last Thursday, everything seemed fine.
Jackson, 47, said Stephens mentored foster kids — Beech Brook, a children's mental health center, confirmed his employment — and said he was stunned that his friend is accused of such a horrific crime.
In Jackson's view, it was Stephens' personal turmoil that spun him out of control.
"I don't think he's killed those 14, 15 people," he said. "From what I know of him that's just him calling out for help."
Jackson added that he sent Stephens a text making sure that his friend knew as much.
"Whatever it is hurting you — you're about to put that pain on somebody else," Jackson said he told Stephens. "That ain't right."
By Sunday night, Jackson hadn't heard back.
A high-school romance-gone-bad is rocking Pace University — with the bitter former lovebirds turning the school into their own personal war zone, according to a new Manhattan lawsuit.
Freshman Ari Grossman filed a lawsuit in Manhattan federal court saying his ex-girlfriend and current classmate Kalya Torrey started their vicious feud by lying that he raped her in order prevent him from attending Pace — his dream college.
Grossman said he and Torrey ended their Malibu, Calif., romance when they were 15 years old — but that they parted amicably. He had no idea there was bad blood until after he had been admitted to Pace's acting program, which prompted Torrey's parents to call his parents and demand he drop out, the lawsuit said.
After Grossman refused to drop out, Torrey asked the District Attorney's office to bring charges, although none were filed, the lawsuit said. Torrey then filed for a temporary restraining order against Grossman, but the judge ordered the Malibu, Calif., residents to settle the case and they agreed to just stay away from each other, the lawsuit claimed.
Once at school, the situation escalated — with each side accusing the other of stalking and harassment.
Torrey filed so many complaints against Grossman in the first few weeks of school — seven between Sept. 4 and Sept. 11 — that the dean had to intervene and tell them to just cool it, Grossman's suit says.
The final straw for Grossman came when his ex accused him of stalking her in the food hall in November — and he ended getting tossed in a cell for 12 hours with his legs and hands in shackles until he was freed.
He was released from custody after being charged with criminal contempt.
The NYPD has since dropped the charges after video surveillance of that day failed to prove stalking, the lawsuit said.
Still, Grossman is suing the school and Torrey for having him improperly arrested via campus security. He also expects to add the NYPD to the list of defendant as soon as the proper paperwork is filed, his lawyer Julie Goldberg told The Post.
“It's just been a horrible college experience for him,” Goldberg said. “We feel at this point he is not being protected.”
Torrey's father Michael, who designs and builds custom homes, declined to comment on the lawsuit or what he called “a sad situation.”
“Obviously we don't agree with anything” in the lawsuit, he said. “But we think it is inappropriate to comment.
“This is playing with these kids lives and it's a sad situation,” he added.
Pace also declined to comment, with spokesman Scott Trent saying that the school has not yet been served with the complaint.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, buoyed by his army's capture of a Kurdish stronghold in northwest Syria, threatened to extend the offensive against separatist Kurdish militants to eastern Syria and northern Iraq.
Turkey's military will shift their campaign to several towns under the control of the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, including Manbij, Kobani, Tal Abyad, Rasulayn and Qamishli, “until this terror corridor is fully eliminated,” Erdoğan said Monday. Turkey's threat to attack Manbij, where U.S. troops are based, has put Ankara at loggerheads with Washington, and talks between the NATO allies have so far yielded no agreement. The U.S. also has a diplomatic presence in Kobani.
Erdoğan on Sunday claimed victory in the cross-border operation he launched in January to expel the YPG from Afrin, a town along the Turkish border. While the loss of Afrin delivered a major blow to the YPG's hopes to establish a contiguous autonomous region, Turkey has resolved to clear the separatist fighters from other areas near its frontier.
Turkish authorities see the YPG as an extension of PKK militants who have used bases in northern Iraq as a springboard for attacks on Turkish targets in a decades-long war for autonomy.
Erdoğan Threat
Turkey has served notice to the Iraqi government in Baghdad that its forces would attack the major PKK camp on Mount Sinjar near the Syrian border unless Iraq takes action.
“If you are going to handle this, you do it,” Erdoğan said in remarks directed at Iraq. “If you can't handle it, then we may suddenly enter Sinjar one night and clear out the PKKs there.”
Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said earlier that Turkish and Iraqi armies would carry out a joint offensive against the PKK bases in northern Iraq, probably after Iraqi elections set for May 12.
Turkey has had hundreds of troops deployed at the Bashiqa training based near the northern Iraqi city of Mosul since the end of 2014. It has also had a tank battalion stationed near the Iraqi frontier town of Bamerni for about two decades, and has frequently sent planes and troops across the border to target the PKK.
The U.S., meanwhile, expressed deep concern over reports that many residents had fled Kurdish-majority Afrin under threat of attack from the Turkish army and allied rebel forces.
“This adds to the already concerning humanitarian situation in the area, with United Nations agencies reporting a displaced population in or from Afrin district in the hundreds of thousands, who now require immediate shelter and other assistance to meet basic needs,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in an emailed statement on Monday. “We have repeatedly expressed our serious concern to Turkish officials regarding
the situation in Afrin.”
— With assistance by Laura Curtis
David Attenborough's epic series Planet Earth II is “a significant contributor to the planet-wide extinction of wildlife,” a rival nature producer for the BBC has said.
Springwatch presenter Martin Hughes-Games launched a direct attack on Planet Earth II, which reached more than 12 million viewers when it aired last month, becoming the most-watched nature programme in 15 years.
In an article written for the Guardian, Hughes-Games expressed his admiration for the show's “splendid music” written by Hollywood composer Hans Zimmer and its “luxurious” pictures.
He urged, however, that “fantasy should be balanced by reality”, pointing to evidence of mass extinction showing that between 1970 and 2012 there had been a 58% decline in the vertebrate (animals with backbones) population worldwide.
Martin Games-Hughes
“I fear this series, and others like it, have become a disaster for the world's wildlife,” Hughes-Games said, “These programmes are pure entertainment, brilliantly executed but ultimately a significant contributor to the planet-wide extinction of wildlife we're presiding over.”
He later added: “We cannot simply carry on producing escapist wildlife fantasy almost totally ignoring the manmade mass extinction raging around us.”
Planet Earth II
Hughes-Games proposes a “conservation tax”, whereby a fifth of natural history commissions would be “significantly conservation-oriented”.
Attenborough, it is worth noting, did use Planet Earth II to make a plea for greater conservation. At the end of the final episode he spoke of “our responsibility to do everything within our power to create a planet that provides a home not just for us, but for all life on Earth”.
SAN FRANCISCO — California Sen. Dianne Feinstein was interrupted by boos and jeers from protesters at a town hall meeting Monday, facing accusations from constituents that she wasn't doing enough to stand up to President Donald Trump.
At a rare public forum in California, she told a mostly full auditorium at the San Francisco Scottish Rite Masonic Center that she was committed to opposing the Trump administration.
But angry constituents yelled “you're a sell-out” and “stand up” as she discussed foreign and domestic policy, arguing that Trump's election called for more forceful language and action than Feinstein was used to.
The majority of people at the forum seemed in support of Feinstein, greeting her with loud applause. She won cheers when she pledged to support legislation to rein in corporate money from elections and investigate the Trump administration's ethics violations.
Specifically, she said her staff on the Senate Judiciary Committee is “looking very closely at the emoluments clause,” the constitutional clause involving foreign support that some believe makes Trump ineligible for president. She also said she was investigating business trips conducted by Trump's sons.
But she heard loud boos when she said she was “not there” on supporting complete single payer healthcare and didn't explicitly oppose Trump's missile strikes on Syria. During the very first question, one man stood up and shouted at Feinstein while the crowd yelled back and forth. Later on, a barking dog joined in the cacophony.
Minor chaos at Dianne Feinstein's SF town hall as protester yells and crowd yells back. This was during the very first question pic.twitter.com/hISFunhZfH — Casey Tolan (@caseytolan) April 17, 2017
She called North Korea the “number one problem” in the world, and an “acute danger for us,” with the Syrian war being the number two problem. “This is something I have never seen in my lifetime,” she said of the humanitarian crisis in Syria.
Several attendees urged her to be more forceful in her public statements. The son of a Holocaust survivor asked her to agree that “politics as usual” was dead and to commit to not “normalize” the Trump administration. She responded that “you have an idea,” and asked for his name and phone number, before moving on to the next question.
Related Articles A few things you might not know about sanctuary cities
21,000 people, 18,000 eggs: Trump White House braces for Easter Egg Roll
Berkeley: Trump-related protests end with 23 arrests
US: North Korean test missile explodes on launch
Photos: Berkeley Trump rally violence, arrests When she was interrupted while discussing Syria, she said. “OK, if you believe you know more about it than I do, you go right ahead. If you want me to speak, you're going to have to let me speak.”
Later, she told protesters, “you're pretty good at yelling… You can sit here and pound your fists and I can show you what I've gotten done.”
And when hecklers called her a “hawk,” she responded, “why don't you leave the name-calling out of it.”
Feinstein repeatedly tried to stress that she was just one senator out of 100, and was in the minority party of her chamber. She gave a long explanation about the Senate's filibuster and cloture processes.
Questioners were chosen by a random drawing, while the crowd of about 750 people held up green and red “agree” and “disagree” signs. A few wore the pink pussy hats popularized by the post-Trump Women's March.
Some speakers complained that Feinstein didn't hold enough town halls, and chose to hold this one on a workday morning far from a BART stop. In response, she pledged to hold another town hall on a weekend in the summer. She also has another town hall scheduled this week for Los Angeles. Although she holds weekly meetings with California residents in Washington, D.C., big town halls in California like this aren't as common.
Feinstein, whose term is up next year, refused to say whether she was running for re-election. “You'll find out,” she told reporters after the forum. No Democrat has announced a challenge to her, although UC-Berkeley molecular biologist Michael Eisen is running as an independent. Feinstein has been raising money for her campaign committee.
A poll conducted by the UC Berkeley Institute of Governmental Studies last month found that when voters were reminded that Feinstein will turn 85 next year, a majority say her running for re-election would be a “bad thing for California.”
Cynthia Papermaster, a Berkeley activist, walked in front of the stage while Feinstein was speaking with a handwritten sign reading “Barbara Lee for Senate 2018,” supporting the anti-war East Bay Congresswoman who hasn't said anything about running for Senate. Lee “doesn't blindly follow what the military wants to do,” Papermaster, 70, said in an interview. “We need new leadership.”
Outside the auditorium, on an overcast, drizzly day, a small group of protesters hoisted signs and argued that Feinstein wasn't doing enough to oppose Trump. They were divided between those who had specific complaints about Feinstein and others who were just fed up with politics in general.
Carole Seligman, a retired schoolteacher from San Francisco, wore a big red sign reading “No tax $ for war” around her neck. “Dianne Feinstein is a warmonger,” she said. “She hasn't stood up to Trump.”
Seligman, 71, said she's felt energized to get more politically involved since the election. “I've never been to so many demonstrations in my life,” she said. “Every week, there's something. It's heartening.”
The group Indivisible, which is trying to organize anti-Trump residents, was out in force at the meeting, wearing black t-shirts with the group's red logo. Aram Fischer, one of the group's local leaders, said he wanted to see Feinstein do more to stop Trump from detaining undocumented people in his neighborhood.
“We need to know that Senator Feinstein is representing us, and right now that means protecting us,” Fischer said. “We're here to demand that Feinstein stands up to an extent she hasn't before to defend our people.”
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store
Just like the real Adolf Hitler, wannabe Führer Harald Zenz is an Austrian art school reject and a diehard aficionado of the Third Reich, officials said.
The 25-year-old had also taken acting lessons because “he wanted to learn to move like Adolf Hitler,” an acquaintance told local media, The Local reported.
Zenz, who sparked an uproar in an Austrian town for impersonating Hitler, was arrested Monday on charges of glorifying the Nazi era.
The dopey doppelganger — who claimed his name was Harald Hitler — amassed a trove of Third Reich materials in his home in Braunau am Inn, where Hitler was born, officials told The Local.
For the past two weeks, Zenz had been seen wandering around in military garb while sporting Hitler's infamous moustache and side-parted hair. Photographs also showed him in traditional attire, including a loden jacket and lederhosen.
He was arrested under a 1947 Austrian law which made it illegal to promote Nazi ideology.
Police said Zenz, who had no previous criminal record, told them he planned to move to Munich in Germany and “get involved in politics” but had run out of money.
Alois Ebner of the public prosecutor's office said Zenz — a “serious” fan of Hitler — could face a prison sentence of between one and 10 years.
He added that he appeared to be mentally sound of mind.
Braunau, a town of 17,000, has made recent headlines because of its historical ties to Hitler.
In December, the government expropriated the dilapidated building where Hitler was born — a move designed to stop the building from becoming a pilgrimage site for Nazi sympathizers.
Father says 'demonic' ex-wife took God from daughter's life His “demonic” model ex-wife took God out of his daughter's life, an investment banker claims in a Manhattan Supreme Court lawsuit. Bear Stearns financier Manuel Asensio, 62, who once slammed...
Ex-Bear Stearns banker Lisbeth Barron starts her own firm Entertainment banker Lisbeth Barron is going it alone. The former partner at Bear Stearns and Centerview is setting out her own shingle after completing a ton of big deals during...
Financier claims blackmail in suit against 'demonic' ex-wife An investment banker who admits he wed a beautiful model in a “marriage of convenience” is now ­suing her — claiming her “demonic capacities” to extort and blackmail him have...
Ben Bernanke: My bailout needs a bailout! Ben Bernanke thinks his bailout program needs rescuing — from some on Capitol Hill. The former Federal Reserve chairman said if a bill two senators are pushing becomes law, it...
Dimon says no doubt about it: Bear Stearns was a bad idea Jamie Dimon got Bear Stearns for a bargain price — and he says he's still paying for it. Seven years after the financial crisis, the JPMorgan Chase boss now says...
My awkward call with the late great Alan 'Ace' Greenberg Ace Greenberg liked to play cards. Bridge was his favorite game, but he was known to keep a deck of cards on his desk to distract himself from the rigors...
Viral video shows 8-year-old boy helping elderly woman up steps An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after he hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville, Ga. Courtesy of Riley Duncan ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after he hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville, Ga. Courtesy of Riley Duncan
By Matt Lombardo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- The Eagles look to end their 58-year championship drought and win their first Super Bowl in franchise history on Sunday against Tom Brady, Bill Belichick, and the New England Patriots at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minn.
While it would be easy for Doug Pederson, Nick Foles, and the rest of the Eagles to get caught up in the mystique of the Patriots' five championships in this era of dominance, they have managed to downplay that factor all week.
"I am not worried about their dynasty. They may have a dynasty but that's what we are looking to start here in Philly," Jeffery said at the Mall of America on Wednesday. "I am trying to win a trophy man. We want to bring this thing back to Philly for the first time. All of that dynasty stuff, that [expletive] doesn't matter to me."
Here's a roundup of picks and predictions from national NFL reporters and analysts for Super Bowl LII:
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent. “The Man” was recorded with the producer Jacknife Lee during album sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles. The song finds frontman Brandon Flowers looking back on his younger self, the persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss, and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man he is now.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
By Takudzwa Chitsiga
Dynamos coach Lloyd Mutasa believes they are getting stronger with each passing day and they have covered almost 75 percent of the work ahead of the 2017 Premiership season.
Mutasa has brought on board several rookies after dumping a number of seasoned players.
“So far, so good. Everything is going according to plan ever since we resumed our pre-season preparations,” said Mutasa.
“The players are responding well to training although match fitness is still a cause of concern, but we know we will get there.
“We have covered almost 75 percent of the work and we hope everything will go according to plan as we already have the players we want in place.
“If we are to add any players from the ones we have, I think they have to be special additions considering that we have a mixture of seasoned and rookies in the team.”
Dynamos played their first practice match against Central Region outfit Nichrut in Kwekwe at the weekend as they continued with their preparations.
“The game gave us an opportunity to assess most of our players and we gave them 60 minutes of play as they are still adjusting.
“I hope with more games coming, we will see them playing up to 75 minutes before we embark on full games. Some stayed behind and played Herentals in another friendly match,” said Mutasa.
Nitchrut is now under the guidance of former Chapungu head coach John Nyikadzino, who has on his books the former Dynamos trio of Alick Marime, Vimbai Madamombe and Farai Vimisai.
The Glamour Boys have so far lost former captain Stephen Alimenda, Rodrick Mutuma, who has been training with Highlanders, Sydney Linyama, Brett Amidu, goalkeeper Tatenda Mukuruva, Godknows Murwira and Dominic Mukandi. The Herald
New Dolphins defensive backs coach Tony Oden was asked Wednesday if there's any player, beyond Reshad Jones, who he could say with certainty would be a starter for his unit this season.
“Definitely can't,” he said.
Now let's be real: Xavien Howard almost assuredly will start at one cornerback spot. But two starting jobs in the defensive backfield are genuinely open, and at least three other starting spots on this team are, too.
A look at those five starting decisions that could extend into mid-August or beyond:
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
▪ Linebacker: Expect Stephone Anthony to get a long look for the third starting spot alongside Kiko Alonso and Raekwon McMillan. “Stephone can do it all — drop into coverage, play the run,” Alonso said.
But Jerome Baker, the third-round pick, figures to play some in passing situations and could compete to start in base if he proves adequate against the run in preseason.
Chase Allen can't be ruled out. Allen played 219 snaps on defense last season; Anthony played 130 after his September acquisition from the Saints.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins Linebacker Kiko Alonso (47) talks about the speed in this new Dolphins defense as well as covering the crafty Dolphins backfield during practice. Bryan Cereijo
The Dolphins so far haven't been linked to former Eagles starter Mychal Kendricks, who is taking visits elsewhere. And Miami will play with two linebackers a lot of the time.
▪ Safety: The Dolphins aren't going to immediately insert Minkah Fitzpatrick in the lineup ahead of T.J. McDonald. But they weren't thrilled with how the Jones/McDonald tandem worked in the second half last season — Jones had a 120.9 passer rating in his coverage area for the year, McDonald 112.3 — and it would be shocking if Fizpatrick isn't starting at some point this season, if not immediately. Regardless, Fitzpatrick will play a lot.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins 1st round draft pick Minkah Fitzpatrick talks with media at rookie camp. Charles Trainor Jr
“He's smart; he's all the things we thought he would be,” Oden said of Fitzpatrick. “You can tell he's played in a lot of games [at Alabama]. Very good communicator. Wants extra study. Those things are more mature than most. He's fallen in line exactly what we thought he would be.”
▪ Cornerback: Bobby McCain is being given a legitimate chance to compete with Cordrea Tankersley and Tony Lippett for the spot opposite Howard.
Quarterbacks had a 119.8 passer rating in Tankersley's coverage area last season, compared with 77.3 for McCain. The Dolphins liked some of what they saw from Tankersley last season but not everything and aren't inclined to simply hand him the starting job.
Lippett must show he's fully recovered from last August's torn Achilles to join this battle. He missed Wednesday's practice with an undisclosed injury unrelated to his Achilles.
Has Lippett regained all his skills?
“He has all the skills, but everyone looks good [in OTAs],” Oden said. “Preseason game, that's when you find it out. He's doing exactly what he needs to do. I have zero complaints. … He's an NFL corner. Our training staff has done a phenomenal job, and he's done a phenomenal job.”
▪ Third receiver spot opposite Kenny Stills and DeVante Parker: Both Albert Wilson and Danny Amendola will play a lot, but who starts at Miami's third receiver is a tossup.
Each started a combined 12 games the past two years, with Amendola starting eight games for the Patriots last season, Wilson starting seven for Kansas City.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Kenny Stills, Miami Dolphins WR, is glad the team got the win but is unhappy with his performance. Charles Trainor Jr.ctrainor@miamiherald.com
“Amendola is a savvy guy; he's good off the line with his releases,” McDonald said. “He's a tough, gritty guy. Albert Wilson can run. He's got great hands."
Wilson made something out of nothing on a 22-yard catch and run for touchdown Wednesday. He had the third-most broken tackles of any NFL receiver last year.
▪ Tight end: At this point, it's impossible to rule out any of four possibilities — rookies Mike Gesicki and Durham Smythe or veterans AJ Derby or MarQuies Gray, with Gavin Escobar and Thomas Duarte also on the roster.
The Dolphins would love if Gesicki and Smythe are ready to assume No. 1 and No. 2 duties by September, but it's way too early to tell. Gesicki made an acrobatic catch during one drill Wednesday, but if he's going to start immediately, he can't be a liability in run blocking — and Miami won't know that until August.
The Dolphins like the upside of Derby, and Gray – who was unhappy with his playing time last season — is a serviceable stopgap if all else fails.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins Defensive Tackle Davon Godchaux (56) talks about the new defensive line coach, Kris Kocurek, and improving and setting personal goals for this upcoming season. Bryan Cereijo
As for other positions, Robert Quinn is expected to supplant Andre Branch as a starting defensive end, and Jordan Phillips and Davon Godchaux are favorites to start at defensive tackle, though Akeem Spence will play a lot.
At kicker, the Jason Sanders/Greg Joseph battle remains tight. Sanders, the rookie seventh-rounder, hit from 49 yards Wednesday but missed from 44 and 54.
Follow @insidefutbol
West Ham United boss David Moyes has admitted to feeling frustration with his side's January transfer window, following the Hammers' 3-1 defeat at Brighton.
Moyes started with January signing Joao Mario against the Seagulls on the south coast, while another new signing, Jordan Hugill, was introduced with ten minutes left of the Premier League encounter.
West Ham are only three points clear of the relegation zone in the league standings, though they do sit in 12th spot, a sign of the congested nature of the bottom half of the table.
And Moyes has admitted that he is closing the book on the January window feeling frustrated at not having landed a third player, which he feels the Hammers needed.
" I'm a little bit frustrated by the transfer window – we needed a third player but didn't get that at the end", Moyes told the BBC.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
“It's pretty hilarious that in 2017, a drawing is making the world go nuts.”
That's what artist Edel Rodriguez says about his cover for Der Spiegel magazine that broke the internet last week.
But to be fair, it's not just any drawing. It's a cartoon of President Donald Trump, standing in the pose of a jihadi warrior. In one hand, he holds the severed head of the Statue of Liberty, which is dripping blood onto the floor. In the other hand, he grasps a bloodstained knife. Der Spiegel's online version even has an animated version of the image, with the blood dripping from Lady Liberty's head.
The image sparked fierce debate online and in the press. Germany's Die Welt daily said the cover “damages” and “devalues” journalism. Another paper, the center-right Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, wrote that equating Trump and terrorism is too simple.
The artist, Edel Rodriguez, disagrees: “I don't think you can be subtle about what's happening right now,” he said. “I think we were subtle […] during the primary. And because of that, because the media treated it as sort of show and wasn't very serious about it, we have the president that we have right now.”
Rodriguez started doing Trump covers last year. When it looked like the Trump campaign was in a tailspin, Rodriguez drew covers for Time magazine that showed Trump's head melting into a puddle, like the Wicked Witch of the West.
After Trump won the election, he drew a cover for Der Speigel featuring Trump's head as a fiery sun hurtling towards planet earth.
Rodriguez is already brainstorming for his next cover: “I can have Trump sitting on the Statue of Liberty's head like [Auguste Rodin's] 'The Thinker.' And all that's in his mind is a Twitter bird!”
Or in case the president does a 180 on his political views, Rodriguez says, “maybe he's on the statue, and he's sewing the head back on and we're all good again. … Or if he gets impeached, I have an image for that.”
But he's not giving spoilers on that one.
Rodriguez compares Trump to a schoolyard bully. And, he says, just like with any bully, people have to fight back.
“When I was a kid, I would go outside and get in trouble with someone," he says. "They might punch me, and I'd come home crying, and my dad would say, just go out there and punch them harder next time. That's how I grew up.”
Rodriguez spent his childhood in Havana, Cuba. He came to the United States as a refugee when he was 9 years old, on the Mariel boatlift in 1980.
Rodriguez says his experience as a political refugee informs his reaction to Trump: “Growing up in Cuba, I saw firsthand how people behave in a dictatorship. How they're afraid to talk. So when I've been here [in the US], and I've seen people do that, it jogs my mind.”
Rodriguez says he started making political art to warn people, saying, “Hey, this is very serious! This is very important! Pay attention, pay attention, please pay attention. Part of it is that I've been there, and I've seen what could happen.”
From PRI's The World ©2016 PRI
The Florida woman who was forced to walk naked down a frigid Harlem street by her unhinged boyfriend bravely took the stand against him Monday, telling jurors how she'd planned to leave the jealous monster in the days before the incident.
The 24-year-old threw Jason Melo a steely glance before she began to describe his years of abuse, which included calling her a “whore” and throwing her phones out the apartment window in envious fits of rage.
Melo cowardly stared down at the defense table as the woman, whose name is being withheld, walked in​ ​–​ ​even going so far as to limply leaf through some papers in front of him to avoid looking at the mother of his child.
“He made it very clear to me many times that we were not together, he said that many times–that he didn't love me,” she said softly as Melo avoided eye contact.
“He broke several phones of mine,” the woman, who moved back to Florida after the incident, told jurors. “It would be over stupid things. One time he didn't like a picture I took, so he threw my phone out the window.”
She described another incident, at a family party, where Melo's uncle asked her to dance, and then Melo forced her to leave and derided her as a “whore” on the way home. On another instance, he bit her cheek in anger, she told jurors.
“I was going to leave,” she said of the days leading up to the incident.
Jurors earlier heard that Melo punched the then-22-year-old in the face before forcing her into the street wearing boots and a towel in January 2016, after he allegedly found pictures of other men on her phone.
In footage that horrified the city, but which has since been removed from Instagram, Melo could be seen following the woman, her thin frame wrapped in a bath towel, down the block while he berates her in Spanish.
Jurors Monday watched the disturbing two-minute clip, in which Melo reaches out and yanks the towel away, forcing the naked woman to seek refuge between two parked cars as she attempts to cover herself.
“This is what you deserve,” he shouts. She eventually wraps herself in a dirty-looking motorcycle cover as he continues to film her.
Melo faces up to seven years behind bars if convicted on the top count of felony coercion.
"There is zero evidence that they influenced the election," Sean Spicer told Fox News.
Due to become White House press secretary when Trump enters the White House on Jan. 20, Spicer told CNN the president-elect would see the intelligence report once it was completed later this week. On Saturday, Trump warned against being quick to pin the blame on Russia for the hacking of U.S. emails.
"The idea that we're jumping to conclusions before we have a final report is irresponsible," Spicer told CNN.
President Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian suspected spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies last week for alleged Kremlin involvement in hacking that intelligence officials said aimed to help the Republican Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election.
Leading lawmakers from both parties have voiced alarm at the suggestion of Russian interference, whether or not it made a difference in the outcome.
Republican John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has scheduled a Thursday hearing on foreign cyber threats. The new Congress, elected on Nov. 8, takes office on Tuesday.
Calling for closer ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Trump has repeatedly played down the hacking affair.
Over the weekend Trump said he knew "things that other people don't know" and would disclose some information on the issue on Tuesday or Wednesday. He gave no further detail.
"He's going to talk about his conclusions and where he thinks things stand," Spicer told CNN. "He's not going to reveal anything that was privileged or shared with him classified."
On Sunday Spicer said the White House may have disproportionately punished Russia.
"It's baffling," U.S. Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, told MSNBC on Monday. "President-elect Trump does not have any better information than President Obama."
A Gallup Poll released on Monday showed less than half of Americans were confident in Trump's ability to handle an international crisis, to use military force wisely or to prevent major scandals in his administration.
The poll said at least seven in 10 Americans were confident in presidents Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton in those areas before they took office.
African editorials are full of commentary on controversial leaders this morning, with an unflattering parallel drawn between Uhuru Kenyatta and Jacob Zuma and questions about Nigeria's missing president.
The East African is running an incisive editorial comparing Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta to South Africa's Jacob Zuma.
In fact, it's more than a comparison: the author Jenerali Ulimwengu says they are interchangeable.
"Uhuru Kenyatta and Jacob Zuma could change places and no one would notice," reads the headline.
Why?
Because like Zuma, the recently reelected Kenyan leader can easily be imagined in Government House in Pretoria, indifferent to his people's falling living standards.
Likewise, one can easily picture a "moonwalk-dancing Zuma in State House Nairobi, laughing after it has become clear that his opponents have once again been felled by the ‘tyranny of numbers'," he writes.
By "tyranny of numbers", Ulimwengu is referring to the ethnic alliances that can guarantee an unassailable majority.
"Get the numbers right, and you can never go wrong," he says.
"All we need today is do some no-brainer arithmetic to see how many are on our side [...] and once that is done, we have a working formula according to which we eat or we die."
He come to the grim conclusion that this ethnic-arithmetic approach to elections is why Africans will continue fighting after they are over and why Uhuru and Jacob could change places without anyone noticing.
Who is the president of Nigeria?
Now to another political leader, although this one seems to have gone Awol.
Whatever happened Muhammadu Buhari? And will he ever get back to work?
These are the questions many Nigerians are asking, 90 days after their president left the country to seek medical treatment in London.
According to the Sun, some Nigerians are now demanding his resignation, using section 146 of the constitution, which states that a three-month vacation is tountamount to a vacancy in the office of the president.
But, in his opinion piece, public affairs analyst Carl Umegboro points out that section 146 only applies when both the offices of the president and the vice-president are vacant.
In the case of Buhari, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo has stepped in and is de facto the acting president until Buhari transmits a letter of resumption to the National Assembly.
The author adds that there is not much to protest about, since not only is Osinbajo in full control of governance and constitutionally empowered to exercise all the functions of president.
He has also been doing a good job, according to the op-ed.
"So far he has demonstrated his intellectual capability for the job with outstanding results", says Umegboro, "breaking barriers, spearheading economic policies, penetrating hitherto no-go areas."
And the praise continues.
"All issues pertaining to governance of the country at the moment are on Professor Osinbajo's shoulders," he points out. "The learned professor is evidently up and going and performs energetically."
A word of warning for Tanzanian mothers
Tanzanian students abroad can benefit from some motherly advice from the Citizen.
The paper says that parents have been advised to follow up on their children for them to avoid being "eroded morally and culturally".
This advice has been given following reports that many of the youth studying abroad are changing their good intentions after befriending "bad group".
The Citizen quotes the Information Officer of the Tanzania Commission for Universities (TCU), Edward Mkaku.
He warns parents that their children are in new environments and that it all depends on their common sense, whether they join bad groups or meet good people.
"Once your child does things contrary to what made him go there," he says, "you may find that, as a parent, you waste your money while your child's future is eroded."
HOUSTON - Heavy rain is moving through the Houston area Wednesday, and that has caused some flooding on area roads.
You can check the rain throughout the day with our interactive radar or by downloading Frank's Free Forecast app.
Here's a list of the high water locations being reported by Houston Transtar:
IIH-45 NORTH Northbound At N MAIN ST Right Shoulder,Right Lane,Center Lane Verified at 10:50 AM today
IH-45 NORTH Northbound At SH 249/ MOUNT HOUSTON RD 4 Frontage Road Lanes Verified at 3:31 PM today
IH-45 NORTH Southbound At SH 249/ MOUNT HOUSTON RD 4 Frontage Road Lanes Verified at 3:34 PM today
IH-45 Northbound Before SH-242 in Montgomery County 2 Frontage Road Lanes Verified at 1:56 PM today
IH-610 WEST LOOP Northbound At WESTPARK DR 3 Frontage Road Lanes Verified at 10:23 AM today
WESTPARK TOLLWAY Eastbound At POST OAK Exit Ramp Verified at 10:10 AM today
PHOTOS: Viewers share images of high water as storms roll through Houston
More video
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Video
A haptic feedback wristband, bat bot and Facebook ban on cryptocurrency.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
BEIJING — Top Chinese tech firms and some government departments have been singled out in a report that says discriminatory hiring practices based on gender are widespread in China and are linked to a shrinking proportion of women in the labor force.
Job ads posted by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Baidu Inc and Tencent Holdings Ltd were among those that deterred female applicants or objectified women, said Human Rights Watch in a report released on Monday.
In many of the adverts, prospective employers boasted of “beautiful girls” at their workplace as a selling point for new employees, while others included specific height, appearance and temperament requirements for women that were unrelated to the roles.
“We have investigated these incidents and are making immediate changes. We are sorry they occurred and we will take swift action to ensure they do not happen again,” Tencent said in a statement.
An Alibaba spokeswoman said the company “will conduct stricter reviews of the recruiting advertisements to ensure compliance with our policy.”
A Baidu spokeswoman said the postings were “isolated instances.”
The report comes amid a larger Chinese movement against gender-based discrimination and harassment, buoyed by the global #MeToo movement, which has since been heavily censored online in the country.
The #MeToo movement began last year as victims of discrimination and sexual harassment took to social media to share their stories under the hashtag #MeToo. Silicon Valley firms have since been accused of discriminatory behavior, turning the focus on tech worldwide.
Human Rights Watch, which analyzed 36,000 Chinese job advertisements largely posted since 2013, also criticized adverts for government roles, construction workers and kindergarten teachers.
It said that so far in 2018, 19 percent of the Chinese civil service job adverts it reviewed were “men only” or at least said men were preferred. Only one job posting this year listed a preference for a female candidate, it said.
Reuters sent a fax seeking comment to the Ministry of Public Security, a bureau mentioned in the report but did not receive a response.
Some firms looked to avoid scrutiny of their practices, including using code words to show a male preference, Human Rights Watch said. One used the Chinese word for south, “nan,” which in Chinese has the same pronunciation as the word for “man” it said.
It added discriminatory hiring behavior was a key issue behind the relatively low numbers of women in the workforce and growing gender disparity over urban pay.
Chinese laws ban discrimination based on gender, but “enforcement is low and Chinese authorities rarely proactively investigate companies that repeatedly violate relevant laws,” Human Rights Watch said in the report.
The country's #MeToo movement has, however, been gaining momentum on university campuses since late last year and several schools have cut ties with professors amid claims of harassment and assault dating back decades.
The Human Rights Watch report received a muted response on Chinese social media on Tuesday, with almost no posts commenting on the issue on popular microblog platforms such as Alibaba-backed Weibo or Tencent's mobile chat app WeChat.
Chinese social media firms are often required to censor civil rights discussions, including previous Human Rights Watch findings and posts related to the #MeToo movement.
Watch Dansby Swanson's walk-off hit that helped the Atlanta Braves finish off a four-game sweep of the San Diego Padres.
More FOX Sports South Videos Braves LIVE To Go: Behind Bartolo Colon's gem, Braves win first series at SunTrust Hawks LIVE To Go: John Wall takes over Game 1 in DC Hank Aaron throws out first pitch at Sun Trust Park First hit, first homer: Watch Ender Inciarte make history at SunTrust Park MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred talks SunTrust Park with Chip Caray and Joe Simpson Braves LIVE To Go: Atlanta tops San Diego 5-2 in first-ever game at SunTrust Park More FOX Sports South Videos
After $1.1M settlement, Bagatelle is still in hot water A celeb-friendly French bistro is prepared to fork over $1.1 million to settle claims it stiffed staffers of overtime and cheated them out of tips — but still faces a...
St-Tropez eatery to reopen after mysterious fire We're told the hopeful hot spot, Bagatelle, is set to reopen on Monday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Inspiring America: Couple Turns Cancer Diagnosis Into Love Story 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Debra Bradley and Gary Gross did all the usual things all couples do.
They went to wine tastings together, watched plays, attended concerts and planned casual dinners with friends. But when their sunny world was dimmed by a tragic discovery last March, Bradley and Gross defied the odds and found the meaning of true love, which they believe give them the strength to persevere.
In March 2016, Bradley got the shocking news that she was diagnosed with what experts call the most lethal form of cancer — stage-four pancreatic cancer — and that it had already spread to her liver.
"I couldn't have been more shocked, and like everybody that hears the cancer word, you're terrified at first. And then, when it's paired with pancreatic, you suddenly have this very bleak outlook," Bradley said.
The next day, the couple scheduled several appointments with oncologists, desperate to find an effective treatment. As the doctors handed Bradley a virtual death sentence — only a 5 percent survival rate — she looked at Gross and said: "I don't think I can do this. I don't see how I can ever go through this. I can't do this alone."
But Gross had a surprising response: "You're never going to."
"I got down on one knee and said, 'Will you marry me?'" Gross said. "I don't know what I had in my hand — it wasn't a ring. It might have been a rubber band. I don't remember."
After vowing to love each other in sickness and in health at their wedding, which was conducted by a justice of the peace, the couple made their way to the Emory Winship Cancer Institute.
Refusing to accept their bleak prognosis, the couple met with renowned oncologist Bassel El-Rayes.
El-Rayes proposed a recently developed treatment — an experimental trial to test a new drug called BBI-608. While regular chemotherapy treatments solely shrink a tumor, there was a possibility that the new drug could essentially thwart the cancer cells from multiplying.
Now, almost nine months later, Bradley is cancer free, and she said she owes her success to the man she calls her "knight in shining armor."
"I would have never been able to get through it if it had not been for him," Bradley said.
Although the initial diagnosis, combined with the experimental treatment, may have been a long, hard trek, Bradley said she believed she discovered the meaning of true love along the way.
"You find out what real love is all about when your life is turned upside down and your Saturdays and Sundays consist of holding your wife's head out of the toilet," she said. "When you no longer look like you did on the day that you met — you're always sick, you've lost 17 pounds, your clothes don't fit, and yet he still says you're beautiful."
The couple is looking forward to their trip to Paris, which Gross surprised Bradley with to celebrate their commitment.
On a Valentine's Day they weren't sure they'd get to spend together, the couple has a message: "Love gives you hope when things are their darkest. It gives you something to hold on to. It gives you something to look forward to."
At 1:00 p.m. on Saturday, April 22 kids of all ages can celebrate Earth Day with a story about a special baby bison living in Kansas. Author Jill Haukos will read her ch ildren's picture book, “The Autumn Calf,” which follows the true story of a calf born on the Konza Prairie late in the season. Haukos is the KSU Director of Education for the Konza Prairie Biological Station, and she wrote the book as a way to show the unique aspects of the Konza Prairie environment, how the animals and plants relate to each other, and what this ecosystem means to us.
The book's illustrator, Joyce Turley, will also speak and show some of the original artwork she created for the book.
Children in attendance will receive a free copy of “The Autumn Calf.” Haukos and Turley will be available after the reading to visit and sign books. This event is co-Sponsored by the Friends of the Konza Prairie and Manhattan Public Library.
For more information, please contact the Manhattan Public Library at 629 Poyntz Avenue, (785) 776-4741 ext. 125, or www.MHKLibrary.org.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
SANTA CLARA — Speaking on the same stage where he explained the firings of Jim Harbaugh and Jim Tomsula the previous two Januarys, 49ers CEO Jed York vowed Monday to find the next general manager and coach worthy of ending the franchise's 22-year Super Bowl drought.
York spoke for 27 minutes, a day after the 49ers announced the firings of general manager Trent Baalke and coach Chip Kelly, following Sunday's 25-23 home to the Seattle Seahawks that wrapped up a 2-14 season.
“We need to make sure we get it right,” York said of the search's ideal timeline. “I don't expect it to happen tomorrow but when we find the right combination of people we're going to Getty Images…make sure they get hired.”
Related Articles Report: Chip Kelly wanted the 49ers to draft Dak Prescott
How much do the 49ers owe Chip Kelly and assistant coaches?
49ers regime search begins in Patriots, Chiefs backyards
Kawakami: Jed York's first words on the 49ers' re-start are… totally self-serving
Grading 49ers season-ending loss to the Seattle Seahawks York, speaking in a contrite tone and channeling the frustration of his fan base, said the impending hires are ultimately rested with him.
No assistant coaches or personnel members have been fired but they are free to leave and their futures are otherwise at the discretion of the next regime.
At one point, York was asked why he wasn't being dismissed.
“I own this football team. You don't dismiss owners,” York said. “I'm sorry that's the facts and that's the case, but that's the fact and I'm going to do everything I can to get this right. This isn't about doing everything we can to make money. It's about building a championship culture.”
The 49ers are now searching for their fourth coach in four years, and they last looked outside for a personnel czar in 2005, when they hired Scot McCloughan as executive vice president to partner with new coach Mike Nolan. Once McCloughan left in March 2010 for personal reasons, Baalke assumed personnel control and was elevated to general manager on the cusp of Jim Harbaugh's January 2011 hiring.
“We need to be open and flexible to structure,” York said. “We need to know the coach and general manager need to have a good respect and understanding of each other and have a similar vision in building a football team.”
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date on 49ers and other news with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
What does York want in a general manager?
“First and foremost it's going to be a relationship between head coach and general manager,” York answered. “The characteristics of a general manager need to be someone that can evaluate talent, create culture and communicate well.”
York last held a press conference last Jan. 4 after firing Jim Tomsula as coach the previous day once the 49ers concluded a 5-11 season. “Chip's going to be here for a long time, period,” York said that day.
The search for replacements is already underway, and York will conduct interviews alongside his long-time confidant Paraag Marathe, the executive vice president and chief strategy officer. York said he has and will consult with some of the organizations former stars, intimating that includes Hall of Fame quarterbacks Joe Montana and Steve Young, as well as Ronnie Lott, Brent Jones and Harris Barton.
“For better or worse, I know some of the candidates and have interviewed them over the previous years,” said York, who's interviewed over 15 candidates from the past two coaching searches. “It would be nice to have a methodical way to go through and build the (search) the way you want. … We need to talk to the right people at the right time when available.”
Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites.
Chris Ballard and Nick Caserio, the respective player personnel directors for the Kansas City Chiefs and the New England Patriots, emerged Monday morning as interview candidates for the general manager job, according to multiple reports.
Although the next GM likely will be tasked with hiring the 49ers' fourth coach in four seasons, the 49ers have a small window to interview assistants who are in the playoffs, so it should be no surprise they're among three teams linked to Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels. Fox Sports reported that McDaniels will interview with the 49ers, Los Angeles Rams and Jacksonville Jaguars, doing so from the Patriots facility in Foxborough, Mass.
“First I want to let the fans know I apologize for a 2-14 season, I apologize for being back here again making a change, but I think it's important we reestablish a championship culture,” York said in his opening remark inside the team's auditorium at Levi's Stadium.
Related Articles Kawakami: Jed York's first words on the 49ers' re-start are… totally self-serving
Kawakami: The Yorks bungle the start of a new 49ers era
Kawakami: Chip Kelly on his 49ers future and a pending Jed York meeting
Kawakami: Jed York's New Year's Eve house cleaning
Kawakami: Colin Kaepernick's honor and Jed York's hint So what went wrong with Baalke and Kelly?
York said Baalke was defensive minded, Kelly was an offensive mind and, “the marriage didn't work, and I probably should have seen it,” York said.
“This isn't acceptable to me. It's not,” York added. “Our fans deserve better than this.”
Your browser does not support iframes.
Tyrese got candid about the intense battle for custody that spilled over into the public via his social media. He says he totally understands everyone making fun and having things to say about his social media outbursts. He is a man who doesn't drink or smoke anything, he says, so his system is much more sensitive. Tyrese talks about being “accused of being bi-polar,” by his ex-wife, as a part of her goal of painting the picture that he's mentally unfit to be a father.
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
He recalls at one point during the trial, when his ex-wife was asked whether she had medical evidence to back up her claims that he was bi-polar, and she couldn't provide any. Plus, Tyrese reveals that he did indeed have a conversation about money with Jada Pinkett-Smith, but not Will, though he considers one an extension of the other, since they are a married couple. Check out this exclusive video to hear about all of that and more in this interview from “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
Listen to “Ed Lover Show” LIVE every weekday from 6/5am C.
RELATED: Tyrese Tells Story About Rickey Smiley's Teeth On His Book Cover [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Tyrese On Why He Expected The Rock To Turn Down “Fast & Furious” Offer [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Tyrese On Why Using Children To Get Back At An Ex Is Child Abuse [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
Two-time World Series champ Keith Hernandez shared some awesome details about how he wound up on Seinfeld on The Herd this week.
The 63-year-old said that he was two years retired and the show called his former agent Scott Boras to set it all up. Jerry Seinfeld is a huge fan of Hernandez and the New York Mets.
Hernandez even broke down the phone conversation he had when Boras was telling him about the opportunity.
"Scott Boras called me and said the 'Seinfeld Show' and I go 'What's that?'" —Keith Hernandez on getting cast on Seinfeld cc: @JerrySeinfeld pic.twitter.com/swTTo0YeqE — Herd w/Colin Cowherd (@TheHerd) October 6, 2017
Hernandez said when Boras asked him if he wanted to be on Seinfeld, he replied, “What's that?”
But then, when Boras explained that they'd fly him out first class, have him in a nice hotel for a week and pay him $15,000, he was immediately all in.
However, when Hernandez saw how many lines he had, he said he freaked out and was “petrified” performing in front of a live audience. He wound up memorizing everyone's lines and nailing it.
Of all the general excitement surrounding Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's May 19th wedding, there's one aspect that doesn't involve the bride or groom at all: royal wedding hats.
While Markle will likely wear a gorgeous tiara on her wedding day, ladies in attendance will also carefully select their headwear. British (and royal) wedding etiquette dictates that women should wear hats or fascinators to a wedding. Back in 2011, Princess Beatrice nearly stole the spotlight at Will and Kate's wedding with an utterly memorable fascinator. At Pippa Middelton's 2017 nuptials, there was a fabulous show of bold and bright hats.
As we await Harry and Meghan's big day, and the intricate, over-the-top headwear that comes with it, here are the best hats and fascinators to shop for the royal wedding.
Chelsea were handed the toughest test in the draw for the last 16 of the Champions League as they were paired with five-times European champions Barcelona.
Having finished second in their group behind Roma, Antonio Conte's men were hoping for a potential tie against Besiktas but instead came out against Lionel Messi's band of superstars.
Tottenham were also handed a questionable reward for finishing ahead of Real Madrid in their qualifying group as they were paired with last year's runners-up Juventus.
But Manchester City, Manchester United and Liverpool will be relatively content after being paired with Basel, Sevilla and Porto respectively.
The remaining three ties pit Real Madrid against Paris St Germain, Shakhtar Donetsk with Roma, and Bayern Munich against Besiktas.
The draw is not what Chelsea wanted after Conte conceded that the defence of their Premier League crown was over after this weekend's defeat to West Ham.
But he will hope to invoke the memory of their remarkable win over the Catalan giants in 2012, when goals from Ramires and Fernando Torres saw them reach the Champions League final on away goals despite the earlier dismissal of John Terry.
Spurs meanwhile can expect to face a sterner test than that posed by Juventus in their last meeting in a pre-season friendly at Wembley in May, which the north Londoners won 2-0.
City will be delighted to land Swiss outsiders Basel. But they will have good cause to be wary against their experienced opposition, who beat both United and Benfica on their way to qualifying as runners-up from Group A.
The draw for the last 32 of the Europa League was also made today, with Celtic drawn against Zenit St Petersburg. The Scottish champions will be at home in the first leg on 15 February. Arsenal will face Swedish opposition in the shape of Ostersund and will be away in the first leg.
Joanne Schnurr, CTV Ottawa
An elderly Ottawa woman wants to find the man who helped her in a blinding snowstorm Wednesday.
Charlotte McCarthy says she was distraught and confused when a stranger grabbed her arm, bought her a coffee and sent her home in a cab. Charlotte McCarthy still gets emotional when she thinks of how desperate she felt that night and how, what she calls her “guardian angel” came to the rescue.
At 75, Charlotte McCarthy isn't as sure on her feet as she once used to be, especially on these slippery sidewalks. She prides herself on her independence but got caught unexpectedly in Wednesday's snow storm while she was stocking up for groceries at the Gloucester Centre for her upcoming surgery.
“I was confused, disoriented, scared out of my mind,” she says, “not knowing how I was going to get home.”
It was just after 4 p.m. Charlotte had called Para Transpo to pick her up but the storm was causing delays. She says after waiting several hours for Para Transpo, unable to get through on the phone, she decided to catch a bus home but wasn't familiar with where to catch it.
It was dark by now and stormy and Charlotte was loaded down with stuff. She made it to one side of the Transitway only to be told she was on the wrong side. She crossed over, only to be told the same thing.
“I said, “Is this the right spot?” and they said, “Oh, no, you've got to go across.” When they said that, I lost it, I completely lost it.”
But Charlotte says one man at the bus stop pulled out his cellphone and called a taxi.
“When I heard him calling Blueline, I said I can't pay and he says, “Not to worry, I'm going to take care of you.”
She says the man brought her to Tim Hortons and bought her a coffee while they waited for the cab, then ran to get cash to pay for her trip home.
“Unbelievable,” she says, “He is my guardian angel.”
Charlotte says what she remembers of her “Guardian Angel” was that he had a full beard, was married, in his 30's. He told her he was Lebanese and went by the name Aston.
He called her that evening when she got home, just to make sure she was all right. She forgot to get his number but will never forget what he did.
“I would like to say to him I love you, you're my Guardian Angel,” said an emotional Charlotte, “and give him the biggest hug I could possibly give him.”
Since every camera-equipped Android phone comes with a camera app, most people will never look further. But some OEMs do a better job than others at creating great apps for photography, and there are also lots of interesting and possibly important features that can only be found by using a third-party camera app. Whether you're actively looking for one, or are simply curious about what you might be missing, here's our guide to some of your best options.
We'll start with some things to keep in mind when selecting a camera app (or apps). First, Android comes in myriad versions, and each OEM implements them differently, on unique hardware. So, an app that works great on one device might be buggy, have poor performance, or not work at all, on another. So you'll need to test out any apps you're considering for yourself. Second, while many are free, some cost a few dollars. If that bugs you, look for their Lite or Trial versions to get a feel before you spring for the full version. Finally, photography on smartphones is a moving target. OEMs release firmware to upgrade their camera's performance that can in turn affect add-on camera apps. Android also continues to evolve. For example, Google has now made it possible for add-on apps to use its HDR+ capability on some phones, but each camera app has to be updated to take advantage of it.
Below are some of my go-to options for camera applications on Android. I've placed their user rating from the Google Play Store in parenthesis after each, where it is available.
Stock Camera Apps
The “stock” camera apps that come with your phone vary widely by OEM and by specific device. Typically they don't offer a large number of features, so you may find them limiting. If you're reading this article, presumably you're interested in what else is possible. On the upside, though, the OEM's own app often takes the best advantage of the phone's specific capabilities, like a second camera for Zoom or Portrait mode, HDR+ in the case of Google, and Monochrome on some Huawei models. So it is worth learning what your stock Camera app does particularly well, as you may want to switch back to it for specific situations.
For the adventurous, Google's Camera app (stock on its Pixel phones) has been ported to a variety of other high-end and even some midrange phones. Typically, though, only some functionality works, and the ports are of varying quality. They're easiest to find in the forum for your device on xda-developers.com. I've used several incarnations of it on my OnePlus 5, and it's been a mixed bag. I got to use some previously Pixel-specific features, but they didn't always work right, so I sometimes had to switch to another camera app. Not always fun if you're trying to quickly capture a special moment.
Camera FV-5 (3.8)
If you're yearning for the controls on your DSLR, then FV-5 may be for you. It not only offers many of the same manual controls you get on a standalone camera, but even uses similar icons to represent features like exposure compensation. Some nice extras are a long exposure mode and an intervalometer. The data overlays, including an optional RGB Histogram, are also helpful if you want to get the most out of your camera. FV-5 was my “goto” camera app until recently when I got addicted to the RAW HDR capability of the Lightroom Mobile Camera and the simplicity of Google's own HDR+ point and shoot for quick captures.
Open Camera (4.3)
If you want to feel involved with your camera app, Open Camera is unique as a full-featured, open source camera app for Android. Like many open source projects, it includes a variety of funky features like being able to use your voice to capture images — think “Cheese!” Because the app is a small donationware effort, it doesn't get tested on every smartphone, so you'll have to see if it works on yours.
Lightroom CC Mobile (4.3)
If you're an Adobe Cloud or Lightroom user, the Lightroom app's Camera is a great choice. First, it offers the aforementioned RAW HDR capability, which provides remarkable dynamic range in the form of a high-bit-depth (actually floating point) RAW file automatically created from as many individual frames as are needed to capture the highlights and shadows in a scene. Right now only Adobe's own tools seem to be able to edit these files, so you'll probably need to use either Lightroom or Photoshop with them. They also take a little longer to capture than Google's HDR+ photos, so they're more sensitive to motion in the scene or of the camera.
Images you shoot with the camera in Lightroom are also automatically synced to your desktop version of Lightroom, and to your other mobile devices that use Lightroom. I had good success pairing a Pixel 2 with a Pixelbook as a complete mobile workflow, for example. Note that in the Play Store the app is called Adobe Photoshop Lightroom CC.
A Better Camera (3.8)
This app's name is a pretty good description of its capabilities. It comes with tons of features, and rafts of settings screens to customize its various modes. For a while it was my go-to camera app, but it seems to have fallen behind. For example, I couldn't get it to record RAW (.DNG) captures with either a OnePlus 5 or a Pixel 2, even though both those phones clearly support that capability.
VSCO (4.4)
More than most of the other camera apps, VSCO focuses on options for editing your images after you capture them. Its editing tools aren't quite as powerful as those in Lightroom Mobile, but go beyond just about any other mobile app. Film photography buffs will appreciate its variety of film-look presets as well.
More importantly, VSCO really wants you to be part of its photo storage and sharing community ($20 per year). If you're already hooked on Google Photos, or Lightroom's cloud, then the last thing you need is another app tied to its own back end. But if you're looking for a sharing solution, and don't like your other options, VSCO may be worth exploring.
Camera Zoom FX Premium (4.3)
Many camera apps focus on either lots of shooting options, or a bunch of stylized post-processing filters. Camera Zoom FX Premium does both. It has a highly customizable user interface and all the controls you'll need. If you miss the tiled interface of Windows Mobile, you'll see it echoed in the settings controls. One very slick feature it includes is a “Stable Shot” mode, where you press the shutter and the camera waits until a period when the phone is steady, and then captures the image. It also has a “Best Shot” mode, which captures a burst of images and selects one for you.
Special Mention: Huawei Camera
As far as stock camera apps go, the Huawei Camera app on its Mate 10 Pro is particularly good. It combines a clean interface with easy access to manual controls in its Pro mode for starters. But it also offers quite a variety of specialty modes, many of which use the phone's dedicated AI chip for enhanced processing. For example, it does a great job of zooming in using its two cameras and multi-frame processing for improved resolution. There's even a Monochrome mode that takes advantage of the device's unique 20MP black and white sensor, and a “wide-aperture” mode that allows refocusing after the fact. The only drawback is that I haven't found a way to shoot RAW with the monochrome camera yet. It also looks like there may be more specialty modes planned, as an interface for loading additional ones already features a few “goodies.”
Summary: Horses for Courses
If you're serious about using your smartphone for more than just taking a few snapshots, you're likely to wind up with more than one Camera app. There are literally dozens to choose from, and each one has different strengths and weaknesses. Their relative merit can also change quickly, depending on whether they keep up with the latest Android features, or take advantage of the unique capabilities of your particular phone. The good news is that most of them have a free version you can try, and almost all of them cost less than $5, even for their premium version. So it isn't hard to experiment with a few and see which one or ones best meet your needs.
[Image credit: David Cardinal]
The artist/producer donned a posh satin suit and held court with his wife, Alicia Keys.
What to Know A Rockland County school district is considering getting rid of homework for students at an elementary school
Two fifth-grade boys had petitioned for a homework ban, citing stress from the work; but it turns out officials were already considering it
A district administrator says it's not about banning homework, it's about "rethinking" it to help kids learn better
No homework: it's a mantra all kids want to hear. Now a New York school district is considering getting rid of it altogether.
The idea started as a petition from fifth-graders Christopher DeLeon and Niko Keelie at Farley Elementary School in Stony Point and grew from there, but it's also part of of a bigger nationwide trend.
"I got stressed by homework a lot, so I just -- it took me a minute of thinking -- I want to get rid of homework," said Keelie.
The two boys decided to write a petition and present it to the school district making their case. They said most of their classmates agreed with their proposal -- and it turned out the school district also agreed.
In fact, the district had already considered reimagining their homework policy.
"It's really not about banning homework or no homework -- it's about rethinking it, and how can we do it different to better the needs of our students," said assistant superintendent Kris Felicello.
National school districts all over the country are experimenting with either eliminating homework or drastically reducing it, citing studies that have shown homework in elementary school doesn't actually help with learning and sometimes can hurt.
"If you go home and you do homework, you're just thinking about that, and then you stutter and stuff," said DeLeon. "But if you don't, then you're relaxed and calm, and if you take a test more calmly, you get a better grade 'cause you're not thinking about other stuff."
But not everyone agrees. Many parents have asked, if their children don't do homework, what will they do in the afternoon -- and how will they learn?
Felicello's response to that: "I hope that kids would go home and they would read and they would discover things that they're interested in doing, and go on YouTube and figure out how to play the ukulele, or go and research what's going on with SpaceX, or talk to their friends or get outside and play."
The district is considering different options: one would allow ask for homework for their kids. They hope to have the new homework policy ready to go for the next school year.
1:30
Dale Earnhardt Jr shares some of his favorite memories as his NASCAR racing career draws to an end
Getting Started with Bookkeeping Software - This class is designed for individuals who are new to bookkeeping and want to learn how to enter basic day-to-day transactions for their small business. We will also cover basic accounting concepts that are necessary to understand bookkeeping.
Presenters will use Quickbooks® throughout the day to demonstrate concepts on a specific case scenario, but computers will not be provided, and attendees will not be permitted to use their laptop to work on their own bookkeeping software at the same time. The case scenario along with instructions will be provided to all attendees for those who intend to recreate the scenario later at their own pace.
This is an all day event on Wednesday, January 18, 2017. Lunch will be provided and is included in the fee.
In this class, you will learn: How to establish a chart of accounts & beginning balance sheet
Invoicing, sales receipts
How to write checks, make deposits & reconcile your account with the bank
Keeping track of inventory
Keeping track of sales taxes
How to run & understand reports This class will NOT teach: How to use Intuit's Payroll services
How to use Intuit's Payment processing services
Downloading internet bank/credit card transactions COST: $49 per person WHEN: Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 I WHERE: TTU Small Business Development Center, 2579 S. Loop 289, suite 114, Lubbock TIME: 9:00am to 4:00pm Call Elaine @ 745-1637 to register. The DEADLINE TO REGISTER IS noon Jan.17, 2017.
This class is designed for individuals who are new to bookkeeping and want to learn how to enter basic day-to-day transactions for their small business. We will also cover basic accounting concepts that are necessary to understand bookkeeping.Presenters will use Quickbooks® throughout the day to demonstrate concepts on a specific case scenario, but computers will not be provided, and attendees will not be permitted to use their laptop to work on their own bookkeeping software at the same time. The case scenario along with instructions will be provided to all attendees for those who intend to recreate the scenario later at their own pace. Posted:
1/2/2017
Originator:
ELAINE Melot
Email:
elaine.melot@ttu.edu
Department:
Northwest Texas SBDC Region
Event Information
All Day Event
Event Date: 1/18/2017
Location:
TTU SBDC, 2579 S. Loop 289, suite 114, Lubbock TX
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Small Business Development Center
Image caption The Beacon Hill Fort has been bought by friends Barry Sharp and Paul Valentine
Beacon Hill Fort was once a testing ground for prototype weapons designed to keep England safe from potential invaders. Long since abandoned, this sprawling five-acre complex at the end of a dirt track in Harwich has now been bought by a pair of friends who want to turn it into a major attraction.
A love story lies at the heart of how Paul Valentine and Barry Sharp came to own their very own fort.
About 45 years ago, the estate agent and his then-girlfriend would spend time together on the grounds of Beacon Hill Fort, whose giant guns once stood guard out over the sea.
More than four decades later, while visiting his former flame, he was reminded of their trips to the now-derelict site when he spotted plans for the fort there on her table.
Image caption The Port of Felixstowe can be seen from remains of the fort
Image caption The enormous gun which once sat in this circular enclosure has long since gone
Her family had inherited the site and had an offer in for it from Tendring District Council.
"I told her there and then I would double whatever they were offering," said Mr Valentine.
Image caption Most of the buildings in the complex are covered in graffiti. While some of it is poetic, much of it is not
Image caption The accommodation areas included fire places
Eventually a deal was struck and Mr Valentine and Mr Sharp, a retired car restorer, became owners of a hugely overgrown plot, peppered with 25 separate buildings, a warren of underground tunnels and debris left behind by generations of trespassers.
The plot, which dates back to the Tudor period, was the first testing ground for "invisible" defences.
Before 1889, coastal defence batteries were meant to be seen by the enemy. But their near monumental presence also made them easy targets for bombardment.
Beacon Hill is thought to be the first battery to employ guns mounted on carriages which would rise to fire and then disappear down into their pits.
You might also be interested in
Mr Valentine and Mr Sharp, who are still discovering new buildings on the site, want to refurbish the complex - a designated scheduled ancient monument - into an adventure attraction, possibly aimed at school groups.
"We want to create something that will really put Harwich on the map, that will create new jobs and protect this part of our history," said Mr Valentine.
"It would be great to be able to open it up for people to visit, explore and enjoy. Eventually, we would like to create some kind of heritage trust and to give this site back to the people of Harwich."
Image caption The towers were designed to look like housing from a distance to disguise their military purpose
Image caption Nature has taken hold of much of the fort, which has been closed since the 1950s
A brief history of Beacon Hill Fort
The first fortification at Beacon Hill Fort was built in the 1530s during Henry VIII's reign
The original Beacon Hill battery from 1889-90 included 10in (25cm) and 6in (15cm) breech-loading guns which popped out of their encasements to fire
By World War One, the original guns had been replaced by mounted 6in guns and a third emplacement was built on the northern side of the fort
After 1945, the fort was put into "reduced" status by the War Office
The battery was finally abandoned in 1956, when military jet aircraft and missile systems rendered coastal defences, in the view of the War Office, obsolete
Source: Tendring District Council
Image caption The artillery complex contains contains six main gun emplacements, an observation post, pill boxes and shelters
Image caption As well as the towers and buildings above ground, Beacon Hill boasts a labyrinth of underground rooms and tunnels
Image caption The dark tunnels beneath ground are peppered with the remnants of cogs and devices used in raising artillery and other supplies up to the surface
Image caption Large chains were used in the lowering and lifting of supplies between different levels inside the base
Image caption Numerical markings around one of the gun emplacements
Image caption The view from inside one of the former gun emplacements
Photography: Laurence Cawley
ROCKVILLE CENTRE, N.Y. — A Roman Catholic bishop is offering prayers to New York-area commuters facing what's been billed as a “Summer of Hell.” Long Island Bishop John Barres (BAR'-ihs)...
A Spanish holy man has come under fire for saying a drag queen who performed as the Virgin Mary and Jesus upset him more than a plane crash that claimed...
Tyrone's Seán Cavanagh has confirmed that this will be his last season as an inter-county footballer.
After the Red Hand were eliminated from last year's All-Ireland race by Mayo in a game where Cavanagh was sent off late on, it was expected that the former Player of the Year would come back for one more shot.
Speaking in the Irish Daily Mail, the three-time All-Ireland winner said: "I'm pretty sure I won't be back in 2018. I really don't want to finish my career by limping out and knowing my body can't compete.
"It's getting tougher every year but I feel quite strong at the moment and I feel as I have something to offer this year."
Cavanagh also feels that Mickey Harte still has a number of years to run as manager despite being knocked back on a couple of occasions in recent years with contract extension requests.
“I don't know the full details of how it all happened or whatever happens in these county board meetings, it may have been the case of the wrong time or the wrong structure or something being brought up in the wrong way but I think we as players, we know he's the man for the job,” said the Moy clubman.
Mourners are expected to pack out a South Shields church today for the funeral of a "perfect" young couple who were killed in the Manchester Arena bombing.
The service for Liam Curry, 19, and Chloe Rutherford, 17, is taking place at St Hilda's Church in South Shields.
The couple's families asked people attending to wear pink and blue for the funeral.
The teenagers, who were described as "inseparable", were among the 22 people killed in the terror attack on the Ariana Grande concert last month.
The Reverend Chris Fuller, leading the service, paid tribute to the tragic young couple.
He said: "Chloe and Liam were and still are an image of love.
Chloe Rutherford and Liam Curry.
"They were inseparable in life, they are both inseparable in death, and now they are inseparable with the angels in heaven."
Chloe was studying music at college and was about to start an apprenticeship in travel.
Graeme Brett, owner of Westoe Travel in South Shields where she worked part-time, said: "She was a lovely, bubbly girl.
"The photograph you saw of her smiling, that's just her."
Father Chris Fuller talking to mourners before the Liam Curry and Chloe Rutherford funeral service.
He added: "Liam would come and pick her up after work - he was always there early waiting for her.
"The two of them were always together, very close, he was a lovely lad.
"They were always such a perfect couple."
Liam, a former pupil of Gateshead College, was studying for a degree in sport and exercise science at Northumbria University in Newcastle.
The funeral cortege arrives at St Hilda's Church, South Shields.
His father, Andrew, died aged 49 in March after being diagnosed with cancer.
Liam had raised money for the Sir Bobby Robson Foundation, which funds cancer research, since he was 14.
A foundation spokeswoman said: "Liam was an outstanding young man and a great credit to his family."
The coffins of Chloe Rutherford and Liam Curry arriving at St Hilda's Church for their funeral service. Pic: PA.
The Houston Astros called up outfielder Derek Fisher for Wednesday's game against the Rangers after they placed Josh Reddick on the seven-day DL. And in doing so, the Astros created a potential matchup that NBA fans have been waiting to see.
This weekend, the Astros will face the Boston Red Sox. The Red Sox have a relief pitcher named Matt Barnes. Following me now?
this weekend could get awkward pic.twitter.com/jRSocJsROl — nick (@nick_pants) June 15, 2017
There is a chance that Matt Barnes will face Derek Fisher in a baseball game, and it will be two entirely different people who just happen to share the same names as basketball dudes who hate each other.
The NBA's Barnes and Fisher had their longstanding feud escalate into a physical altercation last year when Fisher was dating Barnes' ex-wife, Gloria Govan.
While there is no indication that baseball's Barnes and Fisher have any familiarity with one another, it makes for an awkward matchup that will definitely have NBA fans talking.
The ultimate dream scenario would be Fisher charging the mound after taking a Barnes fastball to the hip, but we don't condone baseball violence. And that's probably asking too much.
Let's just hope the two get to face each other.
As Washington spends its early fall tittering and twittering about whether the secretary of state called President Donald Trump a moron, the mailbox yields this courtesy of Goldman Sachs, whose sin is merely saying something that seems to reflect how people are trading:
“Progress toward tax reform creates earnings upside and gives new life to Trump trades,” reads the headline on strategist Ben Snider's latest. The chances of tax reform passing are 65%, he says. The market's push suggests investors are already pricing in passage, as companies with high tax rates, cyclical stocks and value stocks outperform the market's recent rise. One of the underperformers is Goldman's basket of stocks that do lots of share buybacks — a big beneficiary of the Trump administration's still-being-written proposal for a $2 trillion tax cut.
The nice instinct here is to explain why this is probably too rosy a scenario.
Or, put in a way that Trump might understand: Whaddayou, a moron?
Most reporting coming out of Washington is emphasizing that the proposal is already in big trouble, even before the full bill is released.
Reports from the Tax Policy Center suggest that it may impose a tax increase on as many as one-third of middle-class families, and 60% of upper-middle class households.
House incumbents from California and the Northeast won't tolerate the draft proposal's call to end the deductibility of state and local taxes from federal taxable income, so the biggest loophole Republicans wanted to close to pay for a corporate tax cut is likely to soon be off the table, making tax “reform” an even bigger fiscal sinkhole than it is now.
But at bottom the bill will remain what it is: A tool to redistribute after-tax income to corporations and wealthy individuals, paid for with deficit spending and loss of tax breaks aimed at individuals, mostly the middle and upper-middle classes, after decades of income growth moving steadily toward the already-comfortable.
And it will have to pass, Snider says, in an election year. 65% chance? Not in a Senate where Rand Paul of Kentucky and Bob Corker of Tennessee are already sounding warnings. As for the rest of the pillars of the Trump trade, like an infrastructure bill that will never pass and rollback of Dodd-Frank and the consumer protections it imposed after the 2008 mortgage crisis, Goldman didn't even mention those.
The numbers from Wall Street suggest investors are taking even the tax proposal less seriously.
Here's the math: Snider calculates that the tax proposal would boost the profits of the S&P 500 companies by about $17 per aggregate share, or 12%, to $156. (A weaker version would add $9 a share to after-tax earnings, he writes). With the index trading at 19 times 2017 earnings, an extra $17 a share implies a 320-point gain. A 65% chance of this happening would be worth 200 or so points.
Yet the S&P 500's SPX, -0.28% gain since the bill's outline was released is just 56 points, plus or minus. And there's been solid economic data, especially a strong reading on service-sector growth, that explain the gains better. Friday's announcement that the economy lost 33,000 jobs in September weakens the picture, but not much, since that was caused by hurricanes closing businesses temporarily. And wage growth was solid.
(I'd be remiss not to note this is the first monthly loss since February 2010, when the “job-killing Obamacare” law passed.)
Here's an alternate explanation for the market's strength: A CNBC poll that puts Trump's approval rating at 38%, despite the best readings on consumers' view of the economy in 10 years. With only 43% approving of his handling of the economy, voters think Trump has little to do with the improvement they see, and expect to see in the future.
That has the modest benefit of being true. Growth in the first half of this year was about the same as in 2014 and 2015. Trump hasn't passed much, hasn't changed much, and his low ratings belies his claim that The Donald's mere presence revives animal spirits. Consumers are responding to the fact that the gradual growth of the economy is gradually mopping up the excess capacity that has held down middle-class pay, that's all.
F. Scott Fitzgerald said the sign of first-rate intelligence was the ability to understand two seemingly opposite ideas and retain the ability to function. The two opposite ideas here are that the economy can be OK even when the president is a moron, the latter a contribution to political understanding destined to grace the first sentence of Rex Tillerson's obituary. Maybe fine enough to sustain that big ol' 2% stock gain since the tax proposal became public.
Against much recent evidence, the American people may have a first-rate intelligence after all.
Video
Nigeria's Fulani herdsmen and Berom farmers share a history of animosity which in recent years has flared into violence.
But men from both ethnic groups began working together after the discovery of a tin mine.
As one told BBC Nigeria Correspondent Stephanie Hegarty: "Mining brings people together just like football does."
Most new phones come with USB type-C ports these days, and that has brought with it a number of different fast charging standards. It can be hard to know if a particular cable will fast charge a given phone, but the Satechi USB-C power meter takes the guess work out. This neat little gadget is on sale right now for $22.95, which is $7 off the regular price.
The Satechi USB-C power meter has a Type-C plug at one end and a female Type-C port at the other. Simply plug it into your phone and attach the charging cable to the power meter to see how much juice is flowing. Type-C is a more versatile plug than microUSB was, so you can even attach the power meter to a Type-C adapter outlet and run a Type-C cable from the power meter to your phone (see below).
A small monochrome display lights up when the meter is active that shows the voltage, current, and total milliamp-hours sent to the battery since the last time the power meter was plugged in. Wattage is not shown, but you can figure that out by multiplying the voltage and current.
We have a few of these devices floating around at Android Police, including the one we used for our hands-on. You may even have seen some photos of it pop up in other reviews. The $7 discount works out to 23% off the usual $30 price tag. It's not huge, but that's a good deal for the Satechi USB-C power meter.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of distributing a terrorist publication.
The teenager from Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested as part of an intelligence-led operation by West Midlands Counterterrorism Unit.
West Midlands Police said there is no immediate threat to the public.
He is being held at a police station in the West Midlands and remains in custody, the force added.
#Fremont: #Tesla has leased two office bldgs in the city's Ardenwood area. Property could accom. 1,000 workers or more based on zoning. pic.twitter.com/xwIEmneEsG — Chris Nguyen ABC7 (@ChrisNguyenTV) October 6, 2017
#MORE: Complex is on Dumbarton Circle. Very quiet area bordering with Newark. Not far from the access points to the Dumbarton Bridge. pic.twitter.com/FCljm1a881 — Chris Nguyen ABC7 (@ChrisNguyenTV) October 6, 2017
Renovations have begun on two large office buildings in Fremont that will eventually be occupied by Tesla, according to public documents filed with the Alameda County Recorder's Office.Our media partner, the Bay Area News Group, says the electric vehicle maker has leased offices at 6800 & 6900 Dumbarton Circle, near the access roads to the Dumbarton Bridge.The two buildings have a combined total of 230,000 square feet and can accommodate more than 1,000 employees, based on the county's typical zoning and planning regulations. The development firm Peery Arrillaga currently owns the buildings and will be Tesla's new landlord.The complex, which sits close to the Newark and Fremont border, is surrounded by other office parks and facilities. We spoke to nearby retail and restaurant owners who say they're looking forward to welcoming Tesla to the neighborhood.Fremont Chamber of Commerce officials tell ABC7 News it's not surprising that companies such as Tesla would want to expand, relocate, or set up shop in the city, given the increase in amenities to the region, as well as the plans to expand public transit. The company did not return our request for comment.However, local residents are concerned about housing prices going up, along with traffic gridlock, as the city transforms from what was once a sleepy blue-collar town to being situated in Silicon Valley. One resident told us the rent for her apartment went up nearly $500 per month without advance warning from her landlords.Tesla has not returned our request for comment on its expansion plans.Watch ABC7 News at 4 p.m. and 5 p.m. for more on this story. Follow reporter Chris Nguyen on Twitter for the latest updates.
Live Updates: Trump Rants On Twitter After Reports Reveal Campaign Aides Were In Touch With Russian Intelligence
https://www.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeednews/live-upda...
Connections between President Trump's administration and campaign aides with Russians are roi...
The half-brother of Nikolas Cruz, who's charged with killing 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida on Valentine's Day, was arrested and charged with trespassing at the school on Monday.
Zachary Cruz in an arrest photo Monday. Broward County, Florida, Sheriff's Office
The Broward County Sheriff's Office said in an arrest report that Zachary Cruz, 18, "surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride his skateboard through school grounds" and told investigators that he visited the school to "reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in."
The arrest report said school officials had previously ordered him to stay away from the campus in the town of Parkland.
Related: These are the 17 victims of the Parkland school shooting
The sheriff's office said Cruz was recorded on the school's security cameras. It said the school would seek to prosecute Cruz, whose bond was set at $25.
Nikolas Cruz could face the death penalty on 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack on the school on Feb. 14.
Alleged Silk Road mastermind says he's a hacking victim Computer genius Blake Benthall, the alleged mastermind behind drug bazaar Silk Road 2.0, claims he's been hacked. Benthall, 26, was not behind a recent tweet that appeared on his Twitter...
Silk Road kingpin appears to send tweets from jail Blake Benthall — churchgoer by day, alleged drug kingpin by night — appears to be sending tweets from his jail cell asking for money. “Donate bitcoin,” read a recent plea...
NYC to host Web 'drug trafficker' Blake Benthall is coming to New York. The 26-year-old, a devout churchgoer by day who the FBI claims quietly masterminded the online drug bazaar Silk Road 2.0, agreed on Friday...
Several young people in Wichita County brought home five top placing awards from the 71st Annual Texas 4-H Roundup.
The event was held at Texas A&M University last week.
25 members of the Wichita County 4-H team competed in 13 events.
The Texas 4-H Roundup had more than 4,000 participants competing in 50 diverse competitions throughout the week-long event.
Most of the events required each individual or team to qualify at the county or district level.
A list of events and their winners can be found below:
1st Place Senior Robotics Challenge - Daniel Chance, Garrett Porter, Jonathan Schaeffer, Joshua Gammage and Matthew Seale
2nd Place Share The Fun Vocal Performance - Tres Hunter
3rd Place Invitational Swine Quiz Bowl - Taybor Eastep, Charisma Own, McKinley Lee and Montana Lehman
3rd Place Share The Fun Choreographed Routine - Emma Flemming
3rd Place Vet Science Skill a Thon Written Exam - Ali Olsen
Wichita County was represented well in several other events by:
Lauren Armstrong
Rachel Brockriede
Gracie Burdette
Steven Kitner
Katrina Matamoros
Randae Suarez
Sage Taylor
Kelsey Thomas
Taylor Wilson
Christian Owen
Morgan Adams
Lauren Thomas
Two Wichita County 4-H brought home $30,000 in scholarships. The Texas 4-H Youth Development Foundation distributed more than $2.4 million in scholarships to outgoing 4-H members this year.
Robert Speed was awarded the $20,000, Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo Scholarship. Speed is a recent home school graduate and is planning to attend Midwestern State University to study Engineering.
Tres Hunter was awarded the $10,000, Richard Wallrath Educational Fund Scholarship. Hunter is also a recent home school graduate and is planning on attending the University of North Texas to study Vocal Performing.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
In the wake of the hit ABC sitcom “Roseanne” being cancelled Tuesday following a racist tweet from the show's star Roseanne Barr, reactions from some our favorite Hollywood celebs have poured in from Twitter.
As expected, there are some who support her but the majority of Hollywood seems to be slamming Barr's comments and praising the show being taken off the air. See some of your favorite celeb tweets below:
Ava Duvernay
For the record, this is Channing Dungey. Sitting on top of your world like a Queen in full judgement of your garbage and taking it out. #Roseanne pic.twitter.com/GxEP2B61uq — Ava DuVernay (@ava) May 29, 2018
Viola Davis
Thank you Channing Dungey!https://t.co/VIlKTF9y7Z — Viola Davis (@violadavis) May 29, 2018
Shonda Rhimes
The terrible part is all of the talented innocent people who worked on that show now suffer because of this. #notjustice — shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) May 29, 2018
But honestly she got what she deserved. As I tell my 4 year old, one makes a choice with one's actions. Roseanne made a choice. A racist one. ABC made a choice. A human one. — shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) May 29, 2018
Charlie Sheen
adios
Roseanne! good
riddance. hashtag
NOT Winning. the
runway is
now clear
for
OUR reboot. ©#CharlieHarperReturns pic.twitter.com/HcqMvIoxCM — Charlie Sheen (@charliesheen) May 29, 2018
Sarah Gilbert
Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
Debra Messing
I just heard #rosanne is cancelled. My reaction— tears. I am so relieved and grateful. The hate that has been spewing from those in Trump's orbit has really taken a toll on all of our souls and psyches. I didn't believe it would happen. I had lost faith. Thank you @abc . — Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) May 29, 2018
Tom Arnold
Ton of respect for Bob Iger. Tough decision with financial consequences for his company but right for America….umm..now don't bug Bob but maybe someone else finds out if I'm still banned from all of @ABCNetwork for calling Roseanne Barr out first on her racist conspiracy tweets? — Tom Arnold (@TomArnold) May 29, 2018
Rev. Al Sharpton
My statement on the cancellation of #RoseanneBarr's show, Roseanne. pic.twitter.com/xFkHN6Qmlz — Reverend Al Sharpton (@TheRevAl) May 29, 2018
Aisha Tyler
I'm glad that @ABCNetwork took a stand. We as a country can and will be better. More welcoming, more inclusive. We reach so many people in the entertainment industry. We can be a voice for good. We can, and will, become once again that beacon on a hill. ✨ — Aisha Tyler (@aishatyler) May 29, 2018
Bellamy Young
Don Cheadle
you can take @RoseanneOnABC out of racism but you can't take the racism out of @therealroseanne … https://t.co/sJs7Hn5zrn — Don Cheadle (@DonCheadle) May 29, 2018
Bryan Cranston
This morning @RobertIger quickly and easily determined that righteousness trumps profits by firing an open racist and anti-Semite from his company. If our elected officials had the courage to do the same by declaring that country trumps partisanship we'd have a healthier society. — Bryan Cranston (@BryanCranston) May 29, 2018
Minnie Driver
So proud of @ABCNetwork for having the ethical compunction to cancel #Rosanne despite the show's huge numbers. We too make a show about a middle class family , come and watch us instead #speechless @Speechless_ABC ✨ — Minnie Driver (@driverminnie) May 29, 2018
Roland Martin
BOOM! @TheRealRoseanne dropped by her talent agency ICM. Her racist tweet about @ValerieJarrett is costing the bigot big time. Folk excuses her anti-Semitism and wacky conspiracy theories for far too long. #ByeRoseanne https://t.co/J3QSXgHAWG — rolandsmartin (@rolandsmartin) May 29, 2018
Mark Hamill
I bet FOX will pick it up & pair it with Tim Allen's show. https://t.co/5MyZf9UT3X via @thr — Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) May 29, 2018
Sara Ramirez
Ava DuVernay, Shonda Rhimes & More React To ABC Canceling ‘Roseanne' was originally published on tlcnaptown.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
By Scott T. Sterling
Sam Smith has announced that his new album The Thrill Of It All will be released on November 3.
The announcement was coupled with the release of a new single, “Pray.” The song is mid-paced and emotive, matching Smith's powerful vocals with piano and a sparse beat, and gradually blossoming with a background choir, strings and guitar. “Pray” was produced by Timbaland.
The singer also announced a large run of North American tour dates for 2018.
Related: Sam Smith Shares Emotional ‘Too Good at Goodbyes' Video
Smith recently sat with Radio.com to discuss the new album.
“It's a diary, but not just about me, the singer said. “It's my thoughts and feelings on my family, fame, the world, all these different things. It's still a diary just attacked it from a different angle.”
Sam also opened up about the role his family played in the making of his sophomore effort.
“My family have been a part of every single moment of this record, I live with my sister so every time I come back from the studio, I play her everything I've made,” he said. “I sat with my mom and dad this time a lot and actually my mom throws amazing dinner parties and I would go over their house and we'd all crack open a bottle of wine and we'd sit round the table and I'd play them stuff. They're actually really honest with me and when they're not feeling something they'll let me know, and I'll disagree with them.”
“My dad hated, “Stay with Me” I remember when I played it for him he absolutely hated it, so they're very honest,” he continued.
“Some of my family's stories have made it into the album so, which, it's an amazing thing. The relationships my family have been in have inspired songs so it's also their diary now as well.”
Sam Smith is set to perform at this year's We Can Survive concert, set for Oct. 21 at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. Smith will appear alongside Alessia Cara, Harry Styles, Kesha, Khalid, Lorde, Macklemore, P!nk and Sam Hunt.
Check out “Pray” and the full tracklisting for The Thrill Of It All below.
The Thrill Of It All – Standard Track Listing
Too Good At Goodbyes
Say It First
One Last Song
Midnight Train
Burning
Him
Baby, You Make Me Crazy
No Peace (feat. YEBBA)
Palace
Pray
U.S. Deluxe Edition also includes:
Nothing Left For You
The Thrill Of It All
Scars
One Day At A Time
The Thrill Of It All Tour – 2018 North American Dates
6/18 – Toronto, ON @ Air Canada Centre
6/19 – Montreal, QC @ Bell Centre
6/22 – Detroit, MI Little @ Caesars Arena
6/23 – Columbus, OH @ Nationwide Arena
6/26 – Boston, MA @ TD Garden
6/27 – Brooklyn, @ NY Barclays Center
6/29 – New York, NY @ Madison Square Garden
7/3 – Washington, DC @ Capital One Arena
7/4 – Philadelphia, PA @ Wells Fargo Center
7/6 – Charlotte, NC @ Spectrum Center
7/7 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/10 – Duluth, GA @ Infinite Energy Center
7/11 – Orlando, FL @ Amway Center
7/13 – Tampa, FL @ Amalie Arena
7/14 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 – New Orleans, LA @ Smoothie King Center
7/18 – Houston, TX @ Toyota Center
7/20 – Dallas, TX @ American Airlines Center
7/21 – Austin, TX @ Frank Erwin Center
7/25 – Monterrey, MEX @ Arena Monterrey
7/27 – Mexico City, MEX @ Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 – Saint Paul, MN @ Xcel Energy Center
8/15 – Chicago, IL @ United Center
8/17 – St. Louis, MO @ Chaifetz Arena
8/18 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
8/21 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
8/22 – Salt Lake City, UT @ Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 – Sacramento, CA @ Golden 1 Center
8/28 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/29 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/31 – Glendale, AZ @Gila River Arena
9/1 – San Diego, CA @ Valley View Casino Center
9/4 – Oakland, CA @ Oracle Arena
9/5 – San Jose, CA @ SAP Center
9/7 – Portland, OR @ Moda Center
9/8 – Seattle, WA @ KeyArena
9/10 – Vancouver, BC @ Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
9/12 – Edmonton, AB @ Rogers Place
9/13 – Calgary, AB @ Scotiabank Saddledome
A year ago, a single bitcoin BTCUSD, +1.09% was valued at $570. Today, after a dramatic year of big ups and downs, bitcoin is over $4,000 and its market cap has gone over $70 billion for the first time.
If you're struggling to understand how this came to be — or just looking to relive the glory (or nightmare, depending on your perspective) — come along with us on a trip down meme-ory lane.
First, some history.
As bitcoin legend has it, “Satoshi Nakamoto” started hashing out the concept of a decentralized digital currency in 2007. To this day, the true identity of the person (or people) behind bitcoin remains a mystery.
In January 2009, the very first bitcoin was created and just days later, the first transaction took place between “Nakamoto” and crypto activist Hal Finney.
It wasn't until a year later that the very first real-world bitcoin transaction took place. Programmer Laszlo Hanyecz apparently paid 10,000 bitcoin for a pizza. At the time, that was worth only $25.
Still, the bitcoin world remained a mystery to many.
Then, in the summer of 2010, bitcoin's value surged tenfold in just five days. Bitcoin fans were thrilled, but the naysayers still weren't interested.
In November of that year, bitcoin's market cap reached $1 million.
Silk Road opened for business in 2011, and became best known as a bitcoin marketplace for selling illegal drugs on the dark web.
Just a few months after reaching parity with the dollar, bitcoin hit $10 in June 2011.
And still the volatility:
It rallied above $31 before plunging in “the crash of 2011” all the way back to single digits. By the time the sellers were through, bitcoin was 93% off its peak.
The bitcoin faithful stood strong, and the recovery began.
Mt. Gox, which became the world's largest bitcoin exchange after opening in 2010, shut down some four years later amid hacks and security breaches that cast a shadow on the future of cryptocurrencies.
There were eventually calls for the government to ban bitcoin. But bitcoin survived, of course, and more and more cryptocurrencies were created.
Then Donald Trump gets elected president...
... and bitcoin really explodes. Ethereum goes along for the ride, and then some.
Which has some people calling “Bubble!”
And others, “To the Moon!”
Even some of the biggest bulls, though, were biting their nails going into the Aug. 1 “hard fork” that brought about a new version of the currency called Bitcoin Cash. But, fork or no fork, bitcoin's rally wouldn't be held down and a week after the split, bitcoin was at an all-time high.
Meanwhile, bitcoin is also gaining a reputation as hackers' ransom of choice.
Given all the hoopla, it's not so much of a surprise that regulators are finally stepping in.
So, peak bitcoin?
It's yet to be seen, but as cryptocurrencies climb ever higher, the bitcoin faithful feel vindicated, for now...
... and the skeptics are left to consider how to play a crypto future.
Image copyright Daily Mirror Image caption Front page of the Daily Mirror
The PSNI's deputy chief constable, Drew Harris, is in the spotlight on Thursday morning as the Irish News reports he has been shortlisted for the position of Garda commissioner.
Mr Harris was formally in charge of the Northern Ireland police force's intelligence branch, and the newspaper reports that he is now thought to be favourite to secure the job.
It says the salary for the role of commissioner was recently increased to €250,000 (£219,000) from €180,000 (£158,000) in a bid to attract wider interest in the position.
The position became available after Nóirín O'Sullivan announced she was retiring in September of last year.
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Dep Ch Const Drew Harris has been shortlisted for the position of Garda commissioner
Ms O'Sullivan had faced several opposition calls to stand down over a number of issues, including her handling of police whistle-blowers and the disclosure that police officers had significantly exaggerated the number of breathalyser tests carried out.
The newspaper also reports that a former head of maths at St Colman's College in Newry has been sentenced to 13 years in prison for 29 counts of indecent assault.
Patrick James Carton, of Marguerite Close in Newcastle, County Down, also taught at De La Salle in Downpatrick.
The accusations covered a time period from 1983 to 2007.
The case also features on the front page of the News Letter which notes that the trial heard how Carton had given private maths lessons to his victims, abusing them in their own bedrooms.
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Patrick James Carton has been sentenced to 13 years in prison for 29 counts of indecent assault.
Another story on its front page indicates that an elderly woman has died following a fire at a house on Donegall Avenue in south Belfast.
The woman, who was in her 80s, was taken to hospital for treatment following the fire on Wednesday evening, but died a short time later.
The News Letter also reports that a DUP councillor has accused Sinn Féin of "politicising children and their safety" after road safety signs written in English and Irish, and sporting the party's logo were erected in County Antrim.
It says the signs have appeared on lampposts and telegraph poles in Glenavy.
DUP councillor James Tinsley said he had reported the matter to Roads Service and asked them to "take immediate action".
A Department for Infrastructure spokesperson said the signs are illegal and that Sinn Féin had agreed to have them removed. The News Letter says the Ulster Star newspaper had contacted Sinn Féin, but there had been no response at the time of publication.
'Face charges'
The Belfast Telegraph reports on its front page that the PSNI has warned that any pregnant women who take abortion pills to be delivered at a pro-choice protest outside a Belfast courthouse today, could face charges.
Police said taking the abortion tablets, which are to be delivered by a robot, "may constitute a criminal offence" and it would "take measures to bring the offender to justice".
The newspaper says a doctor is expected to counsel the women remotely, as the robots are operated from the Netherlands, in a bid to avoid breaking the law.
It also reports that the Electoral Commission is investigating money paid by Mid and East Antrim Council to sponsor a table at a DUP MP's constituency dinner.
Ian Paisley hosted the event at Tullyglass Hotel, Ballymena, last year.
The commission is focusing on £1,500, which it described as a "donation" to Mr Paisley. He insists the money was paid directly to the hotel.
The Daily Mirror's front page reports that Liverpool FC fan, Sean Cox, from County Meath, who was injured in an attack before the Champions League semi-final, has returned home to Ireland for treatment.
Mr Cox, 53, sustained head injuries before Liverpool's game at Anfield against AS Roma last month.
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Sean Cox is reported to be receiving treatment in Ireland
The newspaper reports he is receiving "round-the clock care" at Dublin's Beaumont hospital.
A source told the newspaper that despite a lack of progress in Mr Cox's condition, his "family remain hopeful that he will pull through".
Meanwhile, anyone with something precious to protect may want to take a note of the Daily Mirror story that building work is under way at a secret location in Northern Ireland for an impenetrable vault which will house thousands of safe deposit boxes.
Belfast Vaults have said the multi-million pound bunker will be the "first independent safe deposit box vault in Northern Ireland".
Among the items that can be stored include, cash, jewellery, gold bullion, photographs, and computer hard drives.
"In our Dublin vault we have clients who are in up to five time a day," Nigel Doolin of Belfast Vaults said.
"We have a gentleman who stores his father's ashes and we have a radio presenter who stores her unedited interviews in her safe deposit box."
For 82 seconds in the second period Saturday, the Islanders held a lead. They had fought back from an early slumber to go up by a goal on the Blue Jackets, only to have it vanish and become a deficit again minutes later.
It made their second comeback and second lead — and then actually holding onto it — all the more rewarding.
Brock Nelson scored the winner at 5:14 of the third period and the Islanders buckled down for a white-knuckle ride from there to earn a crucial 4-3 win over the Blue Jackets at Barclays Center.
The Islanders' (26-22-5) snapped a two-game skid that felt longer after they were crushed 9-1 over back-to-back nights coming out of the All-Star break. Saturday's game had extra significance as it came against the Blue Jackets (27-21-4), one of the teams the Islanders are chasing in the Metropolitan Division for a playoff spot.
Nelson's strike — only his second since Dec. 11 — came just after an Islanders power play expired and it sent the home crowd into a frenzy. Ryan Pulock fired a slap shot that Columbus goalie Joonas Korpisalo denied, but Andrew Ladd collected the rebound out front. He calmly slid the puck over to Nelson, who stopped it with his skate and tucked it away for the goal.
Jordan Eberle had tied the game less than three minutes earlier. The winger came flying down the seam and took a kick pass from Mathew Barzal, ripping a wrister that trickled through.
Islanders netminder Jaroslav Halak (46 saves) sealed the win by turning away a flurry of Blue Jackets shots on a late power play.
Halak was under siege again Saturday, a common theme in recent weeks. The league average for a team is 31.8 shots per game, but the Islanders haven't allowed under that number since Dec. 19. They surpassed that mark at 9:36 of the second period Saturday night.
But before the Blue Jackets could record their 33rd shot, the Islanders took their first lead of the night. In his first game on the top line, Anthony Beauvillier stayed hot and fired a slap shot from the point that Josh Bailey redirected in front of the net for the goal at 11:14.
Just 82 seconds later, though, it was knotted back up. The Blue Jackets pounced on a turnover by Scott Mayfield as Cam Atkinson walked in for a point-blank shot on Halak that made it 2-2.
And before the period was over, the Blue Jackets had their lead back. A Bailey turnover gave way to a breakaway for Nick Foligno, who dangled around Halak for the 3-2 lead at 18:03.
The Islanders were lucky to get out of the first period with a 1-1 tie after the Blue Jackets dominated the shots on goal, 26-12. Despite giving up a power-play goal at 6:12 on a loose rebound, Halak kept the Islanders alive with 25 saves.
The Blue Jackets didn't waste any time starting their firing practice on Halak, recording four shots on goal in the game's first 31 seconds and 15 in the first 7:02.
But Nick Leddy tied it 1-1 when he cashed in on the power play, flicking a wrister into the back of the net at 17:38. It was Leddy's first goal since Nov. 24, getting the monkey off his back after 30 straight games without one.
The singer and dancer says she has “very unpredictable” emotions – “You don't know from one day to the next what I'll be like”. Bring it on...
Savanna Darnell, aged 22, has two claims to fame. One is that, as a baby, her face was on the packaging of a nappy brand – always good to know. And the other is that her father is an 80s pop star, Kid Creole.
Advertisement
Otherwise known as August Darnell, Savanna's father is the frontman of the band Kid Creole and The Coconuts, famed for their latin and disco pop hits, including UK number 2 hit Annie I'm Not Your Daddy (Savanna, he is your daddy).
Taking after her father, Savanna is a singer and dancer. She says: “I feel like I'm not afraid to be myself. I'm a very out there person. My friends would say I'm not conventional. I can be quite silly. I get on with people very easily. I'm confident; I didn't use to be, I was very shy.
“I don't know where it came from but I became confident over time. I was on tour for a while meeting lots of people so maybe that helped.”
Savanna admits that her ex boyfriends would describe her as “unpredictable” – “You don't know from one day to the next what I'll be like… I do fall deep and my emotions are very unpredictable. If I fall for someone, my feelings are uncontrollable.”
What is Savanna looking for in a boy?
“I think I'm looking for a guy that I can be myself around. I want someone I can have a silly time with. I love the thought of having an amazing experience with a guy who comes on the journey with me,” says Savanna.
“The best way to win my heart is making me laugh. If you can make me laugh then let's get married now! I love having silly time with a boyfriend, just being ourselves. He can be the fittest guy ever, but if he can't make me laugh, there's no point. You need to have great chat, banter, and a great personality.”
Who is Savanna Darnell? Key facts:
Age: 22
Job: Singer and dancer
Instagram: savannabelladarnell_
Twitter: @savannabella_
Advertisement
Location: Sheffield
Miss Colombia's Instagram fail triggers criticism Miss Colombia Ariadna Gutierrez has congratulated the real Miss Universe — but her actions on Instagram have divided and angered social media. Wednesday on Instagram, she posted a message in...
Miss Colombia offered chance to compete for another crown Miss Colombia was given a chance Tuesday to compete for a crown she can wear, presumably, for more than two minutes. Officials with the 2016 Las Vegas Model Search International...
Enel to sell power from Rattlesnake Creek wind farm to Facebook and Adobe
Enel Green Power North America has agreed to sell the power generated by the 320MW Rattlesnake Creek wind farm in Nebraska to Facebook and Adobe.
The deal with Facebook expands upon the previous agreement for the purchase of Rattlesnake Creek's output, increasing the renewable power supply to Facebook's data centre in Papillion, Nebraska, upon its expansion.
The agreement with Adobe will support their commitment to expanding the availability of grid-scale renewable energy. Rattlesnake Creek, which is EGPNA's first Nebraska wind facility, is currently under construction and is expected to start operations by the end of 2018.
Enel Green Power head Antonio Cammisecra said: “We are thrilled to partner with Facebook and Adobe on this wind project and to meet their individual energy needs through a customised solution.
“Agreements like these are a prime example of our ability to work collaboratively with corporate customers on tailor-made solutions, managing multiple off-takers with different energy supply volume needs.”
The new deal between Enel and Facebook widens the scope of the bundled, long-term power purchase agreement for 200 MW signed in November 2017 to gradually include the plant's overall output by 2029, following Facebook's decision to significantly expand its data centre in Papillion, around 120 miles from Rattlesnake Creek.
The energy produced by the entire wind farm will enable the expanded data centre to be 100% renewable-powered.
Facebook global energy director Bobby Hollis said: “Powering our data centers with 100% clean and renewable energy is not just a goal for Facebook, it is a requirement of our business.
“The Rattlesnake Creek wind farm will enable us to power our future Papillion Data Center, and fulfills our passion to expand the energy market for other corporate buyers, like Adobe.”
Under the agreement with Adobe, the power and renewable energy credits from a 10 MW portion of Rattlesnake Creek will be sold to the software company through a bundled power purchase agreement in the 2019-2028 period, before the plant's total output is due to supply Facebook's data centre in 2029.
Strategic energy management services company Competitive Energy Services (CES) acted as Adobe's partner in bringing this power purchase agreement to fruition.
Adobe sustainability strategist Vince Digneo said: “We're excited to reach the next milestone in our sustainability goals through this agreement with Enel and Facebook.
“Collaboration is everything and we believe that PPA partnerships like this one are the way forward. Grid-scale renewable energy purchases are a key part of meeting our Science Based Targets and are critically important in decarbonising U.S. grids.”
The Rattlesnake Creek wind farm is owned by Rattlesnake Creek Wind Project, LLC, a subsidiary of EGPNA, and is located in Dixon County, Nebraska.
Investment in the construction of the wind farm amounts to approximately 430 million US dollars and is part of the investment outlined in Enel's current strategic plan. The project is financed through the Group's own resources.
Once fully operational in 2019, the 320 MW wind farm will be able to generate around 1.3 TWh annually.
Enel Green Power North America, part of the Renewable Energies division of the Enel Group, is a leading owner and operator of renewable energy plants in North America with projects operating and under development in 23 US states and two Canadian provinces.
EGPNA operates around 100 plants with a managed capacity exceeding 4.2 GW powered by renewable hydropower, wind, geothermal and solar energy.
In 2017, the company was the fastest growing renewable energy company in the US, bringing approximately 1.2 GW of capacity online. The company is currently the largest wind operator in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Enel Green Power, the renewable energies division of the Enel Group, is dedicated to the development and operation of renewables across the world, with a presence in Europe, the Americas, Asia, Africa and Oceania.
Source: Company Press Release
Deep Silver/Sega/Aspyr
Every week, there are more games for more systems than ever before. So, every week, we pick five games worth your time and money to play this week. Starting with the GI Joe game we all wanted but never quite got.
Pick Of The Week: Agents Of Mayhem, Tuesday ($60, PS4, Xbox One and PC)
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
If you dearly remember the postmodern commentary and utter hilarious carnage of the Saints Row series, it's back, sort of, in a game paying tribute to the Saturday morning action cartoons of yore and set in one of the many alternate realities that spawned from Saints Row IV‘s insane ending. Pick a squad of quasi-military borderline superheroes, each with unique weapons, gear, and superpowers ranging from lightning strikes to stuffing people in your giant balls, and fight the evil forces of Legion by blowing things up. You know, for freedom!
Because freedom means explosions, didn't you learn anything from Michael Bay?
Sonic Mania, Tuesday ($20, PS4, Xbox One, and Switch)
Yes, Sonic is returning to his roots with Sonic Mania, a 2D platformer like the classic games of yore, when the inexplicably quick blue hedgehog blasted his way through loop-de-loops and collected rings instead of fighting his Glock-toting evil clone. The goal is to completely replicate the experience, right down to the animation and pixel graphics, and the result should be interesting. If nothing else, it'll be a nice throwback to the '90s. And hey, speaking of Sega and the '90s…
A truck driver from Rustburg is dead from a power line electrocution outside Washington D.C. Fairfax County Police say 47-year-old Bobby Blevins Junior pulled off to the side of the roadway Thursday and apparently tried to raise the metal cover that caps the trailer, putting that cover in contact with overhead power lines. The exact circumstances remain under investigation.
From Fairfax County Police: A 47-year-old man is dead after he was electrocuted early [Thursday] morning while standing at his work vehicle near power lines. Officers and paramedics were originally called to the area of Mordor Drive and Furnace Road in Lorton just after 6 a.m. for a report of an unconscious truck driver on the side of the road. While paramedics were providing medical attention to the man, officers noted that the metal arm of the extended truck cover appeared to be in contact with the overhead wires. The driver, Bobby Blevins, Jr., was taken to the hospital and later pronounced dead. It is unknown why he had pulled over at that location and why he may have tried to raise the extended truck cover. Detectives from our Major Crimes Bureau are on scene investigating.
Jerry Drake Varnell, 23, allegedly attempted to bomb a bank in a manner similar to the April 19, 1995 bombing of the Alfred C. Murrah building, but an undercover FBI agent stood between him and his plans, authorities said. (Source: Raycom Media)
OKLAHOMA CITY, OK (RNN) - A man was arrested Monday after his alleged attempt to bomb a bank in downtown Oklahoma City.
Jerry Drake Varnell, 23, allegedly attempted to bomb a bank with a device similar to the one responsible the April 19, 1995 bombing of the Alfred C. Murrah building, but an undercover FBI agent stood between him and his plans, authorities said.
Varnell was arrested in the early morning hours Monday by the FBI, the Joint Terrorism Task Force and other law enforcement officers after the alleged attempt to blow up the building failed.
The efforts of the FBI agent led Varnell to build a vehicle-based bomb that ended up being inert. The bomb failed to detonate when he dialed the number to explode it in front of the BancFirst building.
The public was not in danger, authorities said.
"There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation," said Kathryn Peterson, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in Oklahoma, KOCO reported. "I can assure the public, without hesitation, that we had Varnell's actions monitored every step of the way."
He initially wanted to blow up the Eccles Federal Reserve Building in Washington, DC, the complaint said, but also considered bombing the IRS and Facebook and Bank of America data centers, the complaint said.
Varnell first came to the FBI's attention in December 2016 when a confidential informant reported on him.
"I'm out for blood. When militias start getting formed I'm going after governmental officials when I have a team," Varnell told the confidential source, according to the criminal complaint.
Varnell said he also had a bunker for when the U.S. failed.
The confidential informant provided similar message from Varnell in early 2017, and the informant, who was wired by authorities, met with Varnell in Sayre, OK, in April and May 2017, where he discussed the bombings and asked the informant to get him ammonia nitrate.
The FBI undercover agent started meeting with Varnell in late May and helped him assemble his bomb, the complaint said. During their meetings, Varnell admitted adhering to "III% ideology ... wanting to start the next revolution."
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
Despite the MacBook's svelte design, their batteries last a long time because Apple put a lot of thought into how the hardware and software work together. Still, if you find yourself running out of juice, some simple changes can help you extend your MacBook battery life. Apple designs its laptops to maximize user productivity and []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
Like the albino alligator or the jeweled squid, you can find a pitcher drafted by the Yankees in the past quarter of century who has had success as a starter, but it is rare.
The Yankees unearthed Andy Pettitte — a gift — in the 22nd round in 1990 and the lefty became one of the greatest starters in the organization's history. And then, well, let's just say the species — Yankeeus Starterus — has not exactly been bountiful.
There has been something akin to the Curse of Brien Taylor. The Yankees took the fireballing lefty with the first overall pick in 1991, he seemed destined for greatness, blew out his shoulder in a fight back home in North Carolina and never reached the majors.
Since then Eric Milton and Ian Kennedy stand as the most successful starters drafted by the Yankees — but with little of that done for the actual Yankees, and with accomplishments that define No. 3 starter. Meanwhile, Phil Hughes never fully blossomed, Joba Chamberlain never ruled, Dellin Betances became a reliever, Andrew Brackman was a myth and Gerrit Cole never signed.
Now, here is Jordan Montgomery, trying to reverse the curse. The Yankees hope he is part of a cornerstone of young starters that come internationally like Luis Severino or in trade like Justus Sheffield and even from their own draft like Montgomery — fourth-round selection, 122nd pick, 2014.
The 24-year-old lefty made his second start Monday night and, like the first, showed enough that you want to see more and — as vital — earned the right to get that opportunity. Montgomery has contributed to two victories within what is now an eight-game Yankee winning streak.
On this occasion he opened with six shutout innings while the Yankees' built an insurmountable lead that would bring a 7-4 triumph. Three of the White Sox runs came off the bat of Yolmer Sanchez, a homer to left that finished Montgomery's effort in the seventh inning. He jogged off to a strong applause from a not very big crowd at the Stadium.
He deserved it and his first major league win.
“That [the first win] sounds good,” Montgomery said. “Hopefully, it will be the first of many.”
Montgomery struck out seven Rays in 4 ²/₃ innings of his major league debut and, for a follow up, Joe Girardi requested better precision and greater length. He got both. Montgomery threw strike one to the first 11 White Sox he faced and worked into the seventh.
But as important as anything is that Montgomery — as he did in going from not even in the spring competition for a rotation spot to the No. 5 job — continued to give off a sense he belongs. There is a polish and poise about him. He does not overwhelm with power, but rather with variety, arm angle and execution.
He struck out four Chicago batters, the finishing pitches being two sliders, one fastball and one changeup. He induced two Pettitte-esque double plays with his sinker as part of holding the White Sox to one hit in nine at-bats with men on base over the first six innings as the Yankees gained a 7-0 lead.
“It was nice to see him turn it up,” Austin Romine said. “He does not shy away [from tough moments].”
It will get rougher, of course. The league will get a book on Montgomery. I remember a Yankees draft pick, a lefty named
Jeff Johnson, who came up in 1991 and went 4-3 with a 2.70 ERA in his first nine starts. It was easy to believe the Yankees had discovered an asset. He finished that season 6-11 with a 5.95 ERA, had 10 starts sprinkled over the next two seasons and ended his major league and Yankee career 8-16 with a 6.52 ERA.
Also, on the Yankees internal depth chart, their No. 1 pitching prospect was James Kaprielian, the team's first-round pick in 2015 who like Montgomery excited the Yanks in spring. He is scheduled for Tommy John surgery Tuesday.
Also, let's face it, this version of the rebuilding White Sox in The Bronx is not exactly the Red Sox in Fenway.
So, yes, there are all kinds of hurdles in front of Montgomery if he is indeed going to really help reverse the curse. But you can't take the third step or the 10th or the 90th without the first two.
“I made the best of my chance [in spring] and it turned into this,” Montgomery said.
Two down, who knows how many more to go. But in a rare occurrence, a Yankee draft choice has been spotted in the team's rotation. Maybe the breed can come off the sport's endangered species list.
2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. Pause
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
WASHINGTON (AP) – The U.S. lost 33,000 jobs in September after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma hit Texas, Florida and other Southeastern states. It was the first decline in six years.
The Labor Department says the unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the lowest level since February 2001.
Looking past the hurricanes' impact, the job market and economy generally look healthy. Some economists expect job growth to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in a restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry.
Four-time champion John Higgins overcame a slow start to ease into the second round of the Betfred World Championship with a 10-6 victory over Martin Gould at the Crucible.
Higgins held a commanding 7-2 lead overnight in the best-of-19 clash but lost three of the first four frames as Londoner Gould took the score to 8-5.
But Higgins, the world number six, sent out a warning with the manner of his third-frame success, putting together a 127 break - the third highest of the tournament to date.
Gould averted defeat with an 80 in the 15th frame but could not prevent the inevitable as Higgins sealed his win at the next attempt.
He will play Northern Ireland's Mark Allen in the next round.
Weinstein Co., the troubled movie company that failed in the wake of sexual harassment claims against co-founder Harvey Weinstein, filed for bankruptcy with plans to sell its entertainment assets.
Under a deal the company announced in a statement Monday, Weinstein will sell itself to an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners.
Harvey Weinstein Photographer: Peter Foley/Bloomberg
The film studio, founded in 2005 by Weinstein and his brother Bob, sought protection in Wilmington, Delaware, listing as much as $1 billion in debt and $1 billion in assets. Weinstein was fired from the company, and has denied non-consensual sex.
The company also agreed to release any women who settled sexual harassment claims involving the company from their non-disclosure agreements, freeing them to tell their stories without fear of being sued.
“No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet,” the company said in a statement.
The proposed sale must be approved by a bankruptcy judge. Under the proposed reorganization, Lantern would act as a so-called stalking horse, which means other bidders would have a chance to top that initial offer.
The filing comes after at least one other buyer backed out after discovering how high the company's liabilities could go.
Maria Contreras-Sweet, a former head of the small-business administration under President Barack Obama, had formed a group to buy the company, emphasizing that she wanted to advance women's business ownership through a deal. But she announced March 6 that the group was pulling out after discovering the company's liabilities are higher than the $225 million previously thought.
It was her second offer, after a November bid had also been made. Her group, which included billionaires Ron Burkle and Len Blavatnik, has indicated it would consider the assets again if they became available in a bankruptcy.
The scandal, which has grown to include more than 80 allegations of individual abuse, has become more of a media topic than the firm's highest grossing films like "Django Unchained" and "The King's Speech."
Despite Weinstein's departure, troubles have snowballed, with partners and lenders distancing themselves and a February lawsuit from New York state alleging a pervasive culture of abuse. The complaint said "wing women" and sex scheduling by assistants were examples of how the company aided and abetted Weinstein's harassment while its board and executives looked on.
Bankruptcies are often used to cleave profitable assets from legacy liability, with the economic rationale of giving a promising business a new start. They usually do so through a trust, which caps the amount that can flow out for issues like faulty products or toxic pollution exposure.
The lawsuit from New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman implied that the initial $500 million bid from Contreras-Sweet might leave victims without enough funding for such a trust.
Weinstein is one of many powerful men around the country being ousted amid a movement signified by #metoo and #timesup on social media. The Los Angeles district attorney even created a special task force to deal with a deluge of sexual abuse claims in the entertainment industry. The bankruptcy shows how difficult it can be for companies to sever themselves from key figures -- an issue even trickier for entertainment companies, where "talent" is seen as a highly specialized asset.
Since Weinstein's departure, Tom Barrack's Colony Capital has dropped plans to make a cash infusion, and Fortress Investment Group LLC's negotiations to provide a $35 million lifeline were said to end.
One lender, AI International Holdings, affiliated with Len Blavatnik's Access Industries, said in a lawsuit that Weinstein's departure from the company and the circumstances surrounding it were an event of default under a $45 million loan. It entered into a forbearance agreement.
Apple Inc., Viacom Inc. and A+E Television Networks LLC had previously pulled projects with Weinstein Co.
The New York lawsuit said a four-month investigation showed how Weinstein forced female employees to serve in "humiliating and demeaning roles that required them to facilitate and support" his sexual activity, including by accompanying him to parties as "wing women," where they introduced him to young women, and keeping space open on his calendar for sexual activity.
Actresses that have accused the company include Dominique Huett, who claimed Weinstein masturbated in front of her and performed oral sex on her in 2010, suing for $5 million; and Uma Thurman, who starred in some of Weinstein's hit movies, such as “Pulp Fiction” and the “Kill Bill” trilogy.
The case is In re: The Weinstein Company Holdings LLC, 18-10601, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, District of Delaware (Wilmington)
IT management requires both technical skills and the ability to manage teams, projects and processes. These 10 certifications will help you showcase your IT management skills and abilities.
IT managers are often responsible not just for overseeing the IT infrastructure in an organization but overseeing IT teams as well. To succeed as an IT manager, you will need to understand the fundamentals of security, data storage, hardware, software, networking and IT management frameworks — and how they all work within the business. Plus, you will need to be adept at managing teams, projects and processes
The certifications that you'll want for an IT management position will vary depending on the types of technology you work with and the methodologies your organization subscribes to. But if you're already on the management track, or have your eye on an IT management career, any one of these 10 IT management certifications will help give you a leg up in the industry.
Top 10 IT management certifications
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM)
Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT)
Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
COBIT 5 Foundation Certification
CompTIA Project+
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL)
PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP)
Six Sigma Certification
TOGAF 9 Certification
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM)
As an IT manager, you'll be responsible for overseeing multiple IT projects during your career. The CAPM certification from the Project Management Institute (PMI) will demonstrate your ability to handle the responsibility of managing a product or service lifecycle. The CAPM is a generalized entry-level exam, but if you already have a background in project management, you might want to consider PMI's Project Management Professional certification. The PMP exam requires extensive experience and a background in project management, which makes it more difficult to obtain.
Exam fee: $225 for members, $300 for non-members
$225 for members, $300 for non-members Retake fee: $150 for members, $200 for non-members
$150 for members, $200 for non-members Renewal fee: $225 for members, $300 for non-members
$225 for members, $300 for non-members Renewal exam fee: $150 for members, $200 for non-members
$150 for members, $200 for non-members Expiration: 5 years
For additional project management certs, see “Top 11 project management certs for 2018.”
Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT)
The ISACA claims that IT professionals with a CGEIT certification are among the highest; the 2016 IT Skills and Salary Report from Global Knowledge cites an average salary of $131,443 for those with their CGEIT certification. This certification will show you're capable of dealing with any security threats and that you're well-versed on the requirements for IT governance. You'll need at least five years' experience in IT governance or management to qualify for the exam.
Exam fee: $420 early-registration for members, $600 for non-members; $470 deadline-fee for members, $650 for non-members
$420 early-registration for members, $600 for non-members; $470 deadline-fee for members, $650 for non-members Retake fee: N/A
N/A Renewal fee: $45 annual fee for members, $85 for non-members
$45 annual fee for members, $85 for non-members Expiration: Every three years; at least 20 CPE hours annually and 120 CPE over the course of three-years
For additional IT governance certs, see “The top 6 governance, risk and compliance certifications.”
Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)
The CSM certification from Scrum Alliance is designed to certify you as a point person to help Scrum teams work efficiently. The CSM is responsible for leading the team, limiting distractions and working across teams and departments to keep projects on track. It requires all the soft and hard skills IT managers need to effectively manage projects and teams. With the certification, you'll receive a logo to showcase your credentials as well as a two-year membership with Scrum Alliance, which will give you access to online social networks, discounts on events and other resources.
Exam fee: Free for initial certification
Free for initial certification Retake fee: Two free attempts within 60 days; $25 per try after the 60 days.
Two free attempts within 60 days; $25 per try after the 60 days. Renewal fee: $100
$100 Expiration: Two years
For additional agile-related certs, see “7 agile certs to take your career to the next level.”
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
Security is a main concern for the enterprise and once you start heading into management and leadership positions, it will become one of your top priorities. A CISSP certification from the ISC can demonstrate your knowledge and abilities around IT security and information assurance. The certification covers high-level topics like organizational structure, budgeting, managing risk, monitoring and assigning deliverables, communicating with remote teams and executives and managing complex large-scope projects.
Exam fee: $699
Retake fee: N/A
Renewal fee: $85 annual maintenance fee
Expiration: Three years
COBIT 5 Foundation Certification
If your company subscribes to the COBIT 5 IT management framework, you might be interested in the ISACA's COBIT 5 Foundation exam. The foundation and implementation exams will demonstrate your ability to understand IT challenges and how COBIT can be applied to fix organizational and process problems. The COBIT exam is offered by various vendors — some include training or boot camp programs if you're not familiar with COBIT 5, while others will let you just take the exam.
Exam fee: Varies by vendor
Varies by vendor Retake fee: Varies by vendor
Varies by vendor Renewal fee: N/A
N/A Expiration: Does not expire
CompTIA Project+
CompTIA's Project+ certification is a high-level exam designed for “professionals who need to manage smaller, less complex projects as part of their other job duties but still have foundational project management skills.” It's a versatile certification that cover multiple methodologies, frameworks and management concepts — best suited for those who “coordinate or manage small-to-medium sized projects.”
Exam fee : $302
: $302 Retake fee: $302 for another exam, or you can buy a bundle that includes a retake voucher for $389
$302 for another exam, or you can buy a bundle that includes a retake voucher for $389 Renewal fee: N/A
N/A Expiration: Does not expire
For additional project management certs, see “Top 11 project management certs for 2018.”
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL)
The ITIL framework from Axelos is a cornerstone in IT service and if your organization subscribes to the methodology a certification will help prove your ITIL expertise. It's a great certification for managers of all levels, because it focuses heavily on implementing effective management strategies to improve team efficiency and to improve process in the organization. You can be certified up to the expert level, which demonstrates high competency in ITIL best practices. Like the COBIT 5 certification, you'll have to find a third-party vendor that offers an accredited program or exam. Prices will vary depending on the company or training provider you choose.
Exam fee: Varies, depending on vendor
Varies, depending on vendor Retake fee: Varies
Varies Renewal fee: N/A
N/A Expiration: Does not expire
For a deeper look at the ITIL cert, see “ITIL certification: Mastering IT services management.”
PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP)
IT managers and leaders who rely on the agile framework will benefit from a PMI-ACP certification. This certification demonstrates your ability to work on or lead an agile team. It covers Scrum, Kanban, Lean, Extreme programming (XP) and test-driven development (TDD). To qualify for the exam, you need 2,000 hours of project management experience or a current PMP or PgMP certification, an additional 1,500 hours working on agile project teams or with agile methodologies and 21 contact hours of training in agile practices.
Exam fee: $435 for members, $495 for non-members
$435 for members, $495 for non-members Retake fee: Two free retakes within one year of the initial exam
Two free retakes within one year of the initial exam Renewal: 30 PDU (professional development unit) credits every three years
30 PDU (professional development unit) credits every three years Expiration: Three years
For additional agile-related certs, see “7 agile certs to take your career to the next level.”
Six Sigma Certification
There are 5 levels of certification within the Six Sigma methodology, starting with green belt. From there, you'll move up the hierarchy to the top level — Executive Leadership. It's a mentorship and training program that emphasizes IT project management and leadership. Each level mentors a lower level of Six Sigma trainees, emphasizing effective leadership through change and staying agile through organizational transformation. Certifications are offered through your organization or through third-party vendors, so pricing will vary depending on the available options.
Exam fee: Varies by vendor
Varies by vendor Retake fee: Varies by vendor
Varies by vendor Renewal fee: N/A
N/A Expiration: Does not expire
TOGAF 9 Certification
The TOGAF 9 is a standard developed by The Open Group for enterprise architecture management. It's designed to certify your knowledge in a “common body of core knowledge about the methodology and framework. The TOGAF 9 is specifically focused on enterprise architecture and aligning IT goals with business goals. As an IT management framework, it will help demonstrate your capabilities with cross-departmental communication, defining business and IT goals and eliminating process errors across the organization. Like the ITIL and COBIT 5 certifications, you'll need to find a third-party vendor to take the exam.
Exam fee: Varies by vendor
Varies by vendor Retake fee: Varies by vendor
Varies by vendor Renewal fee: N/A
N/A Expiration: Does not expire
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Victor Jara was killed when he was just 40 years old
A judge in Chile has found eight retired soldiers guilty of the 1973 murder of popular folk singer Victor Jara.
A ninth suspect was sentenced for his role as an accessory to Jara's murder.
Victor Jara was arrested the day after the military coup led by Gen Augusto Pinochet and taken to a sports stadium in Santiago, where he was tortured in front of other prisoners.
His body was found days later, riddled with bullets.
Soldiers had crushed his fingers, telling him he would never be able to play his guitar again. The 40-year-old singer became famous in the 1960s and 70s for his protest and pacifist songs such as The Right to Live in Peace.
A member of Chile's Communist Party, he was a strong supporter of socialist President Salvador Allende, who was overthrown by Gen Pinochet on 11 September 1973.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Victor Jara (first from right) was an activist as well as a singer-songwriter
More than 3,000 people were killed or disappeared during the 17 years of Gen Pinochet's rule.
Drawn-out legal battle
Victor Jara was one of about 5,000 people arrested in the immediate aftermath of the coup who were taken to the Chile stadium in the capital.
Those who survived the ordeal recounted how the singer was interrogated and tortured, with soldiers stepping on his hands and smashing them with a rifle butt.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Victor Jara was one of Chile's most famous singer-songwriters and is remembered fondly by many
His body was found riddled with 44 bullets a few days after his disappearance. It had been dumped alongside that of Littre Quiroga Carvajal, a fellow communist who at the time was director of prisons.
Eight of the former military officers on trial were sentenced to 15 years each for the murder of the two men and three more years for kidnapping them.
The ninth was given five years for his role as an accessory to Jara's and Quiroga's murders.
The sentence comes two years after a jury in the US state of Florida found former Chilean army officer Pedro Pablo Barrientos liable for Jara's murder.
The Florida jury awarded Jara's family $28m (£21m) in damages. Chile has been seeking his extradition from the US but so far without success.
WASHINGTON — Ignoring concerns raised by international monitoring groups, President Donald Trump called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday to congratulate him on the country's contested referendum greatly expanding presidential powers.
The move comes despite protests from opposition parties and international monitoring groups — as well as Trump's own State Department — about voting irregularities during Sunday's referendum. And it aligns Trump with a leader who has taken on an increasingly authoritarian bent.
Voters Sunday narrowly approved constitutional amendments that will replace Turkey's parliamentary system with a presidential one. Under the new system, the president will be able to appoint ministers and senior government officials, issue decrees and declare states of emergency.
Opposition parties have complained of a series of irregularities, including an electoral board decision to accept ballots that did not bear official stamps, as required by Turkish law. International monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said the move undermined safeguards against fraud.
Earlier Monday, U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner echoed the concerns raised by the OSCE, pointing to “observed irregularities” on voting day and “an uneven playing field” during the campaign.
Erdoğan, meanwhile, called the referendum “the most democratic election … ever seen in any Western country” and admonished the OSCE monitors to “know your place.”
Critics argue the reforms in Turkey will hand extensive power to a man with an increasingly autocratic bent and leave few checks and balances in place.
Underscoring the complicated relationship between the U.S. and Turkey, the White House readout of Trump's call also noted the pressing issues on which the U.S. has tried to work with Turkey, namely fighting the Islamic State group and quelling Syria's civil war.
Earlier Monday, the White House had sidestepped questions on the referendum, with spokesman Sean Spicer saying the U.S. wanted to let an international commission review the results.
“They have a right to have elections and their people participated in that,” Spicer said. “Before we start getting into their government system, let this commission get through its work.”
Erdoğan had a bumpy relationship with Trump's predecessor. President Barack Obama initially viewed Erdoğan as a possible model for a new generation of Muslim leaders and traveled to Turkey early in his first year in office. The two men spoke frequently during the start of Obama's tenure.
But as Erdoğan took a turn toward authoritarianism, his relationship with Obama worsened.
Last year, Obama said there were trends in Turkey that he was “troubled with,” including a fierce crackdown on the press.
“There is no doubt that President Erdoğan has been repeatedly elected through a democratic process, but I think the approach that they've been taking towards the press is one that could lead Turkey down a path that would be very troubling,” Obama said in an April 2016 news conference.
This 20-Year-Old Rapper Made Ed Sheeran's ‘Shape of You' into a Pride Anthem That's Going Viral: WATCH
What have you been doing this spring to get your summer body ready? Morning jogs, eating right, a trainer, tae bo?
Or have you really messed up and aren't ready to flaunt that bod at Key Largo Pride just yet?
Well, turns out you may not really need one to attract a hottie. Just don't be a crybaby about it.
Watch the latest from YouTube comic Michael Henry:
Wall Street whistle-blowers just got another reason to take their gripes directly to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Employees who report corporate wrongdoing are offered financial incentives and protection from retaliation under the Dodd-Frank law, but the law left a lingering question of which whistle-blowers are protected. In a series of recent rulings, U.S. judges have narrowed the definition of what merits a shield under the law -- saying that to qualify, any flags must be raised to the SEC.
In the latest example, a federal judge in New Jersey ruled last week that an employee who took his complaints to the financial industry's self-regulator wasn't entitled to the protections though the body, Finra, is overseen by the SEC. Craig Price, a former UBS AG financial adviser, had claimed he'd been fired after testifying, in a formal deposition conducted by Finra, that a colleague had evaded compliance safeguards and tapped a wealthy client's account to cover his own expenses.
Fired UBS Adviser Reignites Palm Beach Scandal Over Rich Widow
Numerous federal laws prohibit companies from retaliating against workers who report violations involving employment, health and safety issues. Dodd-Frank was drafted after the financial crisis to encourage employees to disclose fraud and securities-law misdeeds.
According to several court challenges, the wording in the 2010 law left unclear whether the shield would apply only to people taking concerns to the SEC or more broadly to employees who report apparent misdeeds internally, via corporate hot-lines or other means. As that question wound its way to the Supreme Court, an amicus brief filed by Justice Department and SEC lawyers argued that employees shouldn't have to go directly to the commission to qualify to receive protection against retaliation.
But the Supreme Court saw it otherwise. In February, it clarified that under Dodd-Frank, a whistle-blower is someone who takes the complaint to the SEC. Employees reporting internally aren't covered by the anti-retaliation measures, the court said in the case, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. v. Paul Somers.
Finra Claims
The ruling left unanswered whether people who bring claims to Finra are protected. Price argued that because the SEC oversees Finra rulemaking, disciplinary proceedings and other matters, reports to the self-regulator should be protected under Dodd-Frank.
Dismissing the claim, Judge William Martini in New Jersey said Price's “testimony to Finra plainly does not meet the statutory requirement and he, therefore, is not a whistle-blower under Dodd-Frank."
Price, who worked for UBS in Stuart, Florida, said he intends to pursue a similar claim against UBS under a state whistle-blower statue.
“In my years in the business, nobody has ever mentioned in training or compliance manuals ‘Go to an external place with problems,'" Price said in an interview. “It's always ‘Go to a line manager or the compliance department.”'
“We are pleased with the court's decision to dismiss Price's Dodd-Frank whistle-blower retaliation claim in this case,” UBS spokesman Peter Stack said in a written statement. “We will continue to vigorously defend against the remaining claim as we believe that it too lacks merit."
Finra didn't respond to requests for comment.
Most fan bases believe national announcers are against them. But Green Bay fans have gone to the extreme, starting a petition to get Troy Aikman and Joe Buck off the Cowboys-Packers NFC divisional playoff game on Sunday.
The petition on Change.org, created by Andrew Dorff of Brookfield, Wis., has received 26,395 signatures. It is titled “Get Troy Aikman and Joe Buck banned from announcing Green Bay Packer's [sic] games.” Aikman, the former Cowboys quarterback, found it humorous.
“There's a long line they've got to get in to try to keep us from calling games,” Aikman told The Ticket in Dallas on Thursday. “I don't know if there's Cowboys fan petitions, but I get it from Cowboys fans too, saying that I'm against their team.
“It is pretty remarkable, though, especially for Packers fans. We've had their games in recent weeks and they've played great, we've talked about how great they've been playing and how great Aaron Rodgers has been. So it's a little bit confusing, but it is what it is.
“I could not care less about that. I know Joe, he does get a little bit bothered by it. He's a little sensitive when he hears that people don't want us to broadcast their games.”
Whenever criticism gets to him, Aikman refers to what longtime play-by-play man Pat Summerall told him years ago when he was a player.
“People didn't have social media, they would write fan mail. And he said, ‘Hey, as long as I'm getting fan mail — hate mail, I guess you could say — from both sides, then I feel like I'm doing my job,” Aikman said. “But I think there's some truth in that.”
ESSEX–The North Country track and field team sent several members of their squad to the Essex Invitational on Saturday.
Despite the less than ideal conditions, one member of the team gave a memorable performance for the ages.
Senior Aleksei Bingham was able to break the old school record for the 3000M race that was held by current All-American Sam Brunnette, who is currently competing for Plymouth State.
Sam's old record was 8:56.61, which he set in 2014.
Aleksei was able to knock the .61 off of his time and finished the race in 8:56.00.
For more, see the Express on 5-30-18.
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: Myjoyonline.com
2017-08-14
The joint police and military anti galamsey taskforce have denied accusations
Eastern Regional Security Council (REGSEC) has postponed to Tuesday 15th August, 2017 a meeting to discuss the killing of four persons suspected to be illegal miners.
The postponement was as a result of the failure by the national anti galamsey taskforce to attend the security meeting as scheduled.
The joint police and military anti galamsey taskforce have denied accusations it is to blame for the deaths of four people whose bodies were found near a mining pit at Kwabeng in the Eastern region.
The dead bodies of the four were found near a mining pit at Akyem Akukuso Saturday night.
But Eastern Regional Minister Eric Kwakye Darfour in an interview with JoyNews' Favour Nunoo called on residents to exercise patience and allow for investigations into the matter.
“It didn't go very well. We were expecting the Vanguard team on the ground to have come for that meeting but they had indicated that they were waiting for their national anti-galamsey leader to be part of the meeting,” he explained.
He said it is important for the Vanguard team to be present in the meeting in order to have a balanced discussion and ascertain the truth of the allegations being made.
He said they have decided to reschedule the meeting to another time. He described the current situation in the region as “difficult.”
The Ministry scheduled to meet the members of the taskforce over reports of low morale in the wake of the accusations.
Meanwhile the police in Kwabeng have begun investigations into the matter.
District Police Commander John Yeboah tells correspondent Maxwell Kudekor contrary to the information circulating in the public domain, there were no gunshot wounds on the corpses.
[Deal Alert] Get the Moto Z2 Play for $350 ($150 off), G5 Plus for $200-240 ($20 off), and more from Motorola's site
"I decided that I too could talk about this [editing videos]," she said. "So I started making stories on my YouTube channel about how I work with it. I did't invent anything there, but I try to explain it as simply as possible. It's very exciting and I like it."
Image copyright Iwan Lewis / llanellionline.news Image caption The infestation has plagued residents in the New Dock area of Llanelli
A mysterious fly infestation has left residents of a Carmarthenshire town scratching their heads.
Llanelli has recently seen swarms of the insects descend on the town, much to the confusion of the county council.
One resident said on Twitter: "Okay... seriously... these flies need to do one now!!! Doing my head right in!!!"
Carmarthenshire council said it was working "around the clock" to try and establish the source of the flies and environmental officers are on the case.
Llanelli town councillor Sean Rees, of Glanymor ward, said he had received a number of messages from residents and "something needs to be done" about the problem.
Successful hosting of Caribbean women's qualifier Group E tainted by power outage – Lady Jags fail to get past first round for the first time in nine years
Following last year's successful hosting of the CONCACAF under-17 girls World Cup qualifiers group D, the ruling regional football body had no regrets in granting the Guyana Football Federation (GFF) another opportunity to host another group of qualifiers in 2018, this time, the just concluded Caribbean women's qualifier group E.
The qualifiers which featured Guyana's senior women's team, the ‘Lady Jags', were held at the National Track and Field Facility (NTFC) on the West Coast of Demerara from May 23rd to 27th and they were smoothly hosted by the GFF with the exception of an unfortunate generator failure which resulted in the floodlights shutting down before the final and decisive match on Sunday the 27th which the local side had to win against Barbados.
The power outage occurred just a few moments before Guyana's national anthem concluded and it is baffling to comprehend how in an international match such an embarrassing thing happened. A disappointing day for the management of the NTFC which hosted the National Schools' Track and Field Championships, South America Junior Championships (both for the first time) along with under-17 girls; World Cup qualifiers; all hiccup free last year.
After being delayed by almost an hour, both sides had to hastily get warm for kickoff which was blown shortly after the power issue was fixed. In the end the game was drawn 0-0 which resulted in the Jags finishing second in the group and not advancing from the first round of qualifiers for the first time since 2009.
It is also mind-boggling when trying to figure out why the Lady Jaguars, who looked the best team in the qualifiers, played the way they did in the final match. Was it the haste in getting ready after the final match or was it the pressure of knowing that they had to win the final game to advance?
Insanity has been described as doing something the same way repeatedly and expecting a different result; and the Guyanese who played a formation with three at the back, from the initial stages to the end of the match had bombarded Barbados with seemingly mindless, long, air-through balls which were safely negotiated by the Bajans.
Barbados, unable to qualify with only three points from two games, entered the final match of the qualifiers as the team with the second weakest defence after conceding three goals from their two previous games, while the Jags attack were the most potent, after netting a total of eight times but they were unable to find the back of the net after deviating from building up plays to the long-ball tactic.
“To me the biggest disappointment, the biggest reason for the loss was our inability to dot the ‘I' and cross the ‘T' in the final third. Sometimes the stage is big, and the lights are bright, and you don't get to deliver your biggest performance in those types of moments. I don't think we played our best game, and that's the biggest disappointment, but I think we need these experiences in order to be able to move forward,” head coach of the Lady Jags, Dr. Ivan Joseph explained to the media, following the draw against Barbados.
Guyana finished the group second with five points, while Bermuda topped with seven points to advance to the next round of qualification where they will be pitted with Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago, Antigua and Cuba, which will run from August 25th to September 2nd.
Enterprises across all verticals are migrating their applications to public cloud (IaaS) services and taking advantage of the great cost savings on compute hosting. But the cost benefits shouldn't affect security, scalability or customer experience. Enterprises require the same level of secure network access, control and visibility in the cloud as they do with on-premise networks. Cloud providers offer basic network functions like IPSEC VPN, BGP routing, NAT. It's a good enough solution to build a simple site-to-site VPN network with some routing, but enterprises could quickly face these challenges:
How can I build a hub spoke network with transit routing capability? How can I visualize my traffic across different locations? How can I select the best path for different applications if I have both Internet and AWS Direct Connect or Azure Express Route at the same time?
With the Cisco IWAN solution running on Cisco CSR1000v, a network admin can extend Cisco IWAN capabilities into a public cloud (AWS, Azure, Alibaba Cloud [coming soon]).
Read the entire article here, Cisco SD-WAN Networking Service for Public Clouds
via the fine folks at Cisco Systems.
Smart technology already dominates the world of phones, and may soon be taking over our wrists as well. No longer a mere novelty, smartwatches are becoming more common as the market for wearables continues to expand. On popular modern manufacturer is Pebble, which offers a variety of affordable models including the Pebble Time Round, which can now be had for as little as $90 on Amazon.
The Pebble Time Round is one of the lightest and slimmest smartwatches available today, and offers a more traditional look with its round case and quick-change leather strap. When in clock mode, the Pebble displays a normal watch face, but you also can download a variety of different digital and analog faces to suit your style. The splash-proof housing is made of stainless steel and features 2.5D Gorilla Glass for added durability, while the internal battery offers up to two days of use. The battery's quick-charge capability adds a day's worth of power with a short 15-minute charge.
More: Perfect your workouts with a swimproof Fitbit Flex 2, currently 21 percent off
Along with access to more than 15,000 downloadable apps, the Time Round comes equipped with fitness-focused features such as Smart Activity Tracker, Interactive Health Insights, Pebble Health, and Get Up & Go, which offer activity summaries, progress reports, custom coaching, and more to help you get the most out of your workouts. Automatic Sleep Tracking monitors your sleep cycles and gently wakes you up with a vibrating smart alarm. The Pebble Time Round also allows use of voice commands, and you can sync the watch to your smartphone for hands-free control over music playback.
The Pebble Time Round generally goes for around $130, but the attractive silver-and-red model is now just $90 on Amazon. The black-and-red model can also be had for just $10 more. If you're looking for an affordable smartwatch with a traditional and understated look, then the Pebble Time Round fits the bill without breaking the bank.
$90 on Amazon
Funeral arrangements for a stalwart councillor have been confirmed.
Flintshire Council member Ron Hampson, died last week at the age of 79 after a short battle with cancer.
Cllr Hampson was a Buckley town councillor for 27 years and a former town mayor.
He is survived by his wife Rita,
son Stephen, 47, and daughter Michelle, 42.
He will be laid to rest on Saturday at 11am in a service at Bistre Emmanuel Parish Church, a short distance from his home on Melbourne Road.
This will be followed by burial in the churchyard.
Only family flowers will be accepted, but donations can be made to Mold and Buckley Contact Club – an organisation supporting young people with learning difficulties.
Paying tribute, Mrs Hampson said her husband of almost 50 years had “battled for people” and himself in his final weeks.
She said Cllr Hampson had planned to spend five more years as a councillor after retaining his seat during the local elections in May.
“It came quicker than we expected. We thought he would pull through,” she said. “He was planning ahead and kept on with the council.
“Being a councillor was his pride
and joy.
“Ron wasn't one to complain and showed his bravery right until the end, I'm astonished how he got through it.
“It doesn't seem like it has happened and he was a very kind, caring man – the love of my life.”
Flintshire Council leader Cllr Aaron Shotton paid tribute to his Labour colleague and a “stalwart” of County Hall.
He said: “Ron was one of the most dedicated community leaders I have had the pleasure of serving with.
“He gave more than 25 years of service to his town at both district and county council level.
“He was passionate about social justice, specialising in housing issues.
“Ron was also a true stalwart of the Alyn and Deeside Labour Party, an irreplaceable campaigner who will be much missed by all his colleagues.”
WARNER ROBINS, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Police in Warner Robins are looking for clues to what happened in a home invasion turned homicide.
A neighbor says this is the first time anything like this has happened in their complex.
It happened in the Northlake Apartment Complex on North Lake Drive a little after 4:00 AM.
One neighbor says he saw a man standing outside the building as he was entering his own home but didn't think much of it.
Officers believe that man was Cartrell Brooks,24, who was armed with a hand gun.
He forced himself into the apartment of Malandon West, 26, and James Alderson, 26.
When he finally entered he was met with a gun shot. He was then taken to the hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Anyone with additional information is asked to come forward and contact Detective Trent Van Lannen at 478-302-5380 or Macon Regional Crimestoppers at 1-877-68CRIME.
Teachers went on a one-day strike in Puerto Rico Monday. Gaby Acevedo reports. (Published 41 minutes ago)
Teachers went on a one-day strike in Puerto Rico Monday. Gaby Acevedo reports. See More
An ISIS-inspired Bangladeshi national set off an homemade explosive device at the Port Authority Bus Terminal subway station Monday morning, law enforcement sources said.
The suspected bomber — a 27-year-old who lived in Brooklyn — had wires attached to him and was armed with a five-inch metal pipe bomb and battery pack as he walked through the Manhattan transit hub, sources said.
The man partially detonated the device, which he was carrying in the right side of his jacket, prematurely inside the passageway to the A, C, and E trains at 8th Avenue and W. 42ndStreet at around 7:40 a.m., sources said.
Police took the man into custody.
Former NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton told MSNBC's “Morning Joe” that the man was inspired by ISIS and originally from Bangladesh.
Update: Bill Bratton is on @MSNBC's #MorningJoe confirming that this was a terrorist attack in the name of ISIS near the Port Authority. https://t.co/v7r55XlYiy — Holly O'Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) December 11, 2017
There was at least one injury and the wounded was the suspect. The man, who was seriously injured, was taken to Bellevue Hospital.
Investigators briefly spoke to the man, who told them he made the explosive device at the electrical company where he works.
Emergency personnel flooded the scene following the incident.
Mayor de Blasio has been briefed on the incident.
Reuters Commuters exit the New York Port Authority on Monday.
The incident sent commuters into a frenzy.
“holy f–k. just was stuck in a running stampede at port authority bus terminal due to bomb scare. cops EVERYWHERE,” designer Chelsea LaSalle tweeted.
LaSalle followed up her tweet with another that read: “not a scare. actual explosion moments before i was about to get on the subway.”
not a scare. actual explosion moments before i was about to get on the subway — chels (@chelsea) December 11, 2017
Commuter Keith Woodfin tweeted: “I was exiting the Port Authority and the National Guard was running towards something shouting ‘Go, Go, Go.'”
All MTA trains were bypassing Port Authority-42 St. as police investigated the incident.
All New Jersey Transit buses were not stopping at Port Authority.
This first appeared on NYPost.com
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
After a quiet month for elections so far -- nothing on the primary calendar until May -- it's time for some specials.
The big one today is Arizona's 8th District. It's about as Republican as the Pennsylvania district Democrats won earlier this year, but a similar result isn't expected. FiveThirtyEight's Nathaniel Rakich has a good rundown of the race. Most people expect Democrat Hiral Tipirneni to do better than her party normally does there, but she's unlikely to come especially close to defeating Republican Debbie Lesko.
It's worth noting that not only is this a rare case of Republicans selecting a woman as their candidate in a competitive district, but it's the second time in a special during this cycle after Karen Handel held Georgia's 6th District last June. It's also worth noting that the winner will replace Trent Franks, who resigned amid allegations of sexual harassment.
The attention is going to be on Arizona because it's a U.S. House race and because Arizona will be a very important state in November, with a key Senate contest, a gubernatorial election and some competitive House races. Cook Political Report's Dave Wasserman looks at it in these terms:
What's a good showing for Hiral Tipirneni (D) in #AZ08 on Tuesday? Probably 43%-47%. Really anything above ~41% in #AZ08 (R+13 PVI) would be consistent w/ Dems on track to win the House or a statewide AZ race. — Dave Wasserman (@Redistrict) April 19, 2018
Yes, but. It's still not clear to me that special elections tell us anything we don't already know about the president's approval rating and from generic ballot polling. The best way to look at specials is in the aggregate, so at this point, we already have whatever information they contain. That said, of course it's correct that -- to the extent anyone does use specials to predict November -- it's important to adjust for a specific district.
Meanwhile, there are 11 -- count 'em, 11 -- legislative special elections today in New York: two in the state Senate, and nine in the Assembly. Democrats should hold both Senate seats; they're important in the continuing fight over party control of that body. That's important not just for U.S. House redistricting, but also because New York is a large state that has lagged behind some other Democratic states in adopting liberal legislation. As for the other New York specials? Well, new legislators aren't just partisan hacks. At least, some won't be. They will be the ones who file new bills or specialize in cutting the deals that get other legislators' bills over the finish line. Elections matter -- if they tip the partisan balance, and even when they don't.
1. Seth Masket isn't impressed with the way Colorado Republicans are choosing candidates.
2. Lauren M. MacLean, Jennifer N. Brass, Elizabeth Baldwin and Christopher Gore at the Monkey Cage on the political solution for Cape Town's water crisis.
3. My Bloomberg View colleague Timothy L. O'Brien on President Donald Trump's phony stories about his own wealth and why they matter now.
4. Jonathan Chait raises a point worth considering about women who are running for president.
5. Greg Sargent on Republican candidates who sound like Trump.
6. And Fred Kaplan is getting more worried about Trump and North Korea.
Get Early Returns every morning in your inbox. Click here to subscribe.
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.
NEW YORK (AP) With 2016 over and the NFL regular season as well, it's about time for the NBA to start showing up more often on more nights.
The new year will feature a new night of national TV games, one of the highlights of a busy January, when there are nearly half as many nationally televised games as in the previous two months combined.
TNT's new Monday night package debuts where last season ends, with the second NBA Finals rematch between Golden State and Cleveland on Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The Jan. 16 doubleheader concludes with Oklahoma City at the Los Angeles Clippers.
The second season of ABC's Saturday night prime-time coverage then returns at the end of that week with San Antonio visiting Cleveland.
There are 49 nationally televised games in January, including 17 NBA TV telecasts. There were 104 such games through Dec. 31.
—
Steve Clifford painted a bleak picture for Eastern Conference teams late last season when it came to competing with the Cavaliers.
”If they play well, it'll be difficult for anybody in the East to beat them four times,” the Charlotte coach said. ”Somebody can beat them once or twice maybe, but not four times in my opinion.”
He was right. Cleveland swept the first two rounds and then beat Toronto 4-2 in the Eastern Conference finals.
The Cavs enter the new year much sharper than they did in 2016, when they were sometimes wobbly under David Blatt and still hadn't figured out how to properly use Kevin Love. Now Love is thriving, averaging 22.2 points and nearly 11 rebounds, and the Cavs seems firmly in control of the conference.
But Clifford won't concede anything yet the way he seemed to do then, praising the Raptors as well – though Cleveland has handled them in all three meetings this season.
”Love is playing, I think, at a different level, more comfortable. They're going to him more, he's getting the ball in the post more, also,” Clifford said. ”But I mean, there are 50-something games to play, so health … is always a big part of it. But I mean they're playing at a really high level.”
—
THINGS TO WATCH THIS WEEK
MVP! MVP!: It's Russell Westbrook vs. James Harden on Thursday when Oklahoma City visits Houston. Winner pads what so far are the two leading MVP resumes.
BIG MAN BATTLE: Karl-Anthony Towns vs. Joel Embiid could be a big-man battle to watch for years, and Round 2 comes Tuesday in Philadelphia. Towns (25 points, 10 rebounds) and the Timberwolves rolled over Embiid (10 and 10) and the 76ers in November.
TERRIFIC THOMAS: Isaiah Thomas finished his dazzling December with a career-best, 52-point performance in a victory over Miami, and he opens January on Tuesday against the Utah Jazz, who went into the new year allowing a league-low 94.7 points per game.
END OF THE ROAD: Toronto wraps up a difficult six-game Western Conference trip on Tuesday at San Antonio. It's the third stop on the trip, joining Utah and Golden State, where the Raptors played a team that starts this week as a division leader.
HELP ON THE WAY?: Teams looking to fill roster spots have another option starting Thursday, when 10-day contracts can be signed.
—
STAT LINE OF THE WEEK: James Harden, Rockets: 53 points, 17 assists and 16 rebounds in a 129-122 victory over the New York Knicks on Saturday. In his second straight triple-double, Harden became the first player in NBA history to have at least 50 points, 15 assists and 15 rebounds in a single game, according to information provided by the Rockets from the Elias Sport Bureau.
Investigators are poking holes in Sherri Papini's abducted jogger story.
The Shasta County Sheriff's Office released new details about her disappearance on Wednesday — saying they found numerous inconsistencies in Papini's account.
First, authorities found that the California mom had male DNA on her clothes when she was picked up by cops, despite her claims that she was kidnapped by two women.
Then they discovered that an incident Papini told cops about — in which she fought back against one of her captors and cut her foot — apparently never happened.
“When she was being processed at the hospital … no evidence of a cut was seen in the photographs,” Sgt. Brian Jackson told the Record Searchlight newspaper in Redding, where Papini lives.
The 35-year-old went missing on Nov. 2, 2016, after going for a jog near her house. She was found 22 days later — battered and bruised — on the side of a road.
Police officials said Wednesday that the male DNA that was found on Papini was located on her clothes — and didn't belong to her husband, Keith Papini. Female DNA was also discovered on her body. It failed to show up on the FBI's criminal database.
Papini described her abductors as two Hispanic women, but apparently offered few details about their appearance.
Jackson said she told investigators she tried to avoid looking them in the face, for fear of retaliation. One was older with thick eyebrows, while the other appeared young and wore large hoop earrings.
Cops released sketches of the suspects for the first time Wednesday, which showed the women wearing bandannas around their faces. But nobody has been able to identify them.
“Once the sketches were finalized, detectives and investigators reviewed the sketches and compared the sketches with known witnesses or contacts identified during the investigation to see if the sketches matched any known parties,” Jackson said. “No matches were made with case file information.”
Officials also offered new details about the condition Papini was in when she was found. She reportedly had her hair cut to shoulder length and was branded on her right shoulder, though it's unclear what the symbol or word was.
In addition, the sheriff's office revealed Wednesday that Papini had been texting a “male acquaintance from Michigan” before the alleged kidnapping — in an attempt to meet up. The Detroit resident was supposed to be in town on a business trip, Jackson said.
Investigators insist, though, that he wasn't involved in her disappearance.
Authorities have received over 600 tips from people across the globe in connection with the case. The FBI reportedly will continue to aid the sheriff's office with their investigation.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP) — The International Olympic Committee says it has mistakenly invited a banned Russian athlete to the Pyeongchang Games as a coach.
The IOC says it has canceled the invitation for Sergei Chudinov, who was banned from the Olympics for life in November when the IOC's disciplinary commission ruled he was part of a Russian doping scheme at the 2014 Sochi Games.
Chudinov was fifth in the men's skeleton in Sochi and later became a coach for the Russian national skeleton team.
The IOC says "he has since been declared ineligible for an invitation."
Chudinov had been the only invited skeleton coach listed in Russian Olympic Committee records.
Russian athletes must compete under a neutral flag in Pyeongchang as part of the IOC's sanctions for doping.
Transfer news: The latest rumours from Man Utd, Chelsea, Arsenal and all the top teams
Goal.com
Arsenal and Tottenham are both in the running to sign Real Madrid midfielder Mateo Kovacic, according to Diario Gol. Neither club has yet made a bid for the Croatia international, who is also interesting Roma, AC Milan and former club Inter.
and more »
A Brooklyn bicyclist who was struck by a drunken unlicensed driver last month has died from her injuries, police said Friday.
Nancy Pease, 55, was on her bike stopped at the intersection of 39th Street in Borough Park in Brooklyn with three other cyclists when Abel Antonio Pina Morocho, 39, rammed them with his Dodge Caravan — knocking them “over like dominoes,” witnesses and authorities said.
Pease and the other cyclists had been waiting for the light to change. Morocho pulled up to the bike-riders around 9:15 a.m. Sept. 10, stopped briefly, then suddenly plowed through the group, authorities said. He also allegedly struck a parked minivan during his joyride.
At the time, Pease and the others were participating in the 28th Annual NYC Century Bike Tour organized by bicycle-advocacy group Transportation Alternatives.
“He just turned into the bikers and started knocking them over like dominoes. It was a horrible scene,” Justianna Kubersky, who was participating in the tour, told the Post at the time. “We were just out for a peaceful Sunday bike ride, and then it just went crazy.”
The driver then stopped and reversed his car, backing over Pease and pinning her underneath, said witness Hector Mercado, 43.
Pease and a second victim, Brandon Painter, 31, were taken to Maimonides Hospital. She succumbed to her injuries Sept. 22, police said Friday.
Morocho was arrested at the scene and charged with vehicular assault, driving without a license and driving while ability impaired.
The cost of school crossing guards will grow by about $580,000 over the next two years as the minimum wage rises to $15 an hour, a report to the upcoming Toronto Police Services Board shows.
Toronto Police employ 769 school crossing guards who earn hourly wages ranging from 11.90 to $14.44 -- depending on years of service.
Premier Kathleen Wynne is boosting the current minimum wage of $11.60 an hour to $14 on Jan. 1, and then to $15 on Jan. 1, 2019.
The police board estimates the increased cost of bringing school crossing guards up to the new minimum wage will be $230,900 in 2018 and $352,400 in 2019, says the report to Thursday's police services board meeting.
Mayor John Tory said he doesn't begrudge the crossing guards a pay boost given the important work they do protecting children.
“It's not as if they were paid an exorbitant amount of money before,” Tory said Sunday. “And it's not as if they even get that many hours ... They work in this split shift arrangement, in the morning and afternoons.”
However, any time another level of government, usually the province, makes changes that impose costs on municipalities, it can be very challenging, he said.
“They simply have not given us, over time, the flexibility with respect to how we raise money to pay for a lot of this stuff,” Tory said. “And it's very frustrating for me as a mayor and I'm sure for other mayors.”
For example, cannabis legalization brings a host of new responsibilities for cities, and provincial policies around funding shelters “substantially prejudices” Toronto, he said.
The only reason that the school crossing guard pay hike would even be an issue is because it comes on top of a lot of other financial obligations that the city must shoulder, he said.
The provincial government has sent funds for some priorities, including supportive housing, he said.
But the mayor noted he does receive a lot of mail from other levels of governments pleased to inform him of new mandated initiatives.
“And then there's no cheque in the envelope,” Tory said.
The City of Toronto budget committee has already considered the impact of minimum wage hikes on its bottom line -- about $2.3 million over the next two years for parks, forestry and recreation staff alone, and millions more for other labour law changes, including three-hour standby pay and paid emergency leave.
aartuso@postmedia.com
The game had been touted as preparation for Japan's Group H clash with Senegal, but it will likely give coach Akira Nishino cause for concern due to the nature of the goals conceded in his side's final match at home before its campaign starts on 20 June (AEST).
Japan remained on level terms for just nine minutes, as Tomoaki Makino was penalised on the edge of the area and Thomas Partey found the bottom-right corner with his free-kick – goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima failing to keep it out despite getting his hands to it.
Keisuke Honda went close to restoring parity just after the half-hour mark, but Richard Ofori blocked the effort with his leg.
Ghana took full advantage early in the second half – debutant Emmanuel Boateng slotting home a penalty after a mix-up between Kawashima and Makoto Hasebe resulted in the Levante attacker being brought down.
The Black Stars ultimately had little difficulty holding on, leaving Japan hoping to produce an improvement in its next World Cup warm-up games against Switzerland and Paraguay.
Image copyright Mickey Cooper Image caption Tyres and pallets have been burnt in the Creggan Country Burn area in recent days
Extra police resources are needed in the Creggan Burn Park area of Londonderry following anti-social behaviour, according to a politician.
Pallets and tyres have been burnt in the area in recent days.
Residents have also told BBC News NI that young people have been drinking alcohol and in their gardens late at night.
A PSNI spokesperson said they are aware of ongoing issues in the area.
Sinn Fein councillor Mickey Cooper said: "I have been contacted by a number of angry residents.
"They are at their wits ends following several incidents in the parkland over the last few days," Mr Cooper said.
"They have complained to me that there is simply not enough police resource's being directed into the area whilst groups of young people area gathering and setting fire to pallets, destroying the green space and causing a general nuisance.
"I fully understand that the police may be under pressure with resources but it's vital that they are about whilst incidents like this are taking place.
"Young people are also coming in from different parts of the city."
Mr Cooper has also called on local businesses to store pallets more securely. He said groups of young people are regularly seen in the area on the lookout for pallets.
'Urinated in my garden'
A man who lives near Creggan Burn Park told BBC News NI he finds young people in his garden on a regular basis.
"The good weather brings them out and they feel like they can do what they want," he added.
"I have found a number of glass bottles in my hedge and the smell of smoke from burning tyres is a disgrace.
"Three teenage boys have also urinated in my garden over the past few nights.
"Local police officers need to be in the area more. That's the only way they'll be caught."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Cameras Catch Istanbul Nightclub Gunman Entering Building 0:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
ISTANBUL — An American shot during the Istanbul nightclub rampage told NBC News he survived the ordeal by playing dead, remaining silent and motionless even after the gunman shot him.
Jake Raak is taken to hospital early Sunday. APTN
Jake Raak was one of around 60 people injured during a rampage in and around the Reina nightclub early on New Year's Day. Some 39 people were killed in the incident — most of them foreigners.
The 35-year-old from Greenville, Delaware, recalled that as gunman moved through the club spraying bullets, he targeted people who were lying on the floor.
"When he shot me I didn't move — I just let him shoot me," he said. "I was shot when I was already on the ground. He was shooting people that he had already shot."
ISIS claimed responsibility for the shooting on Monday, identifying the attacker as "a heroic soldier of the caliphate." It said the attack had been carried out "and in response to a call" from its leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, although it did not say whether it directed or merely inspired the perpetrator.
The gunman fired some 120 rounds during his rampage in and around the nightclub at about 1:30 a.m. on Sunday (5:30 p.m. ET Saturday), police told NBC News. The incident lasted less than 10 minutes.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Istanbul Nightclub Attack: Gunman Hunted After at Least 39 Killed 1:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Raak was shot in the hip and the bullet traveled to his knee. He added that he didn't move or make a sound even after he was hit, fearful that the gunman might realize he was alive.
"You just have to stay as calm as you can," he said. "I took a bullet."
Raak was with a group of nine people, he said, seven of whom were shot.
Raak said he came within inches of the shooter, who walked along a bench that he was lying underneath.
Jake Raak NBC News
"I saw him coming and he shot us all," he said. "Somebody said there were shots fired and I initially did not believe it until I saw the gunman and he started shooting up the whole place."
He added: "I was probably the luckiest person in the whole thing."
Authorities were Monday engaged in an international manhunt for the suspect, who fled the scene after the shooting.
A photo of the Istanbul nightclub shooting suspect released by Turkish police on Monday. Istanbul police
Police in Istanbul released Monday what they said was an image of the suspect taken from security footage.
"Efforts to find the terrorist are continuing," Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu told reporters Sunday. "God willing, he will be caught in a short period of time. This was a massacre, a truly inhuman savagery."
Twenty-eight of the dead were foreigners, Turkish Health Ministry officials said.
Canadian, Iraqi, Saudi, Indian, Lebanese, Tunisian, Kuwaiti and Syrian citizens are among the dead.
Rovio Entertainment has been keeping themselves quite busy. Hot off the heels of last month's release of Battle Bay, Rovio has delivered on their promise of a June release for their newest take on the Angry Birds franchise. It is titled Angry Birds Evolution, and this time around you are tasked with collecting over 100 different birds in order to evolve your favorites into the strongest pig crushing team around.
If you were expecting something exciting and new on the platform, well, I have some bad news for you. Angry Birds Evolution is a free-to-play gacha game through and through. That means you can expect all of the shady mechanics typically found in the vast majority of FTP Android games. Rest assured, you will be grinding away in order to unlock your next Angry Bird, just hoping for that one rare bird that still eludes you. Now add on top of that numerous evolution mechanics, and you will start to get the picture of what this release has been designed from the ground up to deliver. No, not a worthwhile gaming experience, but money. It is always money.
Now don't get me wrong, I am not against consumerism. I simply get tired seeing the same gameplay used over and over again in what is essentially the same game with a different skin. In all honesty, the gameplay you find in this type of release is completely inconsequential. There is no skill required. It all comes down to whoever has spent enough time grinding for the best team or has simply paid for easier advancement. To me, that is completely counter-intuitive to what kind of experience a game should offer. I want my gaming skills to matter in the games I play. I want to progress because I earned it with hard work and experience, not because I lazily put in the time or paid to make the game easier. Naturally, to prove my assumption correct, Rovio has included an auto-play button just so you don't have to do any of the work yourself.
But hey, I am sure you are tired of my criticisms. Let's jump into what makes Angry Birds Evolution a supposed game. In the simplest terms, the gameplay is a mix of the original Angry Birds flinging mechanic and Pokémon's collection aspect. To start, you play the game in a behind-the-back third-person perspective while flinging your team of birds one by one towards the pig enemies scattered around a small square arena. Obviously, the more upgraded and rare your team of birds are, the more destruction you can inflict on your pig opponents. In order to build this rare team of birds, you will spend a lot of time earning eggs, which you can then hatch into birds. Once hatched, you can either add these birds to your team or use them as sacrificial tools to upgrade your other team members. Now repeat this scenario ad nauseam, and you will get the complete picture of the gameplay.
Honestly, there is little on offer here that you have not seen plenty of times before. This conveniently means your standard FTP inclusion of advertisements and in-app purchases that range up to $99.99 per item are present. It is also worth noting that Google Play Games is supported, but only through its achievement system. If you want a cloud saving feature, you will have to use the provided Facebook sign-in.
In conclusion, I would say that Angry Birds Evolution is a bog standard gacha game with an Angry Birds skin. The gameplay can be fun at first, in a familiar but repetitive manner. But there is no doubt that a pay wall exists, and that most of the gameplay from then on out will be centered around paying for easier progression. If you find that you can ignore these type of issues, then I say have at it. Considering the fact that Angry Birds Evolution is a free release, I can't fault anyone for giving the game a shot.
OTTAWA — Health Canada wants to reduce the alcohol content and the size of the sugary, high-alcohol drinks like those sold under the FCKD UP and Four Loko brands.
Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor is launching consultations aimed at amending federal food and drug regulations to restrict the content of sweetened beverages whose alcohol content is between seven per cent and 12 per cent.
It's seeking feedback from the industry and all interested parties by May 3.
Health Canada will also convene a meeting with provincial and territorial governments in the coming weeks to discuss issues like advertising, marketing and labelling to reduce the risks caused by the products.
The move comes about three weeks after the death of Athena Gervais, a 14-year-old Quebec girl who reportedly consumed FCKD UP with an alcohol content of 11.9 per cent.
The Quebec government has already announced it will forbid the sale of the sweetened drinks in convenience and grocery stores.
.
Education and Diaspora Minister Naftali Bennett politely but firmly disagreed with a New York Times Op-Ed written by World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder, implying Israel bears responsibility for the assimilation of Jewish millennials in the US.
Speaking on Monday in Jerusalem at the Foreign Ministry-sponsored Sixth Global Forum for Combating Antisemitism, Bennett – just ahead of Lauder – said: “Ron, I read your piece in The New York Times – not a great piece.
I very much respect you, but I disagree. Assimilation in America in not a result of Israeli policies, assimilation is the result of prosperity in America, and it predates the Six Day War, it predates the intifada, and it is an ongoing trend that we have to fight back [against].”Furthermore, Bennett said, he disagreed with Lauder's placing Palestinian incitement and Israeli settlement construction in the same basket in his article, saying that there is no “moral equivalence between settlement building, what I call ‘building in our communities in our homeland,' and Palestinian incitement. It is not the same thing.”With that, Bennett added: “I will continue to deeply respect you, and we will continue to debate because that is what Israel is about.”Lauder, when he came to the podium to speak, said only that he and Bennett are working toward the same goals.In his op-ed headlined “Israel's Self-Inflicted Wounds,” Lauder wrote that “today I fear for the future of the nation I love,” and pointed out that there were two “grave threats” that “could endanger [Israel's] very existence.”The first, he said, is the “possible demise of the two-state solution. Palestinian incitement and intransigence are destructive. But so, too, are annexation plans, pushed by those on the right, and extensive Jewish settlement- building beyond the separation line.”The second threat to Israel's existence, he wrote, “is Israel's capitulation to religious extremists and the growing disaffection of the Jewish Diaspora.”He charged that many of the seven million non-Haredi Jews in the Diaspora “have come to feel, particularly over the last few years, that the nation that they have supported politically, financially and spiritually is turning its back on them. By submitting to the pressures exerted by a minority in Israel, the Jewish state is alienating a large segment of the Jewish people. The crisis is especially pronounced among the younger generation, which is predominantly secular,” he asserted.“An increasing number of Jewish millennials, particularly in the United States, are distancing themselves from Israel because its policies contradict their values.The results are unsurprising: assimilation, alienation and a severe erosion of the global Jewish community's affinity for the Jewish homeland.”Lauder was considered for many years to be a close friend of Netanyahu's, and served him from time to time as a diplomatic envoy, most famously to Syria in the late 1990s.The two had a falling out in 2011, however, when Lauder – who was then a co-owner of Channel 10 – did not step in to stop critical stories dealing with trips taken by Netanyahu and his family.Lauder reportedly has US President Donald Trump's ear on the Israeli-Palestinian issue, and was reported to have told the president a number of months ago that while the Palestinians are “desperate” for a deal, Israel is the problem.He met with PA President Mahmoud Abbas last year before the latter's meeting with Trump, a move that reportedly angered Netanyahu
Mora Knives are the standard for affordable “scandi grind” bushcraft knives. Founded in 1891, Mora has been renowned in its almost surgical capabilities for woodcarving, notching and food prep.
But from an American survival perspective, would you bring just a surgical tool to a drama where you might have to pry, hack, build a shelter, dig, hammer, process a pig, deer, or filet a fish?
The reality is, as with our tragic Samoa Tsunami, you won't necessarily know you are facing a disaster, until it's upon you...and what resources are on you, may be all you have to save yourself and loved ones.
A Garberg, stainless or the new Carbon, is both a comfortable daily work knife and adventure tool. The overall full tang length on both is 9”, blade length 4.3”, with a .13” blade width. Your Garberg has the option of a sturdy traditional leather sheath or Mora innovative plastic multi-mount sheath allowing attachment to backpacks, vehicles, boats and structures (via Molle System, Velcro or screws.) Both sheath systems are ambidextrous for our blessed lefties.
https://youtu.be/OS8r0xKT_lA
We need to build an apartment for Dave in the Library of Congress. Dave Canterbury is an American treasure that Mora Knives was very astute to connect with.
Dave is us. He comes from a working background, served in the military, believes in God, family, loyal friends and straight talking... and he is really truly smart. Dave knows more about early pioneers, trappers and Daniel Boone kinda guys than any history professor Cool Stuff slept through at UCLA.
The difference between Dave Canterbury and we Coolio mortals is that we need stuff to help us in our day-to-day living and particularly when we are in survival mode. We need fire-starting gear, we need a tent, we need water purifiers, we need a stainless steel cup or pot, we need air conditioning, ice cubes, generators, and we need informative text messages from government (like last month's text telling me a North Korean missile was inbound to nuke me and my precious family).
Dave really doesn't need anything... but he chooses the new carbon Mora Garberg as his one must have on his hip.
Why is Dave's preference the new Mora Garberg Carbon over the Sandvik 14C28N stainless steel version Cool Stuff has been testing?
Dave's view is that a Garberg Carbon lets you spark a fire from a greater variety of natural rocks around you. A stainless knife requires a more iron based rock to spark. A carbon Garberg will also sharpen up in the field a little easier and stay sharp a bit longer than the stainless.
Smart Coolios, for a limited time, can pre-order the Garberg Carbon and heaps of his proven rugged gear, from Dave Canterbury's Pathfinder Store for $99:
https://www.selfrelianceoutfitters.com/
Bottom line is Dave endorses both metallurgy Garberg's as they are the same knife design/dimension that operates well with a conventional, upside down or reverse grip. Wondering if Dave might tell we islanders that for our humid saltwater environment, the stainless steel Mora Garberg might be a better option?
Cool Stuff's solution... get both. The original stainless Garberg is immediately available direct from Mora's official distributor in a month or so, get the Garberg Carbon.
https://www.industrialrev.com/garberg-knife-multi-mount-sheath-m--12642
Life is simple. You know somebody is going to fix your car, hand you an airline buddy pass, or help you move with their pickup truck. When your Dave Canterbury influenced Garberg Carbon version arrives, just hand your buddy your stainless. That happy Coolio will be your bestest friend for life.
Or give it to your existing bestest friend — your Coolio wife or husband
Image caption Corey and Casper Platt-May were on a trip to a park in Coventry when they were hit on 22 February
A memorial service has been held to mark the deaths of two young brothers who were killed in a collision with a car on the way to a park.
Corey, six, and Casper Platt-May, two, were with their mother when they were hit in Coventry on 22 February.
Canon Katherine Fleming, from Coventry Cathedral, said the service on Monday was a chance for the entire city to grieve together.
The boys' parents said the service was a "thank you to the community".
Corey and Casper were also with a group of up to nine children being helped across Macdonald Road in the Stoke area of the city when they were struck.
They were taken to hospital with severe injuries but Casper could not be revived and died a short time later. Corey was rushed into surgery, but later died.
Image caption Floral tributes were laid in the Cathedral
Dozens of bikers also attended the service on Monday afternoon.
On its Twitter page ahead of the service, Coventry Cathedral said: "We are honoured to be providing a space for the family and friends this afternoon."
The service - entitled 'Casper and Corey - a Service of Love and Memory' - saw a family video played to the congregation which showed some of their most treasured memories of the boys.
Image caption Dozens of bikers went to the service on Monday afternoon
The boys' funeral is yet to take place.
Two people have been charged with causing death by dangerous driving. They have been remanded in custody to appear at Warwick Crown Court on Thursday.
A donation page set up to help the family cover funeral costs has amassed more than £26,000.
Welcome to the 2017 College Football Fan Index! This fall, we're partnering with Tagger Media to track social media activity among college football fans. Every week, we'll rank fan bases on how much they support their team on social media. For now, here's this week's Fan Index top 10:
1. Tennessee, “Rocky Top”
“Rocky Top” transcends the fight song genre. In fact, it isn't even Tennessee's official fight song. (That would be “Down the Field.”) But the beloved anthem, which was written by country music legends Felice and Boudleaux Bryant, is now closely associated with the Volunteers.
The Bryants, who also penned ” “Bye Bye, Love” and “Love Hurts,” wrote “Rocky Top” in the late 1960s. By the early 1970s, both the Osborne Brothers and Lynn Anderson had recorded versions of the song. Each cracked the top 40 on Billboard's country chart.
In 1972, Tennessee band director W.J. Julian had his Pride of the Southland Band play “Rocky Top” at halftime of a game against Alabama and the Neyland Stadium crowd loved it. After that, Tennessee's band began playing it regularly. After big victories, the Vols quarterback leads the band in the playing of “Rocky Top.” It's a tradition that began with Peyton Manning in 1997.
And now the rest of the top 10…
2. Notre Dame, “Victory March”
Conceived by brothers Michael J. Shea and John F. Shea—the former wrote the music and the latter wrote the lyrics—”Victory March” was first performed in public in 1908. More than a century later, it remains a classic fight song.
3. Michigan, “The Victors”
Louis Elbel, a Michigan music student, composed “The Victors” in 1898. The triumphant fight song was so good that famed conductor John Philip Sousa endorsed it.
4. Oklahoma, “Boomer Sooner”
“Boomer Sooner” is as catchy and memorable as any college fight song. But it owes a great debt to Yale's “Boola Boola,” from which it borrowed its easily recognizable tune.
5. USC, “Fight On”
Milo Sweet, a USC dental student, composed “Fight On,” which won a school spirit contest and became Southern Cal's fight song in the 1920s. Also great: USC's use of Fleetwood Mac's “Tusk” as its unofficial fight song.
6. Wisconsin, “On, Wisconsin!”
William T. Purdy actually originally conceived “On, Wisconsin!” as “Minnesota, Minnesota” and entered it in the U of M's competition to name a fight song. Then a Wisconsin alum persuaded him to change the lyrics to “On, Wisconsin!” The Badgers have been using it for more than 100 years.
7. Georgia Tech, “Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech”
One of the most raucous fight songs in college football, “Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech” debuted in 1908. Just take a look at this line: “…if I had a son, sir, I'll tell you what he'd do. He would yell, ‘To hell with georgia!' like his daddy used to do.”
8. Navy, “Anchors Aweigh”
Lt. Charles Zimmerman, the music director at the Naval Academy, and fellow midshipman Alfred H. Miles teamed up to create “Anchors Aweigh” in 1906. A 1945 movie musical starring Frank Sinatra shares its title.
9. Alabama, “Yea Alabama”
“Yea Alabama” was the winning entry in a student newspaper contest in 1926. Ethelred Lundy “Epp” Sykes, who composed the song, went on to become a decorated U.S Air Force Brigadier General.
10. Texas, “Texas Fight”
Colonel Walter S. Hunnicutt supposedly conceived “Texas Fight” in the early 20th century to fight back against Texas A&M, whose “songs and yells,” he later claimed, “were not too complimentary to our student body.”
Honorable Mentions:
Clemson, “Tiger Rag”; LSU, “Fight for LSU”; Ohio State, “Across the Field”; Penn State, “Fight On, State”; Texas A&M, “War Hymn”
Previous 10 best lists
Week 1: Best Mascots
Week 2: Best Uniforms
Week 3: Best Stadiums
Week 4: Best Pros
Week 5: Best Entrances
Hundreds of Palestinians held in Israeli jails have launched a hunger strike following a call from imprisoned leader Marwan Barghouti. The call came as numerous protests were organised around the world for the Palestinian Prisoners Day organised anually.
Pro-palestinian NGOs say the strike is mainly aimed at obtaining better living conditions for the prisonners.
Those on hunger strike have issued a list of demands, including access to phones, extended visiting rights and better medical service.
"This is not the first time that they launched a hunger strike, but this time they have different demands," explains Laith Abu Zeyad, an international advocacy officer at Addameer Prisoner Support Network. "First, to end the policy of administrative detention, to stop isolation and to allow more family visits."
Some 6500 Palestinians are currently detained by Israel. According to the Palestinian Authorities, at least 1300 prisonners are taking part in the hunger strike.
While hunger strikes by Palestinian prisoners occur regularly, it rarely happens on such a large scale.
What's different this time is that the call for strike was issued by Marwan Barghou. The 57-year-old is serving five life sentences over his role in the violent second Palestinian intifada.
He is a popular figure among Palestinians... and a rival of President Mahmoud Abbas.
"I believe the main goal of this hunger strike is linked to the internal Palestinian conflict for the leadership," says Abraham Diskin, an Israeli political scientist at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
However for Palestinians, the prisons have become a symbol of the Hebrew state's occupation.
"[By jailing Palestinians] Israel is controlling the political life in Palestine," says Laith Abu Zeyad. "It's also a tool of oppression on people and political life. They keep arresting political leaders, including Palestinian council member and children. This, of course, is destructive for the Palestinian society."
Israel says it must be vigilant to prevent fresh eruptions of violence, particularly following a wave of attacks that erupted in October 2015. The violence has since then receded but fresh protests could prove a cause of worry for the auhorities.
"We already had some demonstrations of support in several cities not far from Jerusalem. I know that there were riots... not too violent, but the police tried to stop all that," explains Abraham Diskin. "We don't know how it's going to develop."
WARNER ROBINS, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – You can meet officers with the Warner Robins Police Department during the Night of Blue Lights event.
It's set for Thursday, May 31st in the parking lot of McConnell-Talbert Stadium.
- Advertisement -
Officials say this is an opportunity to meet and greet officers and to check out the different vehicles that the department uses.
If you're looking to work in Law Enforcement, you're encouraged to attend the event as well.
The event is from 6 PM to 8 PM.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 26-8-2 23-11-2 15-7-2 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 25-7-5 20-10-4 15-5-2 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 25-8-2 18-14-5 13-6-3 Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 25-9-2 16-15-5 13-7-3 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 26-8-1 15-18-4 15-6-1 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 24-11-2 16-17-3 13-10-3 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 18-13-6 19-12-5 11-7-5 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 18-14-3 19-13-5 12-9-1 Florida 69 35 27 7 77 210 216 22-11-3 13-16-4 12-6-2 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 16-14-6 15-16-5 9-10-5 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 20-13-4 12-19-4 9-8-3 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 16-14-4 14-18-6 10-12-2 Montreal 72 26 34 12 64 182 230 17-11-8 9-23-4 10-8-5 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 15-14-6 11-20-5 8-11-4 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 13-14-8 13-21-3 6-13-4 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 11-21-5 12-16-7 10-8-3 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 25-7-4 23-7-6 17-4-2 Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 25-9-2 21-12-3 17-3-2 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 26-7-2 17-12-8 13-8-2 Minnesota 72 41 24 7 89 224 206 24-6-6 17-18-1 11-11-0 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 21-11-3 19-12-6 19-4-3 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 25-9-2 14-16-6 10-10-3 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 22-10-5 15-14-7 11-6-7 Los Angeles 72 39 27 6 84 207 181 19-14-3 20-13-3 11-10-4 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 24-10-3 14-17-5 11-13-0 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 21-15-0 18-13-5 10-10-3 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 15-17-4 20-11-6 10-9-3 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 17-15-4 13-19-5 7-10-3 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 16-17-3 15-19-2 13-9-1 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 12-18-6 13-20-3 6-16-1 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228 14-20-4 9-17-7 7-10-6
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
‘The Wiz Live' is a step in the right direction After last year's “Peter Pan Live” crashed and burned, NBC changed course for its broadcast of “The Wiz Live”: Bring on the stars! Gone were the Allison Williamses and Christopher...
Witch 'em luck: NBC hopes to avoid critical pan for 'Wiz Live!' The hyperbole is flying on the set of “The Wiz Live!” at Grumman Studios in Bethpage, where the backstage personnel and the cast have come to talk to the press....
10 facts about Amber Riley When the cast for Season 17 of “Dancing With the Stars” was first announced, Amber Riley was almost immediately thrown into the underdog pile. Going up against Corbin Bleu of...
LIFE SHOULD NOT BE TAKEN FOR GRANTED
In Guyana, many take life for granted. Lest we forget, life is precious. It is the most prized gift from the Creator to mankind. But in the midst of all the death around us in Guyana—murders, traffic fatalities and suicides, there is an abundance of life.
As a people, we should join with all those who have lost loved ones to express joy and renewed hope and celebrate life. For many, life is good, but for others, especially the poor and the disadvantaged, life is a challenge, but it should not be taken for granted.
It is said that life is eternal and death is inevitable.The milestones and occasions that mark every life are cause for celebration, whether they are engagements, marriages, anniversaries, the birth of a child, or a long life well-lived. Most of us mark these occasions as a commemoration to the celebration of life.
We in Guyana, like many others in the world, have many problems. In 2017, we must strive to overcome these problems and work towards building a better and prosperous Guyana for all to enjoy. However, there is much excitement in celebrating life and there is absolutely no reason we cannot do so every day, even if life is a gift that is fleeting. We do not need a special reason, a special day or a party to celebrate life.
Life is a party in itself and the fact that we have so much to live for is reason enough to celebrate.
We celebrate sports; we celebrate the victories of our athletes and others on the world stage for their athleticism. In addition to sports, many have celebrated political victories and the country's 50th independence anniversary with pomp and ceremony.
We ushered in the New Year with celebrations and with a bounty of new babies. Each new child brings new hope and is a symbol of the dreams and aspirations of their parents and all in society. We hope that as these babies grow up with the love of their families and friends, their lives will be celebrated. Which suggests that the celebration of life does not have to be something luxurious or expensive. It could be small treats, the sharing of gifts and the acknowledgement of how far we have come as a country and how strong and special we are as a people.
In this era where mindlessness and ruthlessness seem to characterize so many youths who are frustrated and hopeless, we need to express our love and appreciation to our relatives and friends every day and not once a year. In the celebration of life, everyone should endeavor to become better individuals, better families, and better communities and ultimately a better country.
We will do well to reflect on Pope Francis' New Year Message which is an exquisitely simple dictum that says, “The New Year will be good in the measure in which each of us, with the help of God; try to do good day by day. That's how peace is created. Let's celebrate life.”
While it is generally recognized that life has many hardships both physically and materially for many, it may be that the self-discipline fostered by these hardships would bring lavish benefits to the country which we should celebrate.
No one can regenerate time and we do not know how many birthdays or wedding anniversaries we will live to celebrate, therefore, we should absolutely celebrate life today and not wait for tomorrow.
With so many uncertainties in life, we should celebrate everything we are and everything we have with mind, body and soul. Life should not be taken for granted.
Barcelona boss Ernesto Valverde felt Sunday's 2-0 win at Villarreal could prove vital to their LaLiga title hopes.
The Catalans went into the game at the Estadio de la Ceramica on the back of consecutive draws in the top flight and having seen Valencia, Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid all claim three points this weekend.
Sixth-place Villarreal proved to be stubborn opponents but Barça eventually wore them down after Raba's red card in the second half, with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi getting the goals to restore the visitors' five-point lead at the top.
And Valverde believes it was a very important time to return to winning ways, with games against Deportivo La Coruna and Real Madrid to come before the end of the year.
"It was a crucial and difficult game," he said, as quoted by Mundo Deportivo. "We had to face a great team on a pitch where it's difficult to get points.
"They gave us a tough game, with problems in circulating the ball and danger on the counter-attack.
21 - Barcelona have gone 21 games without a defeat in La Liga (W18 D3), the longest current run of any team in the competition. Unstoppable. pic.twitter.com/03nvOr0MAV — OptaJose (@OptaJose) December 10, 2017
"We've kept up the winning run. We knew our rivals had won but we're always relying on ourselves. Regardless of rivals having won, before a game, you have to win. You prepare to win and that's that.
"If your rivals win, you have more pressure and you deal with that. After drawing at home [against Celta Vigo], we wanted to refocus with a victory."
Valverde praised the impact of full-back Jordi Alba, who was once a more dangerous attacking outlet for Barça and linked superbly with Messi throughout.
"Alba is one of our weapons," he said. "Villarreal close down a lot and they stopped the advance of our full-backs.
"In the second half, the runs of Jordi Alba were key. He has a really good understanding with Messi and these connections always appear. It's insurance for the team."
Raba received a straight red card for a lunge on Sergio Busquets near the Barça penalty area, a decision that was argued against furiously by the Villarreal players, but Valverde understood why he was sent off.
"I haven't seen it on TV. I have a feeling that the one who protested the least was the player himself," he said.
"It's a hard tackle and the referee saw it that way."
Rhodium's Consonery Says China Wants to Avoid Trade War With U.S.
Nicholas Consonery, Rhodium Group director of China macroeconomic and policy research practice, discusses the mixed messages the U.S. is giving China on trade. He speaks with Scarlet Fu, Julia Chatterley and Joe Weisenthal on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg)
By Kathryn Kelman/editor-in-chief
He's getting ready to leave for duty when a stream of sirens fills his ears. He goes out to his car and turns his radio on when he hears a call about a fire in the World Trade Center. Unknown to the Brooklyn native at the time, the first plane has hit the towers.
As sirens continue to flash and roar in the background, he turns off the car and heads back inside to finish getting ready, not thinking too much of it because it was normal to call for backup from other boroughs in New York City for large fires. But once inside, he turns on his television to try to see more of what is going on.
Ceferino Cruz was an NYPD officer in Brooklyn. It was Sept. 11, 2001.
“When I put the TV on, I see the tower on fire,” he said.
As he's watching the scene unfold, the anchors break the news that another plane has hit the towers.
“I said, ‘Wow, something's happening. This is really, really bad,'” Cruz said.
On that particular day, Cruz, normally with the 70th precinct, was assigned to the 68th for election duty because New York had a primary election on that day, he said.
After learning of the attack, Cruz called the desk officer and was told to head to the precinct and wait for further instructions.
Ground zero was a 20-minute subway ride away.
“Basically, that day we were just staging, because the city of New York, the police department had never experienced an event of this magnitude,” he said. “So, they were kind of caught off guard with the mobilization process.”
By 11 a.m., the towers had fallen. It was utter chaos, Cruz said.
From the precinct, Cruz could see lower Manhattan.
“You could just see a plume of smoke just coming up,” he said. “I was listening to my police radio and the traffic, and there was a lot of confusion.”
Cruz recalls being shocked by the overwhelming sadness of the people and the reports of people being scalded by the jet fuel that was coming down.
“The pictures of that day are still very vivid in my mind,” he said. “People caked with the white dust, and they were rushing.”
Cruz remained in Brooklyn that day. He wasn't assigned to Ground Zero until Sept. 13. By that time, there was still chaos, he said.
“It was like an atomic bomb hit the lower downtown area,” he said. “There were police vehicles that were burned up, firefighter vehicles that were completely melted, shards of glass everywhere, lightposts bent by the force, and then you saw a huge hole and the pile of debris.”
He was assigned to the crime scene detail because they were still in rescue mode, sifting through the debris to find people that were buried.
“Along with the federal and state agencies, we were also protecting the perimeter because it was an ongoing investigation,” he said. “So, we kept the civilians out because we were looking for anything that could give us an indication of what sort of bombing material was used.”
For the next eight months, Cruz spent the majority of his time on duty sifting through the debris, identifying body parts among other things.
“We were doing 12-hour tours, just classifying whatever evidence came through,” he said.
Having been a police officer for seven years, Cruz knew what the smell of death was, but the smell from the debris was unforgettable.
Cruz was also briefly assigned to the mayor's office to give back property to the families of victims that had already been identified. On his first day there, he had to give property to a fallen officer's wife, he said.
“It was a tearful moment that I had to give this widowed wife a wallet with his pictures and jewelry and rings that we found. I had to give it back to her,” he said. “It was just sad. I felt like there was no way I could comfort her, but I thought that by maybe giving her this, she could walk down the road of closure.”
Cruz went to the mayor's office to give back property four more times, but it was incredibly difficult so he asked the sergeant in charge to remove him, he said.
One thing Cruz hopes people remember after the attacks on 9/11 is the bravery and courage of first responders, how they faced the difficulties of trying to help people in stressful situations and their selflessness, he said.
“Most police officers and firefighters and even EMT, they wouldn't want the term hero,” he said. “It's a profession that they love, and they want to be remembered as doing their best while they fell in the line of duty.”
Cruz retired from the NYPD after 20 years of service before moving to North Texas when his three sons were getting ready to head off to college.
Working on TCC's NE Campus is very different from working the streets in New York, he said.
“It's night and day,” he said.
But Cruz likes the slower pace and lighter workload now that he's older, he said.
Sixteen years following 9/11 and no longer living in New York, Cruz still takes time with his family and other NYPD officers in the DFW area on the day to remember the attacks and the innocent lives that were lost.
To this day, Cruz still struggles with the emotional trauma that day left him with. He has not visited the 9/11 memorial yet, but he thinks he'll return to Ground Zero soon to pay his respects.
“Some years are difficult, but I have a CD that has images ‘cause our motto is ‘Never forget,'” he said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Some of the content was deemed to have been aimed at children
An online promotion from Cadbury's and the National Trust for Scotland breached new rules on marketing junk food products to children.
Last year, the Advertising Standards Authority brought online promotions for products high in sugar, fat or salt into line with broadcast media rules.
The ASA has now said Cadbury's and the trust breached the new code.
It ruled that a downloadable storybook and activity pack on an Easter-themed website were aimed at children.
The watchdog said that the website itself, on which the downloadable content featured at the end of March, did not breach the rules as it was "directed at adults through its presentation and content".
It said the website was primarily focused on providing information about the Cadbury-sponsored Easter Egg Hunts at National Trust for Scotland properties.
Purple egg
The ASA said the downloadable content was also accessed "predominantly" by adults but the storybook and activity pack "were specifically created as content for children under 16 years of age".
It said the storybook, entitled "The Tale of the Great Easter Bunny", featured an image on its cover of the Easter bunny wearing a purple waistcoat and holding a purple egg.
The activity pack, entitled "Eggciting activities", featured an image of a rabbit holding a Cadbury-branded purple egg on its first page, with smaller Cadbury-branded purple chocolate eggs and Easter bunnies alongside.
The watchdog said the ads must not appear again in the form complained about.
Cadbury, which is owned by Mondelez UK, said that all their promotional campaigns were targeted at parents and adults rather than children.
The National Trust for Scotland highlighted that while the website related to their joint promotion with Cadbury, the downloadable content did not contain reference to their name, logo or events.
Qatar Investment Authority, the sovereign fund pursuing asset disposals globally, is seeking to raise $665 million selling its holdings in Hong Kong retailer Lifestyle International Holdings Ltd. and its China affiliate.
QIA is offering 371.1 million Lifestyle International shares, or a 23 percent stake in the company, at a fixed price of HK$12 apiece, according to terms for the deal obtained by Bloomberg. The offer price represents a 3.8 percent discount to Lifestyle International's last close, the terms show.
The sovereign fund first invested in Lifestyle International, which runs Sogo department stores, in 2014. QIA has already been reducing its direct holdings in Credit Suisse Group AG and Tiffany & Co. It's considering selling more assets and channeling the proceeds back into its domestic market, people with knowledge of the matter said in October.
QIA is concurrently offering 371.1 million shares of Lifestyle China Group Ltd. at HK$2.03 each, according to the terms. The offer price represents a 4.7 percent discount to the company's last close.
Thomas Lau, the controlling shareholder of both companies, has committed to purchase 280 million Lifestyle International shares and 186 million Lifestyle China shares, the terms show. The remainder will be offered to third-party investors, with Lau agreeing to buy any unsold stock. UBS is sole bookrunner for the offerings.
Shares of Lifestyle International and Lifestyle China were halted from trading in Hong Kong on Tuesday. No reasons were immediately given.
Most Americans agree: Traveling by air is no longer very enjoyable. Between the long lines in security and shrinking legroom on flights, 92% of travelers agree that today's air-travel experience “leaves a lot to be desired,” a new study from travel website Airfarewatchdog.com found.
But some parts of the journey are more dreaded than others, the survey of 4,000 people found. For 28% of travelers, researching and booking travel is the most stressful portion of the journey, and nearly half of people (48.5%) said the most stressful part was the pre-boarding process, including checking in and getting through security.
Besides checking in, other travelers have anxiety about their seatmates, the study found. The biggest worries were sitting next to someone who is coughing (39.3%), has an unpleasant body odor (28%) or is overweight (13.6%). These problems are so invasive that 40% of respondents say they would pay extra to have an entire row on the plane to themselves.
The process is speeding up. British Airways, said George Hobica, president of Airfarewatchdog, said with new technology. JetBlue JBLU, +1.34% and Delta Air Lines DAL, +0.08% all recently introduced biometric measures for checking in, and airlines say soon people will be able to get from check-in to gate without taking out a phone or wallet.
“This is the future,” Hobica said. “Combined with the spread of TSA Precheck to international flights, these procedures will definitely make going from the terminal door to the airplane door much faster, more pleasant, and probably more secure.”
Others aren't so convinced it's the answer to travel woes: Brian Sumers, airline industry expert for travel industry news site Skift, said the technology would save just a few seconds in its current state, and that it has a long way to go before it adds any significant speed to the process.
What's more, George Avetisov, chief executive officer of biometric security company HYPR, said he worries the process will open travelers to more potential hacking. “People think it's a security benefit, but that is not really true because it opens up new security risks,” he said. “I would give it some time.”
Airlines have been in the spotlight in recent months for negative reasons after a video of a man being dragged from a full United Airlines flight so crew members could board went viral. Now, 80% of people say overbooking airlines should be illegal, the Airfare watchdog study found.
NEW YORK — Blake Francis scored 19 points, got seven steals and dished out five assists Sunday to help propel Wagner to its sixth-straight win with a 75-41 victory over Division II program Mercy College.
JoJo Cooper added 18 points and Elijah Davis and Jamar Brown had 10 apiece for Wagner (7-1), which controlled the glass 52-39 and forced 19 turnovers. Devin Liggeons grabbed 10 of those 52 rebounds.
Wagner took control with a 19-2 run stretching across both sides of the break to make it 43-20 with under 14 minutes left in the game. Chase Freeman kicked off the breakaway run with a 3-point play.
Mercy scored the game's first four points and still clung to the lead midway through the opening half before Wagner took it away with a layup from Francis that made it 11-10 with under nine minutes to go until the break.
Dequawne Richards led Mercy with 12 points and six rebounds.
CBSE NEET answer key 2017 was released today, June 15. The candidates can refer to the answer key at the official website: cbseneet.nic.in
The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) had successfully conducted the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) 2017 exam on May 7 for which about 11,38,890 candidates appeared at 1921 centres across 103 cities. The Board has now released the official answer key for the same at the official site.
Candidates can cross-check their answers with the help of the official answer key which has been provided by CBSE.
Here are the steps to check CBSE NEET Answer Key 2017:
Tonight's episode of How to Get Away With Murder is in flashback format, as per usual. However, it's one big therapy session between Annalise and her counselor. The episode opens with the reminder that Annalise is living in a hotel, which doesn't bother her, and she tells her counselor that she took her first case last week since being back.
Now we flash back to Annalise taking the case. The case is that of Jasmine, one of the women Annalise met when she was locked up. Jasmine is shocked that Annalise would take her case on, and pro bono at that. Jasmine is a career prostitute and drug addict convicted who was possibly wrongfully convicted on an illegal firearm charge. This woman has a lengthy record and other charges to contend with, winning won't be easy.
Meanwhile, Annalise's kids are busy trying to figure out their next career moves. They're interviewing for respective internships and having an awkward time with interviewers who are less interested in them as candidates and more interested what it was like working for Annalise, the notorious. Later on, Michaela and Asher get call backs to their firm of choice while Connor and Laurel have no luck.
Bonnie is moving on with her life away from Annalise. She works at the DA's office now and she's bitter af that Annalise let her go. That comes into play a little later, but hold that thought.
Jasmine's case isn't looking good at first. There's body camera footage of her soliciting the arresting officer for sex. Then it comes out that Jasmine was pimped out to a crew of savages by her father, at 13-year-old, for some drugs. Basically, this is a nod to broken people getting sucked into a broken system that discards them instead of actually reforming them.
Annalise realizes that her client is a sex trafficking victim and reaches out to Bonnie for help because needs Jasmine's sealed files from when she was a minor, from the DA's office. Bonnie gets real stank and refuses, but Frank's stalker behind slides in with the goods. He's still trying to get back in Annalise's good graces so he shows up to her hotel room with the info, and even though she's not thrilled to see him she takes the files. Frank leaves without incident, but tells her that he's always there when she needs him.
Annalise's counselor is trying to get her to see that this case is close to her heart she she was also a victim of child sex abuse. Annalise denise this, but c'mon son, we know what it is. Anyway, Annalise digs deep in court. She found disparities in how Jasmine's case was handled as a child. Basically Jasmine was the judge's only black client and while the judge didn't send her to jail and sealed her record out of courtesy, he didn't make sure she was released to a safe environment. However, he made sure that his white clients were protected. This method of defense is unorthodox because Annalise is gonna Annalise, but she did a good job of making the court see that Jasmine was treated as a criminal instead of a victim and set up for failure.
As a result, the judge orders Jasmine's previous records to be sealed and allows her to get out of jail and be eligible for assistance. As long as Jasmine stays out of court she can live her life and apply for work without worrying about a prior conviction. Annalise is there when a grateful Jasmine gets out of jail and even sends her off with money. However, she reveals to her counselor that she thinks Jasmine will be reaching out to her soon, saying that she's back on the streets and back on drugs. Hopefully not.
Annalise claims she's done adopting people because she ruins lives, but this wouldn't be a bad passion project…from a distance. Just wire Jasmine some dough here and there and send some people to keep her lifted and out of trouble.
The episode winds down with news that Michaela got an offer from Kaplan and Gold (the firm she and Asher wanted), but Asher didn't. Laurel urges her to take the job because it's the firm that represents her father and then she drops the bomb. She reveals that her father killed Wes. Michaela is rightfully stunned.
Two months later, we're at the hospital with Laurel freaking over her missing baby after regaining consciousness. Annalise's counselor is at the hospital witnessing this. He calls Annalise, who doesn't pick up, and leaves her a message wondering where she is but also informing her that Laurel is awake.
Then we cut to Bonnie on the bloody scene of a crime. It looks like someone was dragged out of an elevator. We don't know who it is, but in next week's preview Annalise is going to be called to identify the body. Lordt.
Here we go again.
RELATED POSTS
‘HTGAWM' Recap: Laurel's Dad Might Have More Tricks Than Annalise
‘HTGAWM' Season Finale Recap: Laurel's Dad Might Be The Biggest Gangsta That We've Seen Thus Far
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
ST. LOUIS — Life is always a work in progress. Right now Matt Harvey's ego is bruised.
You could see it in the way he walked out to join his teammates for pregame stretches Tuesday night at Busch Stadium. He was there but he really wasn't.
For Harvey to get back to the starting rotation — the Mets' rotation or anyone else's — he needs to prove one thing: He can be aggressive and throw strikes.
First he has to accept his new bullpen role.
Be where your feet are. Enjoy the journey. That is so much easier said than done for all of us. No one likes to be demoted and, let's face it, that's what has happened to Harvey. He has been taken out of the starting rotation by Mickey Callaway and pitching coach Dave Eiland and has been tossed into the bullpen.
But he has not been tossed aside. Not yet.
The Dark Knight and his 6.00 ERA can rise again in a different way, but he must want to rise. He must first want to accept the new challenge and we shall see how that goes as Harvey was in the bullpen Tuesday with the chance to appear in a game as a reliever after 104 starts in 105 appearances. Zack Wheeler was the starter versus the Cardinals and Luke Weaver.
Get with the program, Matt.
If he is salvageable he's salvageable. Figure it out like Seth Lugo and Robert Gsellman figured it out in the bullpen, like Wheeler did in Las Vegas. Be aggressive, throw strikes.
You've entered the NCA zone. No Coddling Allowed. Harvey can't talk his way back into the rotation like he talked his way back out on the mound in Game 5 of the World Series with Terry Collins.
There is a new sheriff in town and Harvey has to abide by the same rules as everyone else.
“Nobody wants to come out of the starting rotation,'' Callaway said before the game. “It's a tough thing to accept as a player, but he accepted it and he's going to get the job done. You're going to see Matt Harvey start again, so he is probably going to do well.''
Callaway said Harvey received the same message that Lugo and Gsellman got when they went to the bullpen.
“Very similar,'' he began. “Go out there and attack hitters with your best stuff. Those guys really embraced it and are doing a good job. Both of those guys have realized what a difference in routine it is. Probably Lugo to more of an extent than Gsellman.
“When you talk to Gsellman he's more of a reliever anyway, and Lugo is going to go dig into the information and stuff,'' Callaway said. “So it's going to take some time. You still see Lugo come in and maybe walk the leadoff batter, but once he settles in he has great, electric stuff coming out of the pen. We'll see how Matt Harvey does with it.''
Yes we will.
“I think everybody should know we are not just going to hand out starting jobs because you are a starter,'' Callaway said. “You have to go out and get the job done, and I don't think there is anything wrong with having that pressure on you because there's going to come a time where, if we do something special and get where we want to get, the pressure is going to be really bad. If you can't handle making starts because there are other people that can start, how are you going to pitch in the playoffs and win us a game?''
Strong words indeed. True words.
“It makes you a better player and it makes you a better person in the long run,'' Callaway said.
There you have it. Cards are on the table. As Eiland noted, “We are here to win ballgames. This may be the best thing for Matt.''
It is what it is. It is about performance now, not past history or future free agency.
Matt Harvey needs to be where his feet are from this day forward.
Image copyright Powys council Image caption Presteigne Cemetery only has enough burial space for the next seven years
Extra land has been bought to provide burial spaces in a Powys town for the next 100 years.
Powys council bought land next to Presteigne Cemetery for £47,000 and it will now draw up plans to develop it to expand the existing site.
The current cemetery only has enough burial spaces for another seven years.
The expansion will cost £120,000 but the council said it would cut demand on other nearby council cemeteries.
Presteigne and Norton Town Council, which previously owned the land, already had planning permission to develop it as a cemetery.
But the work will now be taken on by Powys council.
Grand jury reports explore
voter security, BART crime
Do you worry about the security of your ballot in the coming June Primary? Are you concerned about crime on BART?
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
Related Articles Letter: 3 trustees heroic to oppose Delta tunnels even under pressure from Jerry Brown, SoCal water agencies
Letter: This measure will split the city, creating two Santa Claras
Letter: Why can't a candidate for governor fix DMV's biggest problem?
Letter: Young people taking action on climate change, AB 3232 is inspiring
Letter: Regional Measure 3 a phony congestion proposal You can learn about these and other issues by reading the reports recently issued by the 2017-18 Grand Jury. Go to www.cc-courts.org/grandjury. Then click on Grand Jury Reports, then select “Voting Security” or “BART Crime and Transparency.”
Happy reading.
Marianne Jameson
Danville
Submit your letter to the editor via this form
Read more Letters to the Editor
Preacher's path to murder trial started on dark web and Ashley Madison A preacher who was an avid user of adultery site Ashley Madison attempted to hire a hitman to make his wife's death appear to be an accident, according to prosecutors....
My husband has Alzheimer's and I cheated on him Is infidelity always morally wrong? For one wife in Kentucky, having an affair after her husband of more than two decades was stricken with Alzheimer's disease was the right choice....
Hubby whose cheating wasn't 'shocking' wins bigger cut of Park Ave. pad A former Ernst & Young partner who spent a year in jail for leaking insider information to his AshleyMadison.com mistress just won a larger share of the Park Avenue pad...
The sneaky way men chat with mistresses in front of their wives The time when cheating men are most likely to be chatting to their mistresses has been revealed — and its not good news if your husband uses Facebook at night....
Ashley Madison owner to pay $11.2M settlement over data breach The owner of the Ashley Madison adultery website said on Friday it will pay $11.2 million to settle U.S. litigation brought on behalf of roughly 37 million users whose personal...
Ashley Madison is back — and claims surprising user numbers Ashley Madison is back — and this time it's dumping a new kind of data. Not only is the disgraced hookup site for cheating spouses mounting a comeback, it's claiming...
Kristen Taekman is a self-proclaimed relationship role model Her husband of 11 years, Josh, was revealed to have an account with extramarital-affair Web site Ashley Madison.
Ashley Madison reaches $1.7M settlement over cyber-hack Cheating spouse website Ashley Madison has reached a $17.5 million settlement with 13 states that will see New York getting a mere $81,000, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman announced Wednesday. Under...
"The tower is about 20 times worse than what people see on TV," one survivor told BuzzFeed News.
Officials say they are planning to cover the remains of Grenfell Tower with a screen decorated by schoolchildren's artwork. In an interview with the Sunday Times, Michael Lockwood, the site and remediation manager of the block in west London, said that local primary school pupils have been asked to create images that may “help them look up and smile”. Lockwood, who is also the chief executive of Harrow council, was drafted in by the government to help with the recovery operation. Last week he told a public resident meeting that it would take 18 weeks for the tower to be covered.
"We considered if this might look like the tragedy is being hidden, but people said 'We want it covered because it's so distressing.' It's what the community wants," he said. "Many of them said it was upsetting looking up at the tower when they have lost friends in the fire... So I asked them if they would like to come up with paintings of what they would like to see on the building instead." A spokesperson for the Grenfell Fire Response Team told BuzzFeed News that it was an idea discussed with pupils and parents, which they were keen on. However, nothing has been commissioned yet, and discussions with headteachers still need to take place.
Jackie Haynes lives next to the tower with her daughter and brother. She told BuzzFeed News that it's so distressing looking at the tower's scorched shell, she's avoided looking up at it ever since the tragedy two months ago.
"I can't look at it, I don't look at it, I function every day walking past it and not looking at it," she said. "When I go to the tube station I look in another direction because for me it's not just a tower – that tower has a whole lot of memories and it brings everything back when you look at it." Haynes said covering the site with paintings would stop members of the public treating the charred remains of the tower like a circus, but nothing would be able to "cover over that hell". "It works for the public, for other people, because then we're not such a stage show, such a circus, and it probably would be a lot better for locals because of the traumatic memories," she said. "I think that building just has to go," she added. "Whatever they turn it into, it would still be a murder scene and the graveyards of those victims."
"The tower is about 20 times worse than what people see on TV. When you actually see it in person, people have actually told me firsthand that they can't believe how bad it actually looks," he added.
"You can see it from different parts of London. So for me it's time to just get it scaffolded up, get pictures on it, and let people think of good times of the building and not the bad times."
Menacer told BuzzFeed News that walking past the building reminds him of the tragedy, so covering the building in positive images will help to uplift the community. "Every time we walk past if it's like a reminder about what's actually happened, so it's actually a good idea to cover the tower in paintings," he said. "Survivors have to put their hands on their face while they walk past it – they don't want to see it. It brings back nightmares and flashbacks. I's not good." Menacer continued: "To me, that spot, regardless of what happens in the future, it will always be known as Grenfell. For me, it might bring a little bit of colour and good thoughts to some people looking at it, as opposed to just looking at a white forensic tent. When they look up at it, it might bring them good memories of the tower instead of bad memories."
Fiona Rutherford is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Fiona Rutherford at fiona.rutherford@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Image copyright Christie Mclean Image caption Christie Mclean will now be able to enter Wallace the mule into British Dressage affiliated events
A rider who called for mules to be allowed to compete in top UK dressage events has successfully led to British Dressage changing its rules.
Christie Mclean from Stroud, Gloucestershire, was initially barred from competing with Wallace the mule.
British Dressage said it had now brought its rules in line with the international body to allow mules.
Previously only ponies and horses could compete but now all animals born to a mare can take part.
By definition a mule is a hybrid animal born of a male donkey and a mare.
Ms Mclean has been approached for comment.
'Inclusion and diversity'
Chief executive of British Dressage Jason Brautigam added: "We are grateful that this situation has been brought to our attention so we can now ensure our rules are brought in line with the FEI (Fédération Equestre International).
"We are delighted to welcome Wallace and his fellow mules to compete with BD, as part of our commitment to inclusion and diversity in dressage, making the sport more accessible to all."
Wallace, 11, was rescued by Sidmouth Donkey Sanctuary in Devon after he annoyed villagers in Ireland by tucking into their flowers.
Ms Mclean, 31, started teaching Wallace dressage with the blessing of his guardian, Lesley Radcliffe.
She competes in entry-level British Dressage and needs four horses on a team in an event called Team Quest.
After her horses went lame, she asked permission from British Dressage to enter Wallace into her team - when the restriction to mules came to light.
Speaking before the rule change she said: "So far, he is doing amazingly, he's scoring really, really high in unaffiliated dressage beating lots of other ponies.
"He's always super chilled and laid back about it, he absolutely loves doing it."
Liberty sale puts team, Isiah Thomas' future in limbo If this is it for Isiah Thomas as Liberty president, it wasn't a bad run at all. Owner James Dolan announced Tuesday he's selling the Liberty and Thomas is probably...
Former New York stars could be Liberty's ticket to first title The season has not started, but the conversations already have begun. The Liberty are talking title. “It's definitely talked about, knowing that we can win a championship, knowing that this...
Isiah Thomas has a plan to put Liberty over the top in title quest Liberty president Isiah Thomas marveled Monday, watching Sugar Rodgers launch jumpers from the hash mark — 35 feet from the hoop. The 5-foot-9 shooting guard effortlessly made a handful of...
Bill Laimbeer didn't even coach and got stuck with a Liberty loss The Liberty had nothing to play for — and it showed. Stefanie Dolson scored a career-high 23 points, Tierra Ruffin-Pratt had a season-best 19 points and the Washington Mystics kept...
Tina Charles reaches another major milestone in Liberty's win Bill Laimbeer wasn't surprised his star center reached another milestone so early in her career. Charles scored 23 points, including her 4000th, to help New York beat Phoenix 92-70 on...
Liberty about to find out if WNBA can be theirs It's not only teacher versus student in Tuesday's nationally televised (8 p.m., ESPN2) showdown at the Garden, where the Liberty host the unbeaten Minnesota Lynx. It's coach Bill Laimbeer using...
Liberty dominates Eastern finals opener despite quick turnaround Tina Charles and the Liberty showed no signs of fatigue playing consecutive nights, putting on a dominant performance in the opener of the WNBA Eastern Conference finals. Charles had 18...
How a late-night shooting session helped the Liberty snag an OT win Sugar Rodgers had been in a rut offensively. So last week she gave director of player development Teresa Weatherspoon a call for a late-night shooting session. The work paid off...
Isiah Thomas -- yes, that Isiah Thomas -- is Liberty's Mr. Fix-it Isiah Thomas is having a better first year as a Garden team president with the Liberty than Phil Jackson did with the Knicks. Thomas, whose May 6 hiring was met...
Local MLA Philip McGuigan has pledged his support to a review of funding for Community Pharmacies.
The North Antrim Sinn Fein representative was speaking after attending an event in Stormont were the issue was discussed.
“Community Pharmacies provide an invaluable service across this constituency and indeed across the north and it is imperative that a resolution to their funding crisis is found,” Mr McGuigan said.
He added: “If you take North Antrim as an example, pharmacies in some of the smaller rural towns and villages are the only point of contact to a medical practitioner.
“This service is vital and would leave a large gap if not there.”
Gerard Greene, Chief Executive of Community Pharmacy NI, the organisation which represents local pharmacies, said: “There is a real threat that the continued under funding by the Department of Health will result in pharmacies closing.
“We are now in a dire situation and one which we are not prepared to sit back and accept.”
PASADENA - Students and staff of Pomeroy Elementary celebrated a woman who has made a big impact on students' lives -- their beloved crossing guard of 34 years.
The crosswalk near the corner of Burke Road and Jenkins Road just outside Pomeroy Elementary is a place where Tere Brodowski has touched the hearts of many young students.
"I've been doing this for 34 years -- and I love every minute of it," Brodowski said.
Wednesday, these students' last day of class, was also her last day on the job. She is retiring after more than three decades of helping students cross safely.
"I like crossing them because [Jenkins] is a dangerous road. People speed through here. Some cars go by real fast, so they need a crossing guard," Brodowski said. "So, I've enjoyed them. I've saved a couple kids."
Those children, teachers and the school principal wanted to make sure her last day was as special as she was.
"She's given so much to us, and helped keep these children safe, so I just hope that she knows how much we love her and appreciate the job she's done," said Pomeroy Elementary Principal Stephen Harding.
Hundreds of students brought her flowers and cards with simple and sweet words of gratitude. On her last shift Wednesday afternoon, the students surprised her with those gifts. Brodowski had more flowers than she could carry.
"I was shocked. I wanted to cry -- I had no idea," Brodowski said.
"The students' faces just lit up and they were so happy," said teacher Rosalba Robles. "We told them it was going to be a surprised for her, and they were so happy."
The children gave her hugs. Many thanked her in both English and Spanish.
"She has crossed many ... students who are now moms who bring their students," Harding laughed.
Brodowski, equipped with her red stop sign, which she's had for 30 years, said she will miss all the quirks of the job.
"I sweep the mud off the street -- so they don't fall. This [sign] has been a broom, a shovel, a mosquito swatter, an ant killer," Brodowski laughed.
She also carried a 100-year-old whistle, which belonged to her grandfather, who was a police officer.
"It still works!" Brodowski said.
Ultimately, she said, she will miss her students and the kind people who have always made her job pleasant.
"We want to tell her, 'Thank you,' and that she's appreciated and that her job means the world to us," Robles said.
The community was there to wish her luck as she walked that crosswalk -- one last time.
"The burst of energy and love [the students] gave me -- they were so loving. It was nice. It was a nice surprise," Brodowski said.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
As if they need persuading, Belvedere vodka is launching a James Bond-theme ad campaign to get New Yorkers to drink more martinis. The tie-in with the latest Bond film, “Spectre,”...
ST. JOHN'S, Antigua, Apr. 18, CMC – The police in ...
You are unauthorized to view this page.
BAGHDAD (AP) — A suicide bomber driving a pickup loaded with explosives struck a bustling market in Baghdad on Monday, killing at least 36 people in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group hours after French President Francois Hollande arrived in the Iraqi capital.
The bomb went off in a fruit and vegetable market that was packed with day laborers, a police officer said, adding that another 52 people were wounded.
During a press conference with Hollande, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers. Once the workers gathered around, he detonated the vehicle.
IS claimed the attack in a statement circulated on a militant website often used by the extremists. It was the third IS-claimed attack in as many days in and around Baghdad, underscoring the lingering threat posed by the group despite a string of setbacks elsewhere in the country over the past year, including in and around the northern city of Mosul.
The attack took place in Sadr City, a vast Shiite district in eastern Baghdad that has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni extremists since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.
Shiite militiamen loyal to Muqtada al-Sadr, the firebrand cleric for whose family the neighborhood is named, were seen evacuating bodies in their trucks before ambulances arrived. Dead bodies were scattered across the bloody pavement alongside fruit, vegetables and laborers' shovels and axes. A minibus filled with dead passengers was on fire.
Asaad Hashim, an owner of a mobile phone store nearby, described how the laborers pushed and shoved around the bomber's vehicle, trying to get hired.
“Then a big boom came, sending them up into the air,” said the 28-year old, who suffered shrapnel wounds to his right hand. He blamed “the most ineffective security forces in the world” for failing to prevent the attack.
An angry crowd cursed the government, even after a representative of al-Sadr tried to calm them. Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's 6 million residents.
“We have no idea who will kill at any moment and who's supposed to protect us,” said Ali Abbas, a 40-year old father of four who was hurled over his vegetable stand by the blast. “If the securities forces can't protect us, then allow us to do the job,” he added.
Three smaller bombings elsewhere in the city on Monday killed another seven civilians and wounded at least 30, according to medics and police officials. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters.
Hollande meanwhile met with al-Abadi and President Fuad Masum, and later traveled to the self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet with French troops and local officials. There he pledged support for helping displaced Iraqis return to the city of Mosul, where Iraqi forces are waging a massive offensive against IS.
“We must also prepare a political solution for Mosul's post-liberation so that its inhabitants can live together,” he said.
France is part of the American-led coalition formed in 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria. France has suffered multiple attacks claimed by the extremist group.
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants and bad weather.
Mosul is Iraq's second largest city and the last major urban area in the country controlled by IS. Iraqi and U.S. commanders hope to drive IS from the city in the next three months.
___
Associated Press writers Lori Hinnant and Sylvie Corbet in Paris contributed.
Is the iPhone Supercycle Dead?
Bloomberg Gadfly columnist Alex Webb calls the end of the Apple iPhone supercycle. He speaks with Mark Barton and Vonnie Quinn on "Bloomberg Markets." (Webb is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist. The opinions expressed are his own.) (Source: Bloomberg)
East Sussex CC's chief executive has warned the council will be left with “a minimum service offer” by 2020-21 without further resources from the government.
In a report on the council's budget proposals, chief executive Becky Shaw said East Sussex is required to make savings of £17m, with a projected deficit of £30m by 2020-21.
She said by 2020-21, the council will continue to meet “critical and substantial need” in adult social care, deal with high risk cases in children's services, use its influence to assist with economic development, and ensure the safety of roads.
But Ms Shaw added: “If there are no new resources from government, by 2021-22 the council will be left with a minimum service offer.
“Central services will be reduced to a democratic core with minimum support for departments and more self-service.
“We will not be able to fund early intervention or prevention services in adult and children's social care or support to schools to improve attainment.
“We will have to move away from assets management in highways towards more reactive maintenance, leading to long-term deterioration of condition.”
The news comes at a time when Northamptonshire CC has issued a section 114 notice.
Ms Shaw's report, published on 23 January and recommended for approval by full council on 6 February, said uncertainty over future funding mechanisms from 2020-21, including the implementation of the outcome of the fair funding review and the government's intention to move to 75% business rates retention, means the council's medium term financial plan is “necessarily iterative”, with the consequences for East Sussex “unknown”.
East Sussex is proposing to increase council tax by 5.99% this year, the biggest rise permitted without a referendum.
The budget report says the council's estimated reserves will decrease from £88.6m in April this year to £44.2m by 2021.
It adds the £10m general fund balance held by the East Sussex, which is assessed annually in relation to risks facing the council, is £10m lower proportionately than most other councils.
The budget proposals include a reduction in full-time jobs of 200.
TORONTO — The Toronto Maple Leafs' season has come down to one game, and head coach Mike Babcock says they should embrace it.
The Leafs defeated the Boston Bruins 3-1 on Monday night to tie their best-of-seven opening round series at three games apiece.
The deciding game will be played Wednesday in Boston.
There's obvious pressure involved in a deciding game, but Babcock feels it's chance for a team to prove it's capable of winning big contests.
Toronto should have momentum heading into the deciding contest, having won the last two games to erase an early 3-1 series deficit.
Toronto will try to win its second series after trailing 3-1 in its history. The Leafs rallied from a 3-0 deficit against Detroit in the 1942 Stanley Cup final.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio (WDTN) — A car ran off the road and into a pond in Springfield on Tuesday morning.
Police responded to a call around 7:50 a.m. on Tuesday about a car in a pond in the 1500 block of Snyder Park Road.
According to police, the car is completely submerged.
Early reports indicate a woman was driving the car. She was able to get out of the vehicle.
The crash is under investigation.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another Facebook post or on Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Image copyright Twitter/ Mrs_Nichola_D Image caption Rail users posted photographs of the fallen cables on social media
An investigation has been launched after a train hit overhead cables in Monmouthshire.
The train was arriving at Abergavenny station from Holyhead when it caught an electrical cable hanging from the footbridge.
The recoiling cable caused minor injuries and shock to three people.
The Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) has now confirmed it is investigating the incident, which happened on 28 July.
Georgia Davies, 17, from Pontypool, Torfaen, was at the station with three of her friends when the incident happened.
Her father Allun Davies said he was relieved there would be an investigation and hoped that "lessons would be learnt".
He said: "Georgina was struck on the head, back and arm and two of her friends were also left with bruises and were in pain.
"One of her friends was almost hit by a bin and another friend was dragged by the cable."
Image copyright Jaggery/Geograph Image caption Network Rail said the incident involved a service travelling from Holyhead
He added: "We don't know [what caused] the cables to hang down so it would be good to find out and learn what safety measures will be put in place to stop this happening again as it could have been a lot more serious."
The RAIB said damage was also caused to the building, the train and other equipment on the station.
"We will publish our findings, including any recommendations to improve safety, at the conclusion of our investigation," a spokesman added.
16 Regulated Crypto Exchanges Unveil Plans to Restore Public Trust in Japan
The new Japanese cryptocurrency association comprising of sixteen government-approved exchanges debuted on Monday. The group has unveiled its plans to spearhead self-regulation in order to rebuild the public's trust in the crypto industry.
Also read: Yahoo! Japan Confirms Entrance Into the Crypto Space
New Japanese Association Debuts
Sixteen fully-licensed cryptocurrency exchanges in Japan have formally launched a new crypto association. The group held a press conference on Monday to detail its plans for self-regulation “in order to rebuild public trust battered by a high-profile theft,” Nikkei reported.
“The organization is expected to release trading and disclosure rules this summer,” the news outlet elaborated, adding that the group “plans to open its doors to those operating provisionally while the government watchdog reviews their applications.”
The founding exchange members are Money Partners, Quoine, Bitflyer, Bitbank, SBI Virtual Currencies, GMO Coin, Bittrade, Btcbox, Bitpoint Japan, DMM Bitcoin, Bitarg Exchange Tokyo, FTT Corporation, Bitocean, Fisco Virtual Currency, Tech Bureau, and Xtheta.
The group also held its first board of directors meeting and chose its key executives. President of foreign exchange platform provider Money Partners Group, Taizen Okuyama, was appointed the chief of the new organization. The publication quoted him declaring:
We'll pursue self-regulation to further the market's healthy development and allay uncertainty among cryptocurrency users.
Three Priorities Named
The group will focus on three priorities, the news outlet detailed. The first, as expressed by Okuyama, is the protection of customers. While the Japanese law “requires exchanges to manage customer assets separately from their own,” he admitted that “such a standard is a matter of course for securities firms and foreign exchange brokerages. Compliance has been patchier among cryptocurrency exchanges.”
Another priority is to ensure “an orderly rule-making process,” he described, citing as an example the issue of “leverage limits for margin trading and management of insider information, including what currencies a given exchange plans to start supporting.”
The third priority is “improving disclosure.” The CEO of Money Partners Group explained, as conveyed by Nikkei:
[Cryptocurrency] exchanges rarely provide statistics such as total accounts and assets, leaving consumers with too little information to choose one over another. Online brokerages, by contrast, release this data monthly.
The group aims to establish a system for timely disclosure, the news outlet detailed, noting that the country's financial regulator, the Financial Services Agency (FSA), “applauded the group's creation as a welcome, if overdue, move toward reform.”
Furthermore, Okuyama said that the association will leave the regulation of initial coin offerings (ICOs) to the judgment of an FSA study group.
What do you think of this new Japanese association and its self-regulatory priorities? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock and the new Japanese Association.
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
The post 16 Regulated Crypto Exchanges Unveil Plans to Restore Public Trust in Japan appeared first on Bitcoin News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Apple outsold Samsung by the narrowest of margins in Q4, but both are pursued by a pack of determined Chinese manufacturers
Apple has overtaken Samsung Electronics in smartphone sales for the first time in two years -- but don't count on it staying ahead for long.
Samsung sold 76.8 million smartphones in the fourth quarter, giving it a market share of 17.8 percent, but it was just beaten by Apple, which sold 77 million iPhones for a 17.9 percent share, according to figures from Gartner.
The fourth quarter is usually a strong one for Apple, boosted by holiday sales of the new generation of iPhones it releases each September, said Anshul Gupta, a research director at Gartner.
For Samsung, though, 2016 ended particularly badly, dominated by the fiasco around the recall of its incendiary Galaxy Note7.
Super-phones like the Note7 could have accounted for 10 to 15 percent of Samsung's smartphone sales in the period before its recall, said Gupta, but Samsung lost more than that: There was also the damage to its brand.
It could bounce back sooner rather than later, though, as it has a new flagship phone coming out at the end of March.
Apple, meanwhile, is expected to wait until September before unveiling new iPhones. This year will mark the iPhone's 10th anniversary, and the next model is widely expected to be something special, so Apple fans may delay replacing phones until then, said Gupta. That would leave the way clear for Samsung to move back into the lead from this quarter.
That pattern showed up last year too: Although it dominated the fourth quarter, Apple was a distant second over the full year, with market share of just 14.4 percent over the year, far behind Samsung's 20.5 percent, and the situation was similar the previous year.
While the giants slug it out, a more interesting battle is going on just beneath them, as the next three companies in the fourth-quarter smartphone rankings are all Chinese.
Huawei Technologies is in third place with a worldwide smartphone market share of 9.5 percent, with fourth and fifth taken by Oppo (6.2 percent) and BBK Communication Equipment (5.6 percent), two companies that many consider to be part of the same conglomerate.
Gartner treats them separately because, whatever their shareholding structure, they operate independently, each with their own product team, Gupta said.
BBK, almost unknown in the West, is now the number one smartphone brand in China, he said. A year ago, though, that honor went to Oppo, and the year before that, Huawei. Previous years saw the Chinese market topped by Xiaomi and Samsung.
These Chinese companies have pushed Apple and Samsung aside in their home market, and are expanding across South Asia.
"Even in their current expansion, Oppo is not focusing just on emerging markets, but also on developed markets like Australia," said Gupta, so we may soon see them climbing up the rankings in Europe and the U.S too.
The key ingredients for that are already in their products, he said. "Oppo and BBK make great phones in terms of feature set. They have integrated high-end features like dual cameras and fast charge."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
DENVER – The Raiders let a must-win game slip away in their regular season finale.
The AFC West officially belongs to the Kansas City Chiefs. Oakland gave away its opportunity to earn a first-round bye and a home game in the playoffs in a 24-6 loss to the Broncos. Now the Raiders will have to travel to Houston for the AFC Wild Card game on Saturday as the No. 5 seed.
“I tell guys all the time you get what you earn in this league,” Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said. “We didn't do enough to earn a win tonight and didn't do enough to earn an opportunity to clinch the division.”
The quarterback situation is at a crossroads. After Matt McGloin injured his non-throwing shoulder in the second quarter against Denver, there's a chance rookie QB Connor Cook could get his first NFL start against one of the top defenses in the league.
Bay Area News Group's Courtney Cronin and Jimmy Durkin discuss what went wrong for the Raiders at Sports Authority Field, including why the defense struggled to make tackles, stop the run and contain Trevor Siemian from sparking big drives that turned into touchdowns, plus more on Oakland's possible options under center in the team's first playoff game since 2002.
Whether it's the infamous "Veterans For Standing Rock" with their missing $1.1 million, or another organization in the litany of Standing Rock-based pages on the website, rough estimates for the amount raised on these pages have been reported to be around $11 million. Just as a point of reference, the state of North Dakota already has spent more than $30 million managing the crisis these donations were meant to fund.
All of this begs the question of whether GoFundMe shoulders any of the blame for providing a platform to fundraise for illegal protest activities—activities that include repeated violent attacks against our North Dakota law enforcement officers, using everything from Molotov cocktails and other improvised explosive devices to actual guns.
Do the site's owners care that they are actively enabling professional protesters to come into our community and disrupt the lives and livelihoods of both the residents of Morton County and members of the Standing Rock tribe alike?
When you take a deeper look at GoFundMe, it becomes clear that the answer is no.
GoFundMe is a business. And their business is fundraising for "causes" like these protesters. In 2015, Forbes magazine published an article outlining how GoFundMe earns "profits off of controversy." As the company outlines in its "Common Questions" page, GoFundMe takes a 5 percent fee from every contribution made over the site, along with an additional 3 percent processing fee.
Meaning the company has made roughly $880,000 off of these DAPL protests without having to do a thing beyond maintaining the website.
Pretty good haul for just shy of six months.
While the website has no official ideological loyalty, all you have to do is look at members of the company's senior leadership to get an idea of where they fall on the political spectrum.
The company's chairman and CEO, Rob Solomon, gave the maximum amount in contributions allowed by law to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. President and Chief Product Officer David Hahn is a former staffer for ultra-liberal California Senator Diane Feinstein.
And GoFundMe's vice president for communications and policy is none other than Dan Pfeiffer, former senior advisor, White House communications director and long-time confidant of President Obama.
Shockingly, there are no former Republican political staff members serving as executives for GoFundMe.
So the truth is, despite the violent and illegal behavior these GoFundMe pages are supporting, the company probably doesn't care. They are probably indifferent to the close to 600 people who have been arrested during these protests, or the public posting of threats against police officers, community leaders and their families.
They're making a hefty profit while supporting the liberal causes they personally believe in, while never having to leave sunny California.
It's all win-win for them, even if it's all lose-lose for North Dakota and its residents.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the "activate now" button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Think Hawaiian pizza, with its mix of ham and pineapple, is a dubious creation? You ain't eaten nothin' yet.
NYC pizzaioli are getting ever more creative with their toppings, making pizzas loaded with everything from Tater Tots to kimchi.
“I like to call this the New Age pizza movement,” says Vishee Mandahar, owner of Krave It in Bayside, known for its outlandish pies. “Anything goes, as long as we perfect the recipe and make it taste good.”
We sampled some of the city's craziest pies to see which ones actually taste delicious. Have a look.
Tater Tots
Potatoes on pizza might seem like a carb overload, but it's a classic combo rooted in Roman tradition. Krave It, the groovy, late-night eatery of Bayside, puts a wholly American spin on the pairing with its Loaded Tater Tots pizza ($20/$30). Made with Tots, bacon, cheddar, scallions, and swirls of ranch dressing and chipotle aioli, this pizza (and most of the restaurant's menu) seems made for drunken snacking.
“I like to always think outside the box and do thing others won't dare,” says Mandahar. “[But] our pizza isn't just wild toppings. It takes a lot of love and preparation.”
Rating: 3 slices The Tots were crispy and fresh and precisely arranged beneath a mesmerizing spiral of ranch and aioli. Unlike some of the other pies we tried, it remarkably held up to the weight of its many toppings. 40-15 Bell Blvd., Bayside; 347-836-8713, KraveItNY.com
Kimchi, bacon and miso
The West Village's Emily Pizza is best known for its rectangular Detroit-style pizzas, and their Pig Freaker pan pizza ($22) is an especially unorthodox take on the unique form. It's topped with housemade kimchi, bacon, sesame seeds, and a creamy sauce made from miso and American cheese.
“Pan pizza dough and [American] cheese can stand up to strong flavors like kimchi,” says Emily co-owner and chef Matt Hyland. “You can put a heavy amount of toppings on and it won't be overwhelming.”
Rating: 4 slices Hyland nails the proportions of kimchi — neither hidden nor overpowering — to the savory “miso-queso” to create a balanced pie that's just tangy enough. 35 Downing St.; 917-935-6434, PizzaLovesEmily.com
Baby octopus and langoustines
The Sea Monster pizza ($65) at the airy new Circa Brewing Co in downtown Brooklyn was inspired by the work of 16th century cartographer and cosmographer Sebastian Münster.
“The closer I looked [at one of his sketches], the more it looked like Spanish seafood, and I immediately wanted to put them [on pizza],” says Circa chef Shawn Burnette.
Burnette's pricey pie is an off-menu special topped with a seaweed-based sauce, a single langoustine, fresh baby octopus, anchovies, garlic and a “sea foam” made with saline water and egg whites. The dish must be reserved two days in advance to special order the langoustine from Iceland.
Rating: 3 slices The seafood was undeniably fresh and cooked to tender perfection, but just as satisfying pies can be had for far less dough. 141 Lawrence St., Brooklyn; 718-858-0055, CircaBrewing.co
Jerk chicken
Two dominant NYC food cultures — Caribbean and Italian — come together at ZuriLee. The colorful, unpretentious Flatbush pizzeria's Da Jerk pizza ($16) is topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella, roasted corn and spicy slices of jerk chicken.
“We wanted to bring something different to the table,” says first-generation South American chef and co-owner Paul Burrowes. “Something that represents who we are, our culture.”
Rating: 2 slices The smoky, spicy chicken contrasts nicely with the sweet corn, but the thin, chewy crust isn't able to adequately support the heavy toppings. 755 Flatbush Ave., Brooklyn; 718-513-6084, ZuriLeePizza.com
Grapes, hazelnuts and frisee
Nino Coniglio, the chef at the new Meatpacking restaurant the Woodstock, says topping a pizza with funky Taleggio, roasted red and green grape halves, whole toasted hazelnuts, porcini truffle cream, fresh frisee, and black lava salt isn't as strange as it sounds. All the ingredients are Italian.
“I'm not gonna make a pizza that would invoke Indian, Mexican or Asian influences,” he says of the pie ($15).
Rating: 3 slices With ingredients borrowed from a standard wine-and-cheese picnic, the mix of flavors was familiarly pleasing, but the textures were problematic. The hazelnuts and grapes need to be chopped smaller to bring everything together and make it easier to eat. But the crust, made from dough fermented for six days, is pretty sublime. 446 W. 14th St.; 212-633-2000, TheWoodstockNYC.com
Escargot
Most people associate escargot with French fare, but garlicky snails are also quite popular in parts of Italy, where they're known as babbalucci.
“[It's] a traditional Sicilian street food dish … One of my father's favorites,” says Andrew LoPresto, owner and chef of Babbalucci, a rustic Harlem trattoria. There you'll find a wood-fired pizza on the menu topped with snails, garlic, tomato sauce, Gorgonzola and parsley ($15/$23).
Rating: 1 slice You can barely taste the snails, which have the texture of mushrooms and are sadly overpowered by the pungent blue cheese. 331 Lenox Ave.; 646-918-6572, Babbalucci.com
Barbecue brisket
Williamsburg's Forcella synthesizes the flavors and techniques of Neapolitan pizza makers, Texas-barbecue pitmasters and New York Jewish delis to make the Local Pizzaiolo ($24). The pie features beef brisket from nearby barbecue joint Fette Sau, along with cipollini onions, provolone, mozzarella and chili-pepper-infused honey.
“We were brainstorming ideas for a new meat pizza,” says Forcella co-owner Vasyl Dzoba. “We love brisket and, in our opinion, Fette Sau has the best brisket in Williamsburg.”
Rating: 3 slices The smoked beef is sliced nice and thin, which helps this pizza hold up to the weight of the meat. The combination of cheeses, sweet cipollini and brisket is hard to resist, evoking the flavor profile of a chopped cheese sandwich, but it's not as creative and surprising as other pies. 485 Lorimer St., Williamsburg; 718-388-8820, ForcellaEatery.com
“Can Obama run again?”
Since the election, that question was Googled more by people living in New York than in any other state in the country, according to search data.
Researchers from the real estate company, Estately, have used Google Trends to “measure search traffic for hundreds of terms, names, and questions” from all fifty states in the days and weeks after Donald Trump was elected president.
During their analysis, they found that many states had some pretty understandable Google searches related to the election — while others appeared to be asking random questions, and looking for funny pop culture references.
In Oregon, residents were obsessed with “punching Nazis” — Googling the phrase more frequently than any other state, Estately reports.
Over in California, people simply asked: “What did Trump do now?”
Wyoming seemed to be really worried about what Trump could do to immigrants and refugees living in the country — Googling “Internment of Japanese Americans” more than anyone else.
For Pennsylvanians, it was “Donald Trump pee pee party” that reigned supreme — and in Vermont, it was “How to move to Canada?”
Several states had seemingly random searches about current events, such as Mississippi, with “3 Doors Down,” and Illinois, with “Martin Shkreli dog poop.”
Others chose to stay the political route — Googling things like “Gay dance party Mike Pence” in Virginia, “West Coast secession” in Washington, “Kellyanne Conway alternative facts” in Maine and “Sean Spicer lies” in Kentucky.
In addition to the topics states Googled more frequently, Estately also listed other key words or phrases that were searched for more often than others.
Some other things New Yorkers looked for or asked were, “Trump hands photoshop,” “Is Jeff Sessions racist?” and “Is this really happening?”
The drama. The loyalty. The speculation about who stays and who goes. The Trump administration has it all. And so did Donald Trump's run on The Apprentice.
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency. But as with his administration, Trump also stirred controversy on the set. A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times Trump used "really unfathomably despicable words" while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public.
Of course, people weren't watching then for insight into how the show's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on his public political image. But in retrospect, there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office.
1. Questionable language
In October 2016, just before the election, an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women, saying, "[W]hen you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." When that story broke, former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were "far worse" tapes from Trump's time on that show.
Pruitt says he does not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement, but he tells NPR that the comments he was referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews. Pruitt says Trump's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew — that at times there would be an "audible gasp" from those who heard the comments.
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt's story "the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago."
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language. He started his campaign by referring to immigrants as "rapists." This summer after the racist violence in Charlottesville, Va., Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members. Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism, as NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported.
2. A businessman with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice, he's seated in the back of a black limousine, introducing himself directly to the camera.
"My name's Donald Trump," he begins, "and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York." He lists off his holdings: buildings, casinos, golf courses, model agencies and much more.
Then he briefly hints at his past financial challenges.
"But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago I was seriously in trouble," he says, in reference to four bankruptcies involving his properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992.
"I was billions of dollars in debt," he continues. "But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain. I used my negotiating skills. And I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was — stronger than it ever was."
In all 14 episodes of The Apprentice's debut season, these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump's businesses had faced. From then on, the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog, with his troubles squarely behind him.
"Donald Trump is an icon," contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale. "He's someone who, when people said, 'You couldn't do it,' always got it done." That's a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign.
Multiple episodes were set at Trump's Taj Mahal casino, which he described on the show as "the No. 1 hotel in Atlantic City." Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving.
In fact, the Taj Mahal, along with other Trump casinos, would file for bankruptcy in late 2004, just months after The Apprentice debuted.
Still, Trump's business savvy was part of his pitch during the campaign, and many who voted for him looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside. Despite his bankruptcies, Trump largely maintained his image of success.
3. Ever the salesman
Every episode of the show centered around a task — a business-related contest between two teams. Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment? The winning team, besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside his dimly lit boardroom, would receive a reward.
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks: a private tour of Yankee stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson Bay. But more often than not, the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump's wealth and business acumen.
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and his then-girlfriend Melania, now wife and first lady, lived; the picnic at Trump's estate in Bedford, N.Y. ("where the richest people live," Trump narrates); the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. ("the best golf course in New York state"); the overnight stay at Trump's Taj Mahal casino ("you're staying in the most beautiful suite you've ever seen"); the jaunt to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort ("the No. 1 club anywhere as far as I'm concerned").
In Episode 9, one contestant's savvy business move earns him a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump. "You know, a lot of people would like that opportunity," Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock.
Trump's financial ties have followed him to Washington, with watchdogs arguing for further separation from his businesses. Trump and his lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust, rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done.
Even amid criticism of being too close to his businesses while in office, Trump has spent many weekends at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., and his golf club in Bedminster, N.J. His hotel in Washington, D.C., has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president. And Trump hasn't shied away from talking about his properties. Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville, Trump took to the opportunity to mention his winery in the area.
4. Loyalty is paramount
It didn't take the president's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly President Trump values loyalty. But the clues were also there in 2004, particularly during the firing of one contestant named Tammy Lee.
In the seventh episode, as Trump dissects the losing team's failure as they sit before him, Lee breaks with the rest of her team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating. Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee's dissension, asking, "Was she honest or disloyal?"
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty.
"Your disloyalty has been just terrible. ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case," Trump tells Lee as the music swells, signaling he would soon deliver his signature sentence: "Tammy ... you're fired."
Comey has testified that the president asked for his "loyalty" and for him to end the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge, but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from his team — even if he does not always reciprocate.
5. Trump can stoke a fight, even between others
From the start, Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice (even into his presidency). And, like any good reality television producer, he appeared to have a gift for identifying and, in some cases, amplifying squabbles between contestants.
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6. Trump is interrogating the losing team, leading to the typical chain of recriminations. Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault (now an aide to the president) begins by complimenting her teammate, Heidi Bressler, before also adding that when she first met Bressler, she didn't think she had much class.
"Do you think Omarosa has class?" Trump asks Bressler, looking for a response to her teammate's backhanded compliment. He adds, "If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like her. I don't care what they do."
Trump then turns to another contestant, Jessie Connor: "Do you like Omarosa, the way she just talks to you? I mean do you like her?" Connor refuses to take the bait, instead trying to keep the peace by saying she does in fact like her teammate.
But Trump isn't finished sussing out the conflict.
"How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know she's got a very sharp edge," he says about Manigault. And on it goes.
The president has had his share of direct Twitter wars since taking office, but he also has a history of publicly stoking feuds between others.
During the campaign, Trump created divides to his advantage. He tried to create a chasm between Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson. In October 2016, he reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., how Hillary Clinton had wronged them, saying, "To the Bernie Sanders people, you got sold out." In September, following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players, the president sought to remind the public of what he perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL's athletes and its fans.
6. On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known, which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success. Instead, his challenge has been to be seen as "favorable."
The show's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble. NBC, which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends, saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with his company, The Trump Organization.
Attracting 28 million viewers, the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week. According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup, when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999, the percentage of respondents who saw him as "favorable" declined precipitously: from 41 to 33 percent in less than a month. But in 2005, one year after The Apprentice debuted, Trump clocked in at 50 percent.
Trump had never before — and he would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup's polls. As of Oct. 5, nearly nine months into his presidency, Trump is at 39 percent. However, what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized.
In the final stretch of its Kickstarter campaign, FlowMotion Smartphone Stabilizer was funded in one hour and has amassed, now, over $600,000 of a $30,000 goal. It's almost sure that the end of shaky videos is about to be true.
FlowMotion solves a pain many have felt all too personally – getting stable video with your smartphone. This inspired FlowMotion to create ONE, the first smartphone stabilizer which you can wear and hold, due to the unique 3inONE design. You can use the stabilizer as a wearable device attached to all your existing camera mounts (e.g. on your helmet, bike or car), use the FlowMotion handle with a joystick that lets you change the camera angle as you shoot, or attach it to FlowMotion's extension pole, which allows for close-up shots even at a distance. The stabilizer eliminates shaking and vibrations by using sensors and high-precision motors, turning your smartphone into a professional camera, giving you cinema-quality footage.
It's that versatility that sets FlowMotion appart from other solutions available or promised in recent years. That explain, too, why more than 2,700 backers gave a total over $600,000 to a project that only asked for $30,000. In fact, FlowMotion was funded in one hour, and back at the start of November 2016 had received over $370,000. For the team behind the product, a group of adventurers, travelers and techies, who believe that great moments should be captured in the best possible way, this was the best Christmas gift they could have. They created FlowMotion ONE because, from their own experience, they are fully aware that “It's hard to capture smooth video with your smartphone, we've all been there. You think you captured the perfect moment, but it ends up as a crappy memory.”
No more now, they say, with the world's most versatile smartphone stabilizer. The team promises that FlowMotion ONE eliminates camera shake so you can capture every moment in perfect quality, for smooth cinematic videos with your smartphone, while being easy to carry – it weighs less than a pound and fits in your pocket. The FlowMotion ONE can also be used on a bike or a tripod, or with FlowMotion's handle or extension pole, which makes it look like a selfie stick. But, as Forbes wrote, “Don't confuse FlowMotion ONE with a pimped out selfie stick. It's far from it”.
FlowMotion was founded by Lars Flesland, Julie Bauge, Eirik Dyrseth and Didrik Dimmen in 2015. The four outdoor enthusiast discovered the need for a stabilizing video while shooting their own adventures. The FlowMotion team, now consists of 10 people, is a group of adventurers, travelers, runners, tech geeks and action sports professionals who share the passion for videography and tech. They started building a solution to their own problem but soon realized that shaky footage is a problem ranging far beyond the action-sports segment. FlowMotion ONE was developed for action sport, but made for everyone.
With offices in Palo Alto and Trondheim, Norway, FlowMotion produces video stabilizing products that marry software and hardware solutions to empower users to be the best cinematographers they can be. FlowMotion's mission is to help people tell better stories. They do that by providing people with easy-to-use tools which enable them to capture smooth cinema-quality videos.
FlowMotion has won awards from Norway, Finland, Germany and the United States. Including being awarded as Norway's Most Promising Startup and winning Venture Cup Norway, the nation's largest business plan competition.The pitching competitions Polar Bear Pitching in Finland and Live Sharks Tank in San Francisco. It was also awarded one of the top 50 new products within the sports industry at ISPO in Germany, the world's largest sports and outdoors expo.
Was This Post Helpful:
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley kicks off his campaign to win the GOP nomination for U.S. Senate last week. Margaret Stafford AP
BERLIN — The head of Germany's domestic intelligence agency says the number of Islamic radicals is growing and becoming increasingly difficult to keep under surveillance as recruiting efforts move underground.
Hans-Georg Maassen said in comments released Sunday that the number of adherents of Salafist ideology rose to 10,800 from 9,700 a year ago. Salafists believe in a fundamentalist interpretation of Islam, though are not necessarily violent.
He says they've reduced street recruiting and radicalization in mosques and larger groups in favour of “small conspiratorial circles, primarily on the internet.” Maassen says “this is a particular challenge” for his office.
He says Islamic radicals from Chechnya and the North Caucasus region, of whom there are several hundred, are another concern, because they're well networked, prone to violence and often have combat experience.
NEW DANCE PRACTICES COURSE IN SCHOOL OF MUSIC, Fall 2017
Dance Practices for Musicians
Fall 2017
MUSI 4000-006, CRN 20805 / 7000-004
MWF 8:00-8:50 a.m. Hemmle Recital Hall
Instructor: Anne Wharton
Course Description and Purpose:
Dance Practices for Musicians is an integrated approach to various branches of dance and dance-related bodywork, including vernacular forms, improvisation, and body-mind awareness. The goal of the class is to deepen the qualities of attention and concentration, to enhance health and well-being, and to increase physical and mental stamina in music performance and practice settings. Students engage both physically and critically with dance forms from North America and around the globe, situating dance as communication, personal expression, and human culture. Includes relevant material and practices from: basic anatomy; yoga/Pilates; warmup, stretching and massage; Laban/Bartenieff (body organization); social and partnered dances; partnering (weight sharing); improvisation.
Meets MWF 8-8:50am, Hemmle Recital Hall stage, School of Music
Open to All Music Majors; other majors by permission (contact linda.gregston@ttu.edu)
No prerequisites
Limited Enrollment
Suggested Dance Supplies:
Yoga mat; loose comfortable clothing suitable for movement
Expected Learning Outcomes:
Students will be able to lead themselves through a home dance practice including warmup, stretching and massage; yoga and Pilates; basic footwork and combinations; etc. Students will have a basic understanding of the body mechanics and cognitive processes involved in dance movement (Laban/Bartenieff) and how that understanding can be applied to musical practice and performance, including both instrumental and vocal activities.
Grading based upon attendance and participation.
More information and to reserve a seat: anne.wharton@ttu.edu
South Africa will probably escape a junk assessment from Moody's Investors Service this week in the first such verdict on the country's creditworthiness since Cyril Ramaphosa came to power.
The change in leadership last month from the troubled era of Jacob Zuma will allow Africa's most-industrialized economy to cling on to the only major investment-grade rating it has left, according to all 15 respondents in a Bloomberg survey of economists and analysts.
The rand has rallied and business confidence rebounded since Ramaphosa succeeded Zuma as head of the ruling African National Congress and president. The risk of missing budget targets and economic growth stumbling, and the ANC's move to pursue expropriation without compensation may still jeopardize South Africa's credit ratings. A move to junk on the rand debt would see the nation fall out of gauges including Citigroup Inc.'s World Government Bond Index, risking outflows of as much as 100 billion rand ($8.3 billion).
“We expect the ratings agency to wait to evaluate fiscal performance and policy actions at this time, with any fiscal slippage or populist measures potentially triggering a revisit and potential downgrade later in the year,” IHS Global Insight director Bryan Plamondon said by email.
Ratings Risk South Africa's debt is assessed as junk by two of the three major ratings companies Sources: S&P Global Ratings, Fitch Ratings Ltd. and Moody's Investors Service
Moody's put South Africa's foreign- and local-currency ratings on review for a downgrade to junk in November, and is scheduled to make an announcement on Friday. The company currently assesses the country at one step above speculative grade on both criteria.
Lawmakers have started the process of changing the constitution to allow the government to expropriate property without paying for it. While Ramaphosa said this will not be done at the expense of the economy or food production, the main opposition Democratic Alliance and farmers' groups say it will deter investment. That, and economic growth that underperforms, remain risks, according to Elize Kruger, an economist at NKC African Economics.
Read more on why land seizure is back in the news in South Africa
“A disappointment on the actual growth outcome could definitely be credit negative,” she said by phone. “If we go south on the whole land expropriation resolution and we lose the investor confidence again on this and the rand slides and so on, we could definitely move backwards on the ratings story.”
A downgrade to junk by Moody's will knock the optimism that's boosted confidence and raised hopes that economic growth can exceed forecasts this year and next.
Picking Up South Africa's economic growth is forecast to accelerate in the next two years Sources: Statistics South Africa and National Treasury
S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings Ltd. both cut South Africa's local- and foreign currency debt to junk last year. Falling out of gauges such as the Citigroup one could raise borrowing costs as a time when the nation plans to tap international markets for as much as $3 billion.
“Cyril Ramaphosa's rise to the presidency is a big boost to confidence and it will help us, but the land expropriation issue may become a big deterrent,” Kimon Boyiatjis, chief investment officer at Trident Capital Ltd. in Cape Town, said by phone. “It's one thing to appoint someone in government who is more credible than his predecessor, but he now has to walk the walk.”
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — Gov. Robert Bentley resigned Monday rather than face impeachment and pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor campaign violations that arose during an investigation of his alleged affair with a top aide.
In a remarkable fall, the mild-mannered 74-year-old Republican and one-time Baptist deacon stepped down as the sex-tinged scandal gathered force over the past few days. Legislators turned up the pressure by opening impeachment hearings Monday. Last week, the Alabama Ethics Commission cited evidence that Bentley broke state ethics and campaign laws and referred the matter to prosecutors.
“There've been times that I let you and our people down, and I'm sorry for that,” Bentley said in the old House chamber of Alabama's Capitol after he pleaded guilty.
The violations were discovered during the investigation of his affair but were not directly related to it.
In court, Bentley appeared sullen and looked down at the floor. One misdemeanor charge against Bentley stemmed from a $50,000 loan he made to his campaign in November that investigators said he failed to report until January. State law says major contributions should be reported within a few days. The other charge stemmed from his use of campaign funds to pay nearly $9,000 in legal bills for 45-year-old political adviser Rebekah Caldwell Mason last year.
“He did what he did and he deserves now to be called a criminal,” said Ellen Brooks, a retired district attorney overseeing the state investigation.
The plea agreement specified that Bentley must surrender campaign funds totaling nearly $37,000 within a week and perform 100 hours of community service as a physician. The dermatologist also cannot seek public office again.
Bentley's successor is Lt. Gov. Kay Ivey, who became Alabama's second female governor. The first was Lurleen Wallace, wife of segregationist and four-term Gov. George C. Wallace. She ran as a surrogate for her still-powerful husband in 1966 when he couldn't seek re-election because of term limits. She won, but died in office in 1968.
“The Ivey administration will be open. It will be transparent. And it will be honest,” Ivey said.
Bentley said in his statement that he no longer wanted to subject his family and staff “to the consequences that my past actions have brought upon them.” His staff gave him a standing ovation as he entered and exited the old House chamber.
see also Governor's wife discovered his affair on iCloud account The wife of Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley realized he was...
Bentley's resignation follows the ouster of former House Speaker Mike Hubbard, who left office in 2016 after being convicted on ethics charges, and former state Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore, who was suspended from his post last year over an order opposing same-sex marriage.
Bentley, a staunch family-values conservative who won two terms partly because of his reputation for moral rectitude, was first engulfed in scandal last year after recordings surfaced of him making sexually charged comments to Mason.
An investigative report prepared for the House Judiciary Committee and released last week said Bentley encouraged an “atmosphere of intimidation” to keep the story under wraps and directed law enforcement officers to track down and seize recordings his wife made of him. The report portrayed the governor as paranoid and obsessed with trying to keep the relationship secret.
The committee on Monday started what was expected to be days of hearings.
Bentley lawyer Ross Garber had argued that impeachment should be reserved for only the “most grave misconduct,” noting that only two US governors have been impeached since 1929, and both were indicted for serious felonies.
“It is not unusual for elected officials to have ethics and campaign finance issues. In fact, many governors face these things. It is very rare, though, for legislators to try to leverage those issues to impeach a governor. In fact, it is simply not done,” Garber told the Associated Press in an email.
Garber also represented former Gov. Mark Sanford of South Carolina and ex-Gov. John Rowland of Connecticut during impeachment proceedings.
The last US governor to be impeached was Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in 2009. He was removed from office, and is now serving a prison sentence, for conspiring to sell an appointment to President Barack Obama's vacant US Senate seat.
The investigative report contained text messages that the governor sent to Mason. They were intercepted by Bentley's then-wife, Dianne Bentley, who was able to read the messages because they also showed up on the governor's state-issued iPad, which he had given her.
“I sure miss you. I need you. I want you. You are the only one,” one message read.
Dianne Bentley divorced her husband in 2015 after 50 years of marriage.
Dianne Bentley had secretly recorded her husband by leaving her phone on while she went for a walk. At one point, according to the investigative report, the governor sent the head of his security detail to fetch the recording from his son Paul Bentley, who responded: “You ain't getting it.”
The former first lady's chief of staff also charged that Bentley threatened her job because he believed she had helped his wife make the recordings.
On Friday, the governor made a somber plea for forgiveness from the steps of the Alabama Capitol, acknowledging that he had let people down but promising that he had done nothing illegal or anything to merit his removal from office.
He has denied having a physical relationship with his former aide, though in some of the recordings, he talked about the pleasure he got from fondling her breasts.
GOP leaders in the House and Senate called on Bentley to resign, as has the Alabama Republican Party's steering committee.
“It's really time for us to look ahead and start moving forward on more pressing matters,” Republican Sen. Cam Ward said. “It was a constant distraction, one that was never going to change, and it's time for us to get back to work.”
Two of Bentley's predecessors in the past three decades have been convicted of crimes: Republican Guy Hunt in the 1990s, for misusing funds, and Democrat Don Siegelman, who was convicted of bribery in 2006.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
(Photo by Anthony Behar/Sipa USA)
The latest icon to be marred by sexual misconduct allegations is the celebrity chef and noted Croc shoe lover Mario Batali.
Eater is reporting that multiple women have come forward to share their stories of harassment by Batali, mostly stemming from the 1990s.
Via a statement to Eater, Batali apologized but did not deny the stories.
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
Batali will be stepping away from his restaurants and will no longer appear as the co-host of ABC's daytime talk and cooking show The Chew.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for Entercom stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
Fallout from the Russia investigation claimed another Trump appointee Friday with the withdrawal of KT McFarland from consideration to be ambassador to Singapore.
McFarland did not say in her letter to President Donald Trump why she was withdrawing. But her nomination, which had already been approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, ran into problems in December after court documents suggested she'd lied to the committee about her knowledge of conversations between former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and then Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
"I am asking that you withdraw my nomination to be the US Ambassador to Singapore," she said in a letter. "I have come to this decision reluctantly, because I believe in your mission."
McFarland, who previously served as Flynn's deputy on the National Security Council, was nominated for the ambassador position in June. She was a member of Trump's transition team in December 2016, when Flynn asked Kislyak to have his government not respond to sanctions that the Obama administration had imposed over Russian interference in the presidential election. The conversation was monitored by US intelligence, however, and led eventually to Flynn's dismissal from the administration, reportedly for lying to Vice President Mike Pence about its content.
In July, McFarland had told Sen. Cory Booker, D-New Jersey, in a written response to questions that she was "not aware" of Flynn's contacts with Kislyak. But when Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI, court filings showed that McFarland had known in advance that he would speak to Kislyak.
The Senate returned her nomination to the White House without action, a sign that it was in trouble, but the White House resubmitted it in January, leaving the Senate in a quandary about whether to consider it.
McFarland's withdrawal is the second by a Trump nominee whose name surfaced in connection to a guilty plea to charges brought by Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
In November, Sam Clovis, a Trump campaign adviser, withdrew from consideration for a senior position at the Department of Agriculture after court documents revealed that Clovis had supervised the work of George Papadopoulos. Papadopoulos also pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about actions he'd taken as a Trump campaign adviser.
……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
ear the case. But it is significant, and increases the likelihood that the court will take it up. If the court did so and and ruled in Khosla's favor, such a decision could make it easier for wealthy coastal landowners in California and around the nation to block the public from beaches.
00.
“Yes, this means it is more likely the Supreme Court will grant review of the case,” said Barton “Buzz” Thompson, a Stanford law professor and former clerk for Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist. “But that's based on what Khosla has told them, and not based on both sides of the case. They are saying this looks like an interesting case. We want to hear from the other side.”
The Surfrider Foundation's attorney, Joe Cotchett, of Burlingame, said Tuesday that he will file his arguments with the high court by the deadline. It takes four justices of the nine-member court to agree to take up a case.
“Are we going to respond? Yes, we are going to respond,” Cotchett said. “It is not a routine thing. Anybody who tells you that it is whistling Dixie. Every petition to the Supreme Court does not get responded to. There are hundreds filed every year. But we knew this was coming.”
Khosla, a venture capitalist and co-founder of Sun Microsystems, purchased a beachfront property south of Half Moon Bay in 2008 and locked the gate to a scenic, sandy beach that had been enjoyed by families since the 1920s.
Because Martins Beach is flanked on both sides by tall cliffs, the road through Khosla's land is the only way for the public to get to the beach.
The Surfrider Foundation sued, claiming that under California's landmark Coastal Act, approved by voters in 1972, property owners need to get a permit from the California Coastal Commission not just to build new structures near the beach but also to change public access. The group won at the lower court level, then in August won again when the First District Court of Appeals in San Francisco ruled 3-0 that Khosla violated the Coastal Act.
After the California Supreme Court declined to hear Khosla's appeal, he hired one of America's most high-profile Supreme Court lawyers, Paul Clement, to file a petition asking the U.S. Supreme Court to take up the case.
Clement is the former U.S. solicitor general under President George W. Bush. A magna cum laude graduate of Harvard Law School and former clerk of the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, has argued more than 50 cases before the U.S. Supreme Court and is mentioned as a potential Supreme Court nominee in future Republican administrations. He has represented numerous conservative causes, including the National Rifle Association in a 2010 gun rights case and the Republican leaders of the House of Representatives in arguing that same-sex marriage should not be legal.
Khosla, in the petition, argued the California Coastal Commission violated his property rights by requiring him to obtain a permit to padlock the gates. His 151-page legal filing calls the case a “textbook physical invasion of private property.” It describes the Coastal Act, which was approved by voters to ensure public access to the shoreline, as “Orwellian” for requiring property owners to obtain permits when they want to build homes or businesses along the California coastline.
Neither Clement nor Jeffrey Essner, a San Jose-based attorney for Khosla, responded to requests for comment Tuesday.
0
” Unfortunately, we won't be able to comment,” said Olivia Clarke, a spokesman for Clement's firm in Chicago.
After losing at the lower court, Khosla has kept the gate open fairly regularly, and the San Mateo County Sheriff's Department has announced it will not arrest people who use the beach for trespassing while the legal battle plays out in court.
Last September, the California Coastal Commission began enforcement proceedings against Khosla. It charged in a letter that he has committed “numerous and significant violations of the California Coastal Act,” including blocking public access for years, and grading and subdividing the property without a permit. Those violations could result in penalties of $20 million or more. The case is still pending.
A Coastal Commission spokeswoman said Tuesday the agency would have no comment on the latest Supreme Court move.
Khosla's actions are part of a trend in which billionaires have been trying to supersede the rights of average people, said Surfrider Foundation attorney Cotchett.
“This is not just about Martin's Beach,” he said. “The California Coastal Act is under direct attack. The common denominator is the dollar bill. This would affect beaches all over the country if they take it up. We are living in some very serious times.”
Khosla, who was born in Delhi, India, immigrated to the U.S. and graduated from Carnegie Mellon University and Stanford Business School. He had cultivated a reputation before the beach issue as an environmental leader searching for clean fuels and renewable energy technologies. He also has donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to Democrats such as Sen. Dianne Feinstein, Rep. Nancy Pelosi, Rep. Zoe Lofgren, Rep. Ro Khanna, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden and the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.
In a rare interview published by Bloomberg on Monday, he said he will doggedly fight on.
“It's a matter of principle, not whether the timing is right,” Khosla said. “This is about unfairness, and I don't tolerate unfairness.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Snow showers and freezing temperatures could be headed for Croydon this coming week, according to the latest forecasts.
The Met Office's latest forecast is predicting that temperatures in Croydon will drop to a bone-chilling -2°C at night, with freezing winds making it feel colder still.
It has also issued a yellow weather warning for snow and ice between 8pm on Sunday, February 3 and 10am on Monday, February 4.
The warning says: "Wintry showers are expected to affect southeast England through Sunday night and Monday morning.
"Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with longer journey times by road, bus and train services. Some icy patches are likely to develop on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths."
Will snow fall in my area?
We're often told snow is forecast to fall but with some areas higher up than others, and some parts of the borough closer to central London, the likelihood can vary depending on where you live.
But www.netweather.tv has given a detailed forecast, which includes a column detailing the likelihood of snowfall in terms of a percentage.
Below we detail the chances in different parts of the borough on different days.
East Croydon
Saturday, February 3 - Snow is most likely in the afternoon and evening in East Croydon on Saturday, with the snow likelihood percentage peaking at 41 percent between 6pm and 9pm.
There is also a 34 percent chance between 3pm and 6pm.
Sunday, February 4 - There is a 95 percent chance of snow between 9am and 12noon according to the website, but this quickly drops to zero in the afternoon so any flurries will be short-lived.
Snow is once again likely in the evening however, with an 86 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Monday, February 5 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Tuesday, February 6 - Tuesday is similar to Sunday as there is a 95% chance of snow between 9am and noon before snow is expected to subside in the afternoon.
But the likelihood will once again increase, with a 68 percent chance of snow between 6pm and 9pm.
Wednesday, February 7 - Snow is expected to fall on Wednesday morning, with a 95 percent chance between 9am and noon.
Thursday, February 8 - A much lower chance of snow on Thursday, with just a 34 percent chance between 6pm and 9pm, and a 27 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Friday, February 9 - Friday doesn't only bring with it a 90 percent chance of snow between 3am and 6pm, but also a 27 percent chance of a storm, so be careful towards the end of the week.
New Addington
(Image: Simon Turnbull)
Saturday, February 3 - A very small chance of snow on Saturday in New Addington, with just an 18 percent chance between noon and 3pm, and a 24 percent chance between 3pm and 9pm.
Sunday, February 4 - Snow is more likely on Sunday however, with a 64 percent chance between 9am and noon, and 48 percent chance between noon and 3pm.
Monday, February 5 - There is a 64 percent chance between midnight and 6am.
There is then a 54 percent chance of snow between noon and 3pm, and a 72 percent chance between 3pm and 6pm.
Tuesday, February 6 - Early on Tuesday morning and late on Tuesday evening are the times when snow is most likely. There is a 95 percent chance of snow between 3am and 6am, and then a 90 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Wednesday, February 7 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Thursday, February 8 - Following on from Wednesday's predicted lack of snow, there is only a 24 percent chance of snow between 6pm and 9pm on Thursday, and an 18 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Friday, February 9 - But this increases into the early hours of Friday, with a 57 percent chance of snow between midnight and 3am.
Purley
Saturday, February 3 - There is a 30 percent chance between noon and 3pm, which increases to 41 percent between 3pm and 9pm.
Sunday, February 4 - Sunday is much more likely to see snow, with a 95 percent chance between 9am and noon and again between 9pm and midnight.
Monday, February 5 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Tuesday, February 6 - Tuesday afternoon brings with it a high likelihood of snow, with a 95 percent chance between noon and 3pm, and a 90 percent chance between 3pm and 6pm.
Wednesday, February 7 - And the early hours of Wednesday see a similar likelihood of some snowflakes, with a 95 percent chance of some falling between midnight and 3am.
Thursday, February 8 - There is a 50 percent chance between 3pm and 6pm, a 27 percent chance between 6pm and 9pm, and a 60 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Friday, February 9 - And the anticipated late night snow on Thursday continues into Friday morning, with a 90 percent chance of some snowfall between midnight and 3am.
Old Coulsdon
Saturday, February 3 - There's a 24 percent chance of snow between noon and 3pm, a 30 percent chance between 3pm and 6pm, and a 34 percent chance between 6pm and midnight.
Sunday, February 4 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Monday, February 5 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Tuesday, February 6 - Tuesday evening could be in for a flurry however, as there is a 90 percent chance of snow between 9pm and midnight.
Wednesday, February 7 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Thursday, February 8 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Friday, February 9 - The likelihood of snow increases throughout Friday morning, starting at 34 percent between midnight and 3am.
This then increases between 3am and 6am to 57 percent, and then up to 80 percent between 6am and 9am.
Upper Norwood
(Image: Danny Fitzpatrick)
Saturday, February 3 - Saturday may be in for a few flakes, as there is a 30 percent chance between 3pm and 6pm and a 24 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Sunday, February 4 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Monday, February 5 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Tuesday, February 6 - Tuesday evening is one of the more likely times for snow in Upper Norwood this week, with a 68 percent chance between 6pm and 9pm.
This then increases to a 90 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Wednesday, February 7 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Thursday, February 8 - Just a small possibility of snow on Thursday, with a 29 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Friday, February 9 - There's a 20 percent chance between midnight and 3am, a 57 percent chance between 3am and 6am, and then an 80 percent chance between 6am and 9am.
Shirley
Saturday, February 3 - There's a 30 percent chance of snow between 3pm and 6pm on Saturday, and a 34 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Sunday, February 4 - Sunday is far more likely to see some snow, especially in the early afternoon and evening. There's a 64 percent chance between 12noon and 3pm, and an 86 percent chance between 6pm and 9pm.
Monday, February 5 - No chance of snow according to the percentage chart.
Tuesday, February 6 - But Tuesday evening is in severe danger of seeing snow, with a 95 percent chance between 6pm and 9pm, which decreases slightly to a 90 percent chance between 9pm and midnight.
Wednesday, February 7 - And there may well be some snow left over from Tuesday if the forecast is correct, as there is a 95 percent chance of seeing some snow between 6am and 9am.
Thursday, February 8 - But this likelihood drops on Thursday, and no snow is expected during the day. But the evening could see a flurry or two, with a 50 percent chance of snow between 9pm and midnight
Friday, February 9 - And as with much of Croydon, Friday morning could well be set for a shower or two, and the likelihood of this increases throughout the morning.
Between midnight and 3am there's a 27 percent chance of snow, which increases to 60 percent between 3am and 6am. This will then once again increase to 90 percent between 6am and 9am.
So a potentially snowy week ahead in Croydon, so be sure to wrap up warm, as those temperatures are not going to be high.
FILE - In this Tuesday, March 21, 2017, file photo, William C. Dudley, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, speaks during a panel discussion at The Bank of England in London. In an interview with The Associated Press, Dudley indicated that the Fed will likely make an announcement at its September 2017 meeting that it is ready to start reducing its massive bond portfolio, a move expected to put upward pressure on long-term interest rates including home mortgages. Kirsty Wigglesworth, Pool, File AP Photo
Wall Street equity benchmarks are poised to retreat from records at the open Friday as the U.S. economy posted its first monthly decline in jobs in about seven years as job creation was slammed by a series of hurricanes in the Gulf Coast and Florida. See full story.
Tesla's Elon Musk is ‘full of crap' on self-driving cars — according to a GM exec
Bulls can't complain if the S&P ends lower on this jobs day, given the gauge hasn't closed in the red for nearly two weeks. Meanwhile, today's call comes from a GM exec who isn't buying a key Tesla claim. See full story.
Traders focus on fatter paychecks, ignore payrolls drop in jobs report
For financial markets, the September jobs report was all about a jump in wage growth as investors looked through a hurricane-distorted fall in payrolls. See full story.
The economy and markets can be OK even when the president is a moron
The economy and the markets can be OK even when the president is a moron, writes Tim Mullaney. See full story.
Weekend roundup: Stocks ‘melt up' | How to survive if they melt down | Ultimate retirement advice
Here are MarketWatch articles to read this weekend. See full story.
Tom Jurich is currently on paid leave after Adidas allegedly paid a high schooler's family $100,000 so the teen would attend Louisville. See full story.
Irish sailor Enda O'Coineen dropped out of the Vendée Glove solo race on Sunday. Frenchman Armel Le Cléac'h is still leading the yachting competition.
Irish Vendée Globe sailor Enda O'Coineen said Sunday he was devastated but uninjured after the mast of his boat broke south-east of New Zealand.
O'Coineen's Kilcullen Voyager-Team Ireland boat dismasted as he was racing 180 nautical miles south east of Dunedin.
O'Coineen, 61, was the first Irishman to compete in the non-stop, solo around the world race.
"I have to laugh because if I don't I will cry," he said "I am devastated. Things were going quite well. I was in good shape. Having got this far I felt we could handle anything. I am mastless, the deck was holed. It is not a happy situation but there it is, you roll the dice."
O'Coineen was sailing in 15th position with 19 competitors left in the race which set sail from the French Atlantic port of Les Sables d'Olonne on 6 November.
The Irishman was positioned 6,600 nautical miles behind French leader Armel Le Cléac'h on board Banque populaire VIII.
At 12.00 GMT on Monday, Frenchman Armel Le Cléac'h wasat 4,652 nautical miles from finish with British sailor Alex Thomson following him at 150 nutical miles.
Kildare gardai are appealing for information after a house was raided in Kildangan on May 25 last.
A rear window was forced open and the house was ransacked.
Nothing appears to be had been taken.
Contact Kildare gardai with any information.
ST. LUCIA-TOURISM-St. Lucia pleased with “amazing” tourist arrivals so far this
CASTRIES, St. Lucia, Aug 14, CMC – St. Lucia has r... You are unauthorized to view this page. Username Password Remember Me Reset Password
The Oak Ridge Police Department will be conducting a Citizen Police Academy this year. Classes will start February 27 and continue through May 8, 2018. (Memorial Day is excluded.) Applications will be accepted until February 21, 2018, at 5 p.m.
Class will be held on Tuesday of each week with the exception of two sessions that will be conducted on Saturday. Each class will start at 6 p.m. and end at 9 p.m. The Saturday classes will be scheduled to fit the needs of the students.
Students will learn the policies and procedures of the Oak Ridge Police Department and experience firsthand how the department operates. The mission of the Citizens' Police Academy is to debunk myths about law enforcement as well as open lines of communication between officers and civilians. Citizens will know their officers and understand the challenges the job brings.
Students will learn through classroom lecture and hands-on experience, as well as real life scenarios and role play. Students will also participate in a ride along with officers during a patrol shift and observe how officers provide police services to the Oak Ridge community. Students will be exposed to the same training received by all Oak Ridge Police Officers.
The academy is open to adults age 18 and up. Selection will be on a first come, first served basis. However, if the class becomes full, priority will be given to Oak Ridge residents.
Due to the law enforcement-sensitive training and handling of weapons, a criminal history check will be done by the department. A release of liability form will be required for admission to the program.
Applications and required releases can be accessed online and printed at home or picked up in the records division of the police department. Applications can be submitted by mail or dropped off in person. The mailing address for the Oak Ridge Police Department is: 200 S. Tulane Ave., P.O. Box 1, Oak Ridge, TN 37830. Please add “Attention: Barry Bunch” to any mailings.
Applicants will be informed of acceptance into the program and given specific times and locations for class. Officer Bunch can be reached for questions by phone or email using the contacts below.
Barry Bunch
Oak Ridge Police Department
Community Resource Officer
bbunch@oakridgetn.gov
865-556-6696
Welcome to the working world of 2017, where patience and conformity will not be seen as virtues. You are going to have to think critically and act quickly to succeed, regardless of your field. Find that intimidating? No worries — here's a new crop of books to guide you through the year.
For those tired of the office bully
As if one type of workplace bully weren't enough, it turns out that there are actually four kinds — and chances are you'll encounter at least one of them. Telling them off or waiting for human resources to fire them isn't a strategy; knowing what kind of sociopath you are dealing with and having a corresponding plan of action is.
“The Bully-Proof Workplace” (out March 17, McGraw-Hill Education) authors Peter Dean and Molly Shepard teach readers how to discern between bully types — there's the Braggart, the Belier, the Blocker and the Brute — and then offer methods, including conversation scripts, on how to deal with each.
For those who have recently been promoted
You know the saying, “If you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all”? That might work in your social life, but if you've been made a manager in the corporate world, it's a formula for disaster — not just for you, but for the people you supervise, too. At least that's the theory of CEO coach and former Google executive Kim Scott in “Radical Candor: Be a Kickass Boss Without Losing Your Humanity” (out March 14, St. Martin's Press). Scott's advice is that bosses need to both care for their employees and challenge them directly. Her tips for criticism are easy to apply — for example, don't say, “you're wrong,” say, “that's wrong,” to get your point across without making it a personal attack.
For those perplexed by Generation Z
“Kids” who were born in 1995 will enter the workplace en masse this summer, and they're bringing with them a whole new set of values, preferences and motivations. Generational expert David Stillman and his son Jonah offer a close look at the 72.8-million-member post-millennial generation in “Gen Z @ Work” (out March 21, HarperBusiness). According to their discoveries, this group cares more about working Wi-Fi than working toilets; they want to create their own job titles, such as Office Ninja; and forgo those annual reviews, they want daily feedback — but for no more than five minutes at a time.
For those who don't believe in corporate ladders
Forget everything you know about getting ahead. There's a new formula: step up, stand out, kick ass, repeat. At least that's the theory Sarah Robb O'Hagan espouses in her forthcoming book “Extreme You” (out April 4, HarperBusiness). The former Equinox president and executive — who is also credited for making Gatorade “cool” again — contends that playing it safe doesn't cut it in today's world. If you want to make it big, you're going to have to climb high without a safety net. And if you fall, as O'Hagan suspects you will, she offers inspiration and tips for getting up. And they're not just theory: She was fired twice as a rising manager in her 20s.
For those who can't pick a profession
You've gone to law school, made short films, play in a band and design Web sites — but you haven't been able to settle into a particular career. Ignore the critics who say you can't focus and consider that you may be a multi-potentialite. Or, in other words, someone who has many interests and creative pursuits. In “How To Be Everything” (out May 2, HarperCollins), multi-potentialite Emilie Wapnick — whose TEDx Talk “Why Some of Us Don't Have One True Calling,” has been viewed more than 3 million times — offers a guidebook for those who don't want to be just one thing.
WEST MILTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Brookville Blue Devils visiting Milton Union for a battle against the Bulldogs.
The opening kick is a squibber on the return the ball is stripped. The fumble is smothered by Michael Whitmer, which is a big recovery for the sophomore linebacker.
The Blue Devils able to answer with a 19 yard touchdown run.
This was a close game but Brookville wins this one 49 to 35.
LAWRENCEVILLE, Ga. (AP) — Police say a man has been charged with felony murder in the strangling a woman and her 2-year-old son at a home in suburban Atlanta.
Gwinnett County Police spokeswoman Cpl. Michele Pihera says 32-year-old Brandon Williams was arrested at a gas station after the deaths Sunday night. The mother died Monday morning at a hospital, a day after her son's death.
Pihera says the homeowner told police that Williams is his son and that the suspect choked the child and women who was renting a room at the home. Police say the homeowner was working outside on a car during the attack.
Williams was taken to the Gwinnett County Detention Center and is being held without bond. It's unclear if he has an attorney.
The victims' names have not been released.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
People 'cheated' on their partners with these Netflix shows Netflix is notoriously tight-lipped about its viewership numbers, but the streaming giant has recently released some juicy information about the way people watch its shows. In its roundup of 2017's...
Today's TV shows are making us feel like crap “Stranger Things,” the popular Netflix series that dropped its second season last Friday, is known for its '80s sci-fi twists and turns. But the biggest shocker so far comes during...
Wildfires shut down '13 Reasons Why' production The unplanned hiatus has been extended for two more days since fires have not been contained in Northern California.
James pulls drama double duty with '13 Reasons Why' and 'Unabomber' It's been a busy (and buzzy) year on television for veteran actor Brian d'Arcy James. First up was his role on the watercooler Netflix series “13 Reasons Why” as Andy...
'13 Reasons Why' triggers uptick in suicide searches online CHICAGO – A popular TV series that showed a teen ending her life may have triggered a surge in online searches for suicide, including how to do it. That's according...
How this cult Brit band became a key part of '13 Reasons Why' Thirty years ago, Echo and the Bunnymen frontman Ian McCulloch got a call from Joel Schumacher. The Hollywood director was working on a new vampire movie called “The Lost Boys”...
Families blame '13 Reasons Why' for teen daughters' suicides Two California families are putting the blame on the hit Netflix show “13 Reasons Why” for the recent suicides of their teenage daughters, according to a report. The young girls,...
Mom blames teacher promoting '13 Reasons Why' for son's suicide attempt A Florida mom says a teacher's recommendation students watch the controversial show “13 Reasons Why” led to her son attempting to take his life. The mom from Clay County claimed...
'13 Reasons Why' actor addresses show's controversy "I just hope in the big picture that something positive comes out of it," Tom Everett Scott told Page Six.
After one month… Police silent on whiskey smuggling allegation against colleague
Today is exactly one month since detectives completed their investigation into the alleged smuggling of Johnny Walker whiskey by former SWAT Commander, Deputy Superintendent, Motie Dookie, and sent the file off for legal advice.
Ranks are now waiting on the file before they proceed with the case. The file was passed to the Crime Chief, Paul Williams, before it was sent to the Guyana Police Force (GPF) Legal advisor.
It is unclear why the file is taking so long, a source said. He said that similar matters usually take less than a week.
Kaieteur News understands that the Guyana Revenue Authority (GRA) and the Police Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) are also conducting investigations into the smuggling of more than 30 cases of whiskey.
Yesterday, calls were made to the Crime Chief; to Minister of Public Security, Khemraj Ramjattan and to the Assistant Commissioner of Police, David Ramnarine to find out the exact location of the file but no one answered.
Due to the lengthy period of the probe, many are worried that Dookie might walk free—again. During the Deputy Superintendent of Police tenure in the force, several matters were reportedly thrown under the carpet, including one where he created a fake certificate to enter a training programme.
At present, the former SWAT Commander is on his annual leave. On December 30, last, Dookie was reportedly travelling in a minibus with its driver when the vehicle was stopped at a roadblock at Whim, Corentyne.
Before a search was carried out on the minibus, Dookie reportedly identified himself to ranks and informed them that he had one case of whiskey in the vehicle. He claimed he was taking the whiskey for an Old Year's Night party in the city.
However, the head of the police patrol opted to search the vehicle and found more than the solitary case Dookie declared. The former SWAT Commander and the driver were immediately placed under arrest. During the investigation, Dookie allegedly told ranks that knew nothing of the alcohol and had only begged the driver for a drop.
The driver subsequently admitted ownership of the whiskey.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has announced that she is calling for an early election on June 8, describing it as the "only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead" as the U.K. prepares to negotiate its exit from the European Union.
The decision was immediately welcomed by the head of the Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn. He called it a "chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first."
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, who opposes Brexit, said May's Conservative Party is trying to "move the UK to the right, force through a hard Brexit and impose deeper cuts."
May made the surprise announcement in televised remarks in front of 10 Downing Street. In order to hold a vote ahead of the next scheduled general election in 2020, she will need the backing of Parliament, the BBC reports.
The Conservative party currently holds a small majority in the House of Commons, with 330 of its 650 seats.
"At this moment of enormous national significance, there should be unity here in Westminster," the Conservative leader said. "But instead, there is division," May added, accusing other political parties of weakening the government's leverage with the E.U.
"What they are doing jeopardizes the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home, and it weakens the government's negotiating position in Europe," May added. "If we do not hold a general election now, their political game-playing will continue, and the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election."
Watch May's remarks here:
Last month, May triggered the process that began the U.K.'s formal departure from the European Union. British voters made the surprise decision to leave the bloc in a referendum last June.
She emphasized the urgency to hold an election. "[W]e have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done, while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin."
May appeared to challenge her political opponents: "Tomorrow, let the House of Commons vote for an election. Let everybody put forward their proposals for Brexit and their programs for government, and let us remove the risk of uncertainty and instability and continue to give the country the strong and stable leadership it demands."
She said she came to this conclusion "only recently, and reluctantly." She had previously denied that she was considering any election prior to the next one scheduled.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Storms moved across Central Indiana on Wednesday evening, and one cloud captured the attention of some Hoosier photographers.
Click here to take a look at viewers' photos submitted via the Report It page.
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz.
GUEST: Leonid Bershidsky, Bloomberg View columnist, on Putin's election win, and Russia's recent attacks on the West.
Running time 06:31
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Saturday claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into his campaign's possible Russia ties. But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and his allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry.
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI, when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a onetime Trump campaign associate, relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats. At the same time, the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier, and was “triggered” by information involving a different campaign aide.
Christopher Steele, the former spy who compiled the allegations, acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments. But he also was a “longtime FBI source” with a credible track record, according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and his staff.
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request, but was approved by a judge on four occasions, the memo says, and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department, Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general.
Trump, however, tweeted from Florida, where he was spending the weekend, that the memo puts him in the clear.
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” he said. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo. As a result, the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited.
Some Republicans are citing the memo, released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department, in their arguments that the Mueller investigation is politically tainted.
A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture.
“Having decided to cherry-pick, the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative,” Matthew Waxman, a Columbia University professor and former Bush administration official, wrote in an email.
The memo's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors, in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page's communications, failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI's suspicion had been partially funded by Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee.
Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer.
Republicans say a judge should have known that “political actors” were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation he has consistently and strenuously denied.
Steele's research, according to the memo, “formed an essential part” of the warrant application. But it's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele was working for Fusion GPS, a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump. Steele didn't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding.
The FBI this week expressed “grave concerns” about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work.
For one, Democrats said Friday that it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research.
Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016, months before the surveillance warrant was sought, and was “triggered” by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos. He pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI and is cooperating with Mueller's investigation.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump's inner circle, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence.
The memo focuses on Page, but Democrats on the House committee said “this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with, or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier, and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture.”
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias. The warrant requested was renewed on three additional occasions, meaning that judges approved it four times. One of the Justice Department officials who signed off on it was Rosenstein, a Trump appointee.
Trump, who lambasted the FBI and Justice Department on Twitter, was asked if he was more likely to fire Rosenstein and if he still had confidence in the official. The president simply said, “You figure that one out.”
The memo had been classified because it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release.
That disclosure is extraordinary because it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. The release is likely to further escalate the conflict between the White House and Trump's law enforcement leaders.
Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo's disclosure, arguing it could set a dangerous precedent.
The memo's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation. His probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
Just because you know you can take what you want does not mean you have to take it. The planets warn if you go to extremes this week you will regret it later on, so resist the temptation to use the power you have for selfish ends.
NEW YORK - High-ranking officials of the United States and North Korea met in New York late on Wednesday in the first of two days of talks about the future of Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program and a possible summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol, a close aide of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, met for about 90 minutes over dinner and exited without providing any detailed remarks to reporters waiting outside.
Looking forward to meeting with Kim Yong Chol in New York to discuss @Potus potential summit with Chairman Kim. We are committed to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula @StateDept — Secretary Pompeo (@SecPompeo) May 30, 2018
Pompeo would only say that the dinner "was great" and that the two men dined on "American beef."It was not yet known whether the two men made any progress toward narrowing long-standing differences between Washington and Pyongyang that could end decades of hostile relations.Earlier in the day, the White House left open the possibility of a Trump-Kim summit on June 12 in Singapore, despite Trump's cancellation of the meeting just days ago As the dinner was underway inside an apartment on New York's East Side, just south of the United Nations, a senior State Department official separately briefed reporters on the high-level talks that were underway.Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol, vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party's Central Committee, "are trying to get to know each other" following their two initial meetings this year in North Korea, said the US official who asked not to be identified.The official added that before any summit between the two leaders can occur, Pyongyang is "going to have to make clear what they are willing to do" amid demands from Washington that North Korea permanently end its nuclear weapons program.Trump, the official said, "can make a fly or no-fly decision anytime he wants," referring to the possible unprecedented Singapore summit.If not enough progress is made to lead to a productive meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, the official said, "We will ramp up the pressure on them and we'll be ready for the day that hopefully they are ready.”Shortly before Wednesday's dinner, Pompeo repeated the Trump administration's bottom-line demand on Twitter:Trump last week called off the summit after North Korea expressed anger at comments by senior U.S. officials. But Trump later said he was reconsidering his position and US, North Korean and South Korean officials have gone ahead with summit preparations.The White House said on Wednesday that negotiations at the demilitarized zone along the border between North and South Korea for the summit were going well.Separately on Wednesday at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii, Admiral Harry Harris, the outgoing head of US Pacific Command who is Trump's pick to be the ambassador to South Korea, said North Korea remained the United States' most imminent threat. "And a nuclear-capable North Korea with missiles that can reach the United States is unacceptable," Harris said.Earlier, a US official said negotiations about the summit's agenda have so far been slow going, and the two fundamental issues, the definition of North Korean denuclearization and whether both sides would take actions at the same time or separately, remained unsettled.'DENUCLEARIZATION'Trump has sworn not to allow North Korea to develop nuclear missiles that could hit the United States and wants North Korea to "denuclearize," or get rid of its nuclear arms.But the leadership in Pyongyang is believed to regard nuclear weapons as crucial to its survival and has rejected unilaterally disarming.The Trump administration, according to US officials, has left open the possibility of North Korea eventually getting US aid and investments if Pyongyang agrees to complete denuclearization.North Korea's position going into the meetings with Pompeo was that a pledge of denuclearization alone should open the way to economic relief, said the official who briefed reporters earlier on Thursday and spoke on condition of anonymity.South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted Seoul's Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon as saying in a speech on Wednesday that the differences between North Korea and the United States on the denuclearization issue remained “quite significant” and it would not be easy to narrow the gap.However, Cho added that the engagement of the leaders of the two countries meant “chances are high that common ground can be found."Kim Yong Chol is the most senior North Korean official to meet top officials for talks in the United States since Jo Myong Rok, a vice marshal, met then-President Bill Clinton at the White House in 2000.A former military spy chief, he has played a central role in the thaw in relations over the past six months between North Korea and South Korea, as well as the United States.North Korea defends its nuclear and missile programs as a deterrent against what it sees as US ambitions to overthrow its leadership and unite the Korean Peninsula. The United States stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-1953 Korean War.
Isn't this lovely? (See photo)
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp has termed Sunday's Premier League meeting with Tottenham Hotspur as a 'six-point' clash but believes his team hold the advantage with the game being played at Anfield.
In-form Liverpool are unbeaten in 14 league games but face a tough challenge against a Tottenham team high on confidence after their dominant 2-0 win over second-placed Manchester United in midweek.
"These are 'six-point' games and the only advantage one team can have in a situation like this is to play at home, at Anfield in this case," Klopp said.
"That's really good and I'm looking forward to it."
Liverpool is third in the league with 50 points and ahead of champions Chelsea on goal difference while Tottenham are two points behind as they target a Champions League spot.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
WASHINGTON — A federal judge ruled Tuesday against the Trump administration's decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation, calling the Department of Homeland Security's rationale against the program “arbitrary and capricious.”
U.S. District Judge John D. Bates in Washington wrote that the decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, known as DACA, “was unlawful and must be set aside.”
Bates wrote that DHS' decision “was predicated primarily on its legal judgment that the program was unlawful. That legal judgment was virtually unexplained, however, and so it cannot support the agency's decision.”
Bates gave DHS 90 days to “better explain its view that DACA is unlawful.” If the department cannot come up with a better explanation, he wrote, it “must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications.”
DACA allowed immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally as children, known as Dreamers, to stay and work legally under renewable permits. President Donald Trump announced last year that he would end the program started by President Barack Obama. It was officially rescinded in March, but DHS is continuing to issue renewals because of previous court orders.
Bates' ruling Tuesday night comes in a pair of cases whose lead plaintiffs are the NAACP and Princeton University. He is the third judge to rule against administration plans to end the program.
The man suspected of killing at least 10 people on Monday by plowing a rented white van down crowded Toronto sidewalks appeared in court Tuesday morning and has been charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
And the Toronto police officer who arrested Alek Minassian, who during a tense standoff repeatedly yelled that he wanted the officer to shoot him, is receiving wide praise for his restraint. The CBC says the officer has been identified as Constable Ken Lam.
In video shot by bystanders, the suspect stands next to the battered white van and draws what looks to be a weapon (police later said he had no weapon on him, according to the Toronto Star).
The officer is pointing a gun at him. "Get down!" Lam is heard saying. "Kill me!" says the suspect, claiming that he has a gun in his pocket. "I don't care, get down!" the officer replies. "Get down or you'll be shot."
"Shoot me in the head," the suspect says. The officer continues to urge him to get down. Seconds later, the video shows the suspect on the ground as the officer puts him in handcuffs. Lam did not fire any shots.
Mike McCormack, president of the Toronto Police Association, said he believes the officer prevented further carnage, the Star reports.
"He's shaken up by the whole thing, and shaken up by the magnitude. He said, 'You know, I was just doing my job,' " McCormack said. "He's been confronted by someone who is making like he has a weapon, threatening the officer's life, trying to get the officer to shoot him, and he arrests that guy."
Ralph Goodale, Canada's minister of public safety and emergency preparedness, said on Twitter that he was "grateful for the brave and professional response of @TorontoPolice and other first responders to the horrific attack at Yonge and Finch," the streets where the attack took place.
Star columnist Rosie DiManno describes the officer as "remarkably composed."
"All the fingerprints of suicide by cop," she writes. "But the officer didn't shoot and the suspect dropped to his knees, flinging his arms in the air."
DiManno adds: "On a day of many heroes, that brave cop is at the top of the list, along with the many first responders, paramedics and hospital resources stretched to the limits."
The CBC reports that this incident "stands in contrast to footage of other police takedowns in Toronto that haven't ended peacefully." Here's more:
"The Toronto Police Service was widely criticized for its handling of the Sammy Yatim case in 2013 that led to Const. James Forcillo's conviction for attempted murder in the shooting death of the 18-year-old. Forcillo is appealing his sentence of six years in prison. ... "Members of the Toronto Police Services Board passed a motion in February to issue hundreds of more conducted energy weapons (CEWs), or Tasers, to certain on-duty constables. The move is billed as a way to help the police force achieve a goal of zero deaths when it comes to interactions between the public and police. "Part of the approved motion also requires the TPS to conduct a review of other use-of-force options and gather input from the public and affected groups."
The motive in Monday's van attack is unclear, although police told reporters yesterday that they believe the rampage was deliberate. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday that there is no evidence the incident "has a national security element," according to the CBC.
While the NCAA tournament moves on to the Sweet Sixteen and Elite 8, gamers have some interesting new options as Sea of Thieves arrives on PC and Xbox One, and the co-op escape game A Way Out goes on sale with an unusual twist -- as long as you buy it, you can play with a friend even if they haven't. On TV, Syfy drops its Superman prequel series Krypton and Portlandia wraps up its series run. Netflix has a busy release schedule this week, with the hip-hop biopic Roxanne, Roxanne, as well as a movie starring the Workaholics guys: Game Over, Man!. For movie fans there's Jumanji available in 4K, and the F1 series starts Sunday morning on ESPN. Look after the break to check out each day's highlights, including trailers and let us know what you think (or what we missed).
Israel's largest telecom company, Bezeq, announced on Monday that its CEO Stella Handler would formally step down on July 1st amid an ongoing police investigation involving Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's aides.
Last month, Bezeq named Yaakov Paz as interim CEO to replace Handler – who was at the time under house arrest – as she and other Bezeq executives were being investigated by the police and the Israel Securities Authority.
Handler was arrested in February on suspicion of bribery, fraud, breach of trust and other securities offenses. She was released by a judge on the condition that Handler be barred from the Bezeq premises for a month.“After completing a five-year term at Bezeq and having the ownership of the company be changed, and light of the investigations and the circumstances, I've decided to resign from my position,” Handler said in a corporate statement. “This is the right thing to do, both on a personal level and for Bezeq.”As Bezeq's CEO since 2013, Handler oversaw Bezeq's installation of high-speed, fiber optic cables across the center of the country. The company plans to expand that infrastructure to the periphery.Handler also led the company's acquisition of satellite TV unit Yes in 2015. Bezeq had sought to acquire Yes in order to bundle cable TV, phone and internet services together – allowing the company to compete with its rival HOT. HandlerBezeq acquired Yes from Eurocom – a company controlled by brothers Shaul and Yosef Elovitch. The Elovitches are also major shareholders in Bezeq – raising questions of a conflict of interest and leading to a police probe.In what is dubbed Case 4000, or the Bezeq-media case, the prime minister is alleged to have ordered top aide Shlomo Filber – who he appointed as director-general of the Communications Ministry – to issue favorable rulings for Bezeq. That includes getting anti-trust regulators to approve Bezeq's merger with Yes.In exchange, Bezeq's news site – Walla! – is accused of granting positive coverage to Netanyahu and his wife, with the prime minister's aide Nir Hefetz managing the contact. Hefetz has become a state witness and is testifying against his former boss.On the other side, owner of Walla! and controlling shareholder and former chairman of Bezeq, Shaul Elovitch, is said to have coordinated the coverage.Elovitch – a friend of the prime minister – was arrested alongside Handler and other Bezeq officials. He has stepped down from the board, acquiescing to demands from shareholders amid the criminal probes.In separate developments, a battle has been brewing for weeks over who will be appointed to Bezeq's board of directors. Activist investor Elliot Advisors has publicly spoken out against names proposed by the Bezeq parent company, signaling a struggle over the firm's direction.In January, Elliot Advisors demanded the immediate resignation of some members of Bezeq's board, in a call for corporate governance reform.Bezeq's interim CEO, Paz, has worked at Bezeq for the past 11 years. He was previously vice president and head of the utility's business division.The company's stock was down 1.65% as of 2:15pm Israel time.
Justin Thomas and Jordan Spieth have been close friends for most of their lives, with the latter proving it with an epic slap on the butt after Thomas's PGA Championship win.
Jordan Spieth sneaks in the congratulatory slap on the ass for Justin Thomas pic.twitter.com/GrnJn5gHRp — CJ Fogler (@cjzero) August 13, 2017
Thomas was asked by Dan Patrick about that slap, and he said his post-tournament life was a blur for three hours. That led to a discussion of Spieth and Thomas pranking each other:
Thomas won't say how many times Spieth has hit him in the groin, which is funny because he tapped his caddie in the groin after winning the British Open.
Then, Thomas says he pranked Spieth a bunch during his rookie year, and then found out that why he shouldn't do that:
“He got me back really good by moving my car from the courtesy car lot into a different lot because I parked in his parking lot. … That's the thing about Jordan, he's going to go over the top and overreact, so I kind of can't go there with him. He's like that six-year-old, your little brother, when you kind of push him, he retaliates a lot worse. So I kind of don't want to go there anymore with him.”
Take note, PGA Tour golfers, if you haven't felt Spieth's wrath already.
Last week, the UN World Food Program said Yemen is on the brink of “ full-scale famine ,” and classified seven million people in the country as “severely food insecure.” Scott Paul, a senior policy adviser at Oxfam, said “The likeliest scenario for the Hodeidah operation, involving a lengthy or indefinite closure of the port, would precipitate famine in parts of Yemen over a matter of months, costing many thousands of lives.”
Many of Yemen's cities and towns have been decimated in the two-year conflict, which began after Houthi rebels seized the capital of Sanaa and other cities. A Saudi-led bombing campaign to dislodge the rebels and fighting on the ground has resulted in at least 10,000 deaths and major food shortages.
It's unclear where that four-to-six week figure came from. One senior Pentagon official who wasn't present at the meeting told BuzzFeed News that such expectations were unrealistic — and that retaking the port “could take months.”
But aid groups view that forecast as wildly optimistic and fear that the Pentagon is attempting to understate the complexity of the mission in order to win support for it inside the Trump administration.
During the meeting on Thursday, convened at the request of aid agencies, a Pentagon official tried to ease those concerns by floating the possibility that the operation could be “clean” and result in the Saudis taking full control of the port in “four-to-six weeks.”
The Defense Department is in favor of providing logistical and intelligence support for an ambitious operation led by the UAE military to retake the Houthi-controlled city of Hodeida. But key bureaus inside the State Department and the US Agency for International Development oppose the initiative, believing it will trigger a full-blown famine in the country by closing the port where most of the humanitarian aid in the impoverished country enters.
The Pentagon advanced its case for a controversial US-backed military assault on a strategic port city in Yemen last week to a room of State Department officials and skeptical humanitarian aid groups, BuzzFeed News has learned.
Jamal Mujalli al-Mashriqi, 4, who suffers from malnutrition, sits on a bed at a hospital in the northwestern Yemeni city of Saada.
The governments of Saudi Arabia and the UAE want to control the Hodeida port because it is an entry point of supplies to Houthi militants — an Iranian-backed rebel movement that the Saudi-led coalition has been fighting for two years.
Many officials inside the Pentagon, including Secretary of Defense James Mattis. view support for the Saudi coalition as fulfilling President Donald Trump's directive to push back against Iranian influence in the Middle East.
Last month, the National Security Council scheduled a meeting to address a memo sent by Mattis to the White House saying that “limited support” for the Hodeida operation would help push back against a “common threat,” The Washington Post reported.
The meeting of US officials and aid groups last week took place at the State Department's headquarters in Foggy Bottom. US officials informed aid groups that their humanitarian concerns were being debated at the highest levels of government. But one aid group left the meeting with the belief that the US is intent on going forward with the operation despite the objections.
The Pentagon declined to comment on upcoming operations.
It's unclear if Trump will break with his predecessor and authorize the operation. The White House declined to comment on any decisions made during the March NSC meeting. The position of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is also unclear.
Late last year, Barack Obama's White House rejected an Emirati proposal to help recapture the Hodeida port due to concerns about the difficulty of repelling well-equipped Houthi rebels and fears that it would exacerbate the already dire humanitarian situation.
At the time, the Pentagon's push for White House approval failed due to opposition from USAID and some divisions inside the State Department, namely the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor and the Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration.
“USAID has always said this operation would take a country that's been on a knife's edge of famine for the past two years and tip it over,” Jeremy Konyndyk, who left USAID as director of foreign disaster assistance in January, told BuzzFeed News.
Other areas of the State Department, such as the Near East Affairs Bureau, are more supportive of the operation, said a former US official.
These same battle lines over the operation exist within the Trump administration, but the interagency power dynamics have shifted significantly.
Trump granted the Pentagon broad authority to conduct operations in the Middle East — and has touted the policy as an important break from the Obama administration. “I authorize my military,” Trump told reporters Thursday as he heralded the Defense Department's successes in the last eight weeks. “We have given them full authorization.”
Meanwhile, the civilian agencies that previously pushed back against the Defense Department's proposal are lacking leadership due to vacancies left by Obama-era political appointees. The White House has yet to appoint an administrator for USAID or assistant secretaries for Democracy, Rights and Labor and Population, Refugees and Migration.
“It's tough when you've got USAID without a single political appointee,” said Konyndyk, the former USAID director. “Last time the White House sided with us, but USAID's ability to advocate in the interagency process is less than what it was.”
When asked if Tillerson backs the view of his subordinates who oppose the operation, a State Department official did not directly address the question. “The U.S. government is concerned about the grave humanitarian situation in Yemen and urges all sides to allow unfettered access for shipments of humanitarian aid and food to the Yemeni people,” the official said. “An enduring solution will come through a comprehensive peace deal, which will require compromise from all sides, for the good of the Yemeni people.”
In the two years of fighting, both the Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis have been blamed for holding up aid shipments intended for malnourished civilians. But aid workers said crucial aid shipments are still moving through Hodeida, though that is not likely to continue if a military operation is undertaken.
When the Saudi coalition recaptured Aden in 2015, humanitarian aid couldn't get through the port for four months. Aid experts and military analysts fear the Hodeida operation could result in even longer delays.
“The real issue is that even if the operation goes well, aid is still not going to pour into northern Yemen since the al Houthi-Saleh forces will continue to hold the roads, making distribution of the aid a challenge,” said Katherine Zimmerman, a Yemen analyst at the American Enterprise Institute.
“I don't think the al Houthi-Saleh forces will let the city go without a good fight,” she added.
Nancy Youssef contributed reporting.
Sports News of Tuesday, 15 August 2017
Source: sportsobama.com
2017-08-15
Vincent Atinga
Ghana coach Kwesi Appiah has handed call ups to Vincent Atinga, Ahmed Adams and Emmanuel Ampiah ahead of the team's second leg Championship of African Nations (CHAN) qualifier against Burkina Faso.
The trio will join the team in camp as they prepare for the return leg of the qualifier at the Baba Yara Sports Stadium on Sunday.
Atinga has been awarded with a maiden Black Stars call-up following his remarkable displays for Hearts of Oak in the Ghana League likewise Asante Kotoko silky defender Ahmed Adams and Elmina Sharks midfielder.
The team arrived in Ghana on Sunday afternoon after securing a 2-2 draw with Burkina Faso in the first leg match played in Ouagadougou.
Want to receive this post in your inbox every afternoon? Sign up here.
President Donald Trump spent the weekend tweeting about the criminal probe by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, calling out the former FBI director by name and renewing fears he's preparing to fire him. (Trump did take a break from tweeting to call for executing drug dealers.) Meanwhile, a new study found that 12 percent of U.S. drivers are addicted to their phones and a grim, driverless milestone was reached: An autonomous car fatally struck a pedestrian. —Josh Petri
Here's what Michael Flynn could tell the Russia investigators. The former national security adviser mingled business with government. That could help Mueller look for similar overlaps among Trump insiders.
Apple is secretly designing and producing its own device displays for the first time. It's a significant investment in the development of next-generation MicroLED screens, which are far more difficult to produce than current OLED displays.
Eight months after Elon Musk handed over the first sets of keys to Tesla's Model 3 sedans, the reviews are coming in. Here's what drivers love and hate about the pivotal car.
As European discounters expand and Amazon moves in, supermarket bankruptcies are beginning to pile up. It's a bleak outlook for a sector that was supposed to be rebounding.
A self-driving car from Uber Technologies hit and killed a woman in Tempe, Arizona on Sunday evening, in what's likely to be the first pedestrian fatality involving a driverless vehicle.
Fear that Facebook's latest black eye will touch off a regulatory avalanche sent the tech-heavy Nasdaq indexes to the steepest losses in six weeks. The social media giant tumbled the most since 2015 after reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of users without their consent.
As storms get bigger, building codes are getting weaker. Across the U.S., fierce lobbying from home builders and rising anti-regulatory sentiment among state officials are combining to weaken building codes. The trend leaves residents more vulnerable to climate change and the government struggling to cope with record disaster costs.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
(AP Photo/Don Wright). Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco (5) throws a pass during the first half of an NFL football game against the Pittsburgh Steelers in Pittsburgh, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017.
(AP Photo/Don Wright). Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Chris Moore (10) catches a touchdown pass from quarterback Joe Flacco with Pittsburgh Steelers strong safety Sean Davis (28) defending during the first half of an NFL football game in Pittsburgh, Su...
(AP Photo/Don Wright). Pittsburgh Steelers outside linebacker James Harrison takes the field for warmups without a shirt on, a tradition that linebacker Ryan Shazier started a few years ago, before an NFL football game against the Baltimore Ravens in P...
(AP Photo/Don Wright). The helmet of Pittsburgh Steelers inside linebacker Ryan Shazier (50) sits on the field after an NFL football game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Baltimore Ravens in Pittsburgh, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. The Steelers won on...
(AP Photo/Don Wright). Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown (84) celebrates a 39-38 win over the Baltimore Ravens in an NFL football game in Pittsburgh, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. The Steelers won the clinched the AFC North Championship with the...
By WILL Grave
AP Sports Writer
PITTSBURGH (AP) - Ben Roethlisberger's record-setting day finished with a carry just as valuable as any of the franchise-record 66 passes he threw.
As the Pittsburgh Steelers poured onto the Heinz Field turf to celebrate a frantic 39-38 victory over Baltimore that wrapped up their third AFC North title in four years, Roethlisberger grabbed the familiar No. 50 jersey of injured linebacker Ryan Shazier and joined in the party.
An emotionally draining week for the Steelers ended with Shazier recovering from spinal surgery in a nearby hospital but still very much in the middle of things. Just like always.
"We love our brother," Roethlisberger said. "We wanted to get this one for him, and I'm glad we did."
Barely.
The Steelers (11-2) blew an early 14-point lead and found themselves trailing by 11 going into the fourth before exploding for 19 points over the final 15 minutes, the last three coming on Chris Boswell's 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left.
"I think championship teams find ways to win," Roethlisberger said.
Having an offense that is starting to peak after a sleepy start certainly helps. Roethlisberger threw for 506 yards and two scores to become the first player in NFL history to go over 500 yards passing three times in his career. Antonio Brown caught 11 passes for 213 yards to fuel an MVP candidacy that no longer feels so far-fetched, including gains of 57 and 34 yards in the fourth to spark Pittsburgh's comeback and running back Le'Veon Bell finished with 125 total yards and three scores.
"It's an amazing feeling, especially for Ryan Shazier," Brown said. "One of our brothers couldn't be out here today. Obviously, he is watching."
Shazier suffered his injury in the first quarter of a victory over Cincinnati last Monday. He underwent surgery on Wednesday and Roethlisberger visited him on Thursday.
"When you walk in and see him and see the smile and give him a huge, it really has taken that weight off and let us breathe a little easier," Roethlisberger said.
The Steelers have done their best to let Shazier know is very much a part of their run. Linebacker James Harrison borrowed a page from Shazier's pregame routine and warmed up shirtless even with the temperature hovering around freezing. Shazier's helmet and jersey spent the game on the bench and several Steelers wore cleats with a special design featuring Shazier's face and the popular #Shalieve hashtag.
"It was very emotional," linebacker Arthur Moats said. "Any time you can bring something to him that brings him some type of joy, some type of happiness, that's good. At the end of the day we're just trying to make sure he's good."
RAVENS ROCKED
Baltimore (7-6) meanwhile, saw its surge back to contention blunted after its defense spent the fourth quarter fruitlessly chasing Brown from one side of the field to the other.
"This is going to sting for a while," Ravens safety Eric Weddle said. "Especially the guys on defense because we care so much and we hold ourselves to a high standard."
The Ravens certainly didn't meet it after giving up 545 yards to the Steelers. Pittsburgh scored on its last four possessions. It's not like the Steelers were taking advantage of a short field. All eight of their scoring drives went at least 50 yards, including two of 80 or more.
"I think in the fourth quarter the defense dropped the ball tonight," linebacker Terrell Suggs said. "That's kind of been our thing all year, consistency."
SUPER SHOWDOWN
The win sets up the AFC game of the year next Sunday when Tom Brady and the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots visit. New England beat the Steelers twice last season, including a lopsided 36-17 blowout in the AFC title game.
"We're going to give respect where respect is due now," Pittsburgh center Maurkice Pouncey said. "But they're not Superman. They lost this season, right?"
ALL-AROUND EFFORT
Brown, Bell and Roethlisberger hardly did it alone. Boswell has hit four game-winning field goals in the final minute in four of Pittsburgh's past five games. Tight ends Jessie James and Vance McDonald combined for 14 receptions for 149 yards. Even fullback Roosevelt Nix got in on the act, scoring his first career touchdown on a 1-yard reception in which he basically pulled the ball off Baltimore safety Tony Jefferson's chest as they tussled in the end zone.
"AB is gonna do what he does, I'm going to do what I do, Ben's gonna do what he does," Bell said. "But it's the guys who don't get the credit always that are the ones making the plays."
UP NEXT
Baltimore: Needs to win out if it wants to reach the postseason. The good news? Their final three opponents are a combined 8-34, including the 0-13 Cleveland Browns, who the Ravens visit next Sunday.
Pittsburgh: The Steelers have beaten Brady at Heinz Field just once in his career, a victory in the 2011 regular season.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MONTREAL — The self-styled Prince of Pot has pleaded guilty to trafficking cannabis and will pay a $5,000 fine.
The charge against Marc Emery stemmed from the opening of Cannabis Culture boutiques in Montreal in December 2016.
Two other charges of possession and conspiracy were dropped.
The prosecution says it's an appropriate sentence that was negotiated over months.
The shops were only open for a few hours before police shut them down.
Emery tweeted earlier Wednesday he would plead guilty and pay a fine.
In a brief exchange later with reporters at the Montreal courthouse, he criticized Quebec's plan to sell pots in government-run stores.
The federal Liberal government plans to allow legal recreational cannabis by late summer, but the manner of selling of it is left up to the individual provinces.
Pot dispensaries are illegal under current federal legislation unless they have a licence from Health Canada to sell it for medical purposes.
THE Ireland U-20s opened their World Rugby U-20 championship campaign with a narrow 26-24 defeat to hosts France despite a tenacious display at the Stade Aimee Giral in Perpignan on Wednesday night.
A losing bonus point was the very least the battling Irish side deserved from their tenacious display in which Garryowen hooker Diarmuid Barron impressed hugely.
Ireland looked well placed to stun their hosts on the opening night of the competition when leading 17-5 at half-time.
However, France took control after the restart, blitzing Ireland with three converted tries in a five minute spell.
However, Ireland finished well and Harry Byrne got in for their third try to net a bonus point which could yet prove invaluable.
There was disappointment in that opening half for former Crescent College Comprehensive player Daniel Hurley as the winger had to be replaced due to injury inside the opening half an hour.
After receiving a late call-up for last year's U-20 tournament in Georgia, Garryowen hooker Barron made his Ireland U-20s debut in a pool opener against Italy where a fractured thumb unfortunately brought his Championship to an abrupt end.
However, he made the most of his opportunity on Wednesday night to turn in a terrific display at set-piece time as well as in the loose.
Former Munster captain Paul O'Connell is an assistant coach with the Irish U-20s squad.
Next up for the Ireland U-20s is a crucial pool fixture with South Africa on Sunday next at 3.30pm Irish time, live on eir Sport.
SCORERS: Ireland U-20s: Tries: Joe Dunleavy, Hugh O'Sullivan, Harry Byrne. Conversions: Harry Byrne 3; Penalties: Harry Byrne 1. France: Tries: Maxime Marty (2), Artur Coville, Romain Ntamack; Conversions: Romain Ntamack 3.
FRANCE U-20S: Clement Laporte; Lucas Tauzin, Pierre LouIs Barassi, Adrien Seguret, Maxime Marty, Romain Ntamack, Artur Coville (Capt) ; Hassane Kolingar, Maxime Lamothe, Daniel Brennan; Thomas Lavault, Killian Geraci; Sacha Zegueur, Cameron Woki, Charlie Francoz. Replacements: Guillaume Marchand, Jean-Baptiste Gros, Demba Bamba, Pierre-Henri Azagoh, Jordan Joseph, Jules Gimbert, Louis Carbonel, Matthis Lebel.
IRELAND U-20: Michael Silvester (Dublin University/Leinster); Tom Roche (Lansdowne/Leinster), Tommy O'Brien (UCD/Leinster), Peter Sylvester (UCC/Munster), Dan Hurley (Young Munster/Munster); Harry Byrne (UCD/Leinster), Hugh O'Sullivan (Clontarf/Leinster); Jordan Duggan (Naas/Leinster), Diarmuid Barron (Garryowen/Munster), Jack Aungier (St. Mary's College/Leinster), Matthew Dalton (Malone/Ulster), Jack Dunne (Dublin University/Leinster), Joe Dunleavy (Malone/Ulster), Matthew Agnew (Ballymena/Ulster), Caelan Doris (St. Mary's College/Leinster) (capt). Replacements: Dan Sheehan (Dublin University/Leinster), Joe Byrne (Dublin University/Leinster), Charlie Ryan (UCD/Leinster), Aaron Hall (Ballynahinch/Ulster), Jonny Stewart (Queen's University/Ulster), Conor Dean (St. Mary's College/Leinster), Sean O'Brien (Clontarf/Leinster).
REFEREE: Karl Dickson (England)
Orlando Sierra / AFP / Getty Images
Members of the National Convergence Against Continuity movement in Honduras and people of faith from the United States take part in a vigil outside the US Embassy in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, on Jan. 28.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption McCrackin, pictured in 2006, is an actress and songwriter
Three people have been charged with kidnapping a star of the Halloween film series, along with another actor - holding the latter for ransom.
Two men and one woman have been charged with 17 felony counts, including kidnapping and assault with a firearm.
They are accused of kidnapping actor Joseph Capone and Daisy McCrackin - a star of 2002's Halloween: Resurrection - from the actress's Los Angeles home.
Mr Capone is alleged to have been held captive for 30 hours without food.
According to information released by the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office, the drama began on 3 May 2017.
The defendants - identified as Keith Andre Stewart, Johntae Jones and Amber Neal - are accused of going to McCrackin's home in south Los Angeles.
There, Mr Stewart allegedly struck Capone repeatedly with a firearm. The pair were then alleged to have been taken to Mr Jones's home with black hoods over their heads.
Official documents say Capone was stripped naked and tied up in a bathtub, while McCrackin was driven to several banks, in her own car, and told to provide at least $10,000 (£7,500) for the release of her fellow actor.
According to the official news release, McCrackin was able to escape and alert police after being driven back to her home.
Footage of one of the defendants being arrested on Monday was captured on video and posted on Twitter.
The defendants are expected to appear in court on 23 July for a pre-trial hearing. All three face life in prison if convicted.
McCrackin played a character called Donna in Halloween: Resurrection. Her character died after being impaled on a spike by the murderous Michael Myers.
The 36-year-old also appeared in 2016 horror film She Rises and played the daughter of a murder victim in a 2003 episode of Cold Case.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
PACIFICA — Investigators are looking to jump-start the search for a man who shot his pregnant ex-girlfriend in the head at her workplace two years ago, an attack that both she and her baby miraculously survived, authorities said.
The hunt continues for Ricardo Leo Colindres, 28, formerly of Brisbane, in connection with the April 27, 2016 shooting at a senior-housing complex where his girlfriend worked. Colindres is wanted on two counts of attempted murder and attempted kidnapping.
“We're trying to generate more attention to this incident. It was quite alarming when it occurred,” said Capt. Chris Clements. “We're frustrated he's been on the run for this long.”
The U.S. Marshals Service joined the search about two weeks after the shooting and Colindres was nowhere to be found. A $10,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to an arrest.
Colindres is described as Latino, 5 feet 5 inches tall and 125 pounds, with black hair and brown eyes. He has family ties to the Brisbane, Lodi and Burson, California, areas, and is known to frequent Las Vegas, authorities said. He was last seen in a silver 2003 Toyota Camry with a California license plate 6CGN644.
According to police, Colindres tried to abduct his ex-girlfriend from her job at the Casa Pacifica Apartments in the 1000 block of Terra Nova Boulevard, but ended up shooting her in the head instead. The victim was eight months pregnant at the time.
Police have not disclosed the identity of the child's father.
Police did not recover the gun Colindres allegedly used in the shooting, and consider him armed and “extremely” dangerous. They advise that anyone who spots Colindres avoid approaching him and instead call 911.
Anyone with information about his whereabouts can contact Pacifica police at 650-738-7314 or the U.S. Marshals Service at 800-336-0102 or usms.wanted@usdoj.gov.
WARNING: This post contains graphic content.
Boxer Stephen Smith suffered one of the most gruesome injuries in the history of boxing over the weekend, one commentator Andre Ward said was unlike anything he's ever seen in a boxing match.
During his HBO Boxing after dark bout against Francisco Vargas, Smith accidentally collided with his opponent and, in the process, split his ear wide open (Follow the link to see a picture).
The ref stopped the fight and Smith was immediately rushed to hospital. A day later, Smith took to his Instagram account to share a thank-you message with fans:
Thanks very much for all your supportive messages last night, read them all and they mean a lot. Went to hospital and got my ear stitched back up so hopefully all will heal well. Thanks again for all the love and support. Have a good Christmas everyone x
He also shared a picture of his newly-stitched up ear.
We're all wishing you a speedy recovery.
TRUMANN, Ark. — Police assembled outside a northeast Arkansas Walmart where a man was later killed after an employee texted her mother saying she expected problems with her ex-husband, who she assumed would be armed.
Trumann Police Chief Chad Henson told the Jonesboro Sun that officers saw Faith Morgan, 21, leaving the store in Trumann Sunday evening with her ex-husband, Gabriel Urrabazo, who had a gun.
Henson said Urrabazo, 22, stepped behind Morgan and held a gun to her head while he negotiated with police.
“They tried and tried to get him to drop the weapon, and they noticed another male coming into the scene,” Henson said.
Police said Urrabazo killed Robert Highfill, 35, who tried to save Morgan.
“From the video I have seen, Mr. Highfill tried to bear hug the suspect,” Henson said. “The suspect could see him coming as well.”
Henson said officers tried to stop Highfill from getting involved, but that “he was committed.” He cautioned anyone else from doing the same.
“I fully believe his actions did save Faith and he should be commended. I don't know if (Urrabazo) had let her go without him doing what he did,” Henson said. “But my advice is to never get involved.”
Urrabazo surrendered after an hourlong standoff with police. He faces a preliminary charge of first-degree murder, said Henson.
“Just a terrible situation that is unusual for Trumann and we wish this didn't happen,” Hansen said.
Trumann is a small town about 120 miles northeast of Little Rock.
JAMB Cancels 59,698 Results Of UTME Candidates – JAMB Registrar
Report has it that the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has cancelled the result of 59,698 candidates who participated in the 2017 UTME. According to the JAMB registrar Oloyede 1,386 candidates have their results cancelled over examination malpractice. 57,646 results were cancelled as a result of centres-induced malpractices. These set of candidates are among …
The post JAMB Cancels 59,698 Results Of UTME Candidates – JAMB Registrar appeared first on Nigerian Scholars.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Scholars. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Usually, people don't pay too much attention to time-out performances during basketball games, but JD McCrary may have changed that narrative.
The young actor, and the voice of young Simba in the Lion King movie, blew LA Clippers audience away with his rendition of the Jackson 5‘s classic, “Who's Loving You” in a game of Finish The Lyrics.
If you thought that was dope, hit the flip to see JD master the vocals that is New Edition's “Can You Stand The Rain”.
1 2Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
XENIA TOWNSHIP, Ohio (WDTN) — The Ohio State Highway Patrol says distracted driving caused a single-vehicle crash in Xenia Township on Wednesday morning.
A woman driving an SUV hit a power pole just before 8:00 a.m. on Wednesday in the 1500 block of Jasper Road.
The crash knocked out power to the surrounding area.
Authorities say Jasper Road will be closed for 2-3 hours while DP&L works to restore power.
The woman driving wasn't seriously hurt.
OSP says she may have been operating her GPS at the time of the crash.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
A Financial Times journalist was killed by a crocodile while washing his hands in a lagoon in Sri Lanka during a vacation with pals.
Paul McClean, 25, an Oxford University graduate, is understood to have wandered away from his group of friends to find a toilet when he was attacked.
The British victim, from Surrey, about 90 minutes southwest of London, was seen “waving his hands in the air” in desperation before being dragged under the water at a lagoon called Crocodile Rock near Arugam Bay.
McClean graduated from Oxford with a first class honors degree in French in 2015 before joining the Financial Times later that year.
He had covered Brexit and the EU for the newspaper and had recently returned to London after living in Brussels for a couple of months.
The lagoon, known to be crawling with crocodiles, is yards away from popular surf spot Elephant Rock on the southeast coast.
Sri Lankan police and the army are said to be searching the shore surrounding the area.
Locals said the victim had been staying at the East Beach Surf Resort — just minutes away from the surfing area where he went missing.
Fawas Lafeer, owner of Safa Surf School, located up the coast from where the incident happened, said: “A local fisherman witnessed a man being dragged into a river, set back from the beach, by a crocodile. The fisherman was on the opposite side of the river and downstream of the incident location.”
He added:“This is the first known crocodile attack in Sri Lanka. Both tourists and locals surf at Elephant Rock, which is a beautiful secluded beach and very safe.
“Crocodiles in Sri Lanka live only in the fresh, back waters of the jungle. It is almost unheard of for them to come close to the beach. The salt water actually turns them blind.
“Local search and rescue teams are working alongside the police and British Embassy in attempt to locate the man's body.”
Meanwhile, a Scottish tourist, who wished to remain anonymous, said: “A British tourist was at a surf spot called Elephant Rock.
“There's a lagoon right next to the sea. He went to the toilet next to the lagoon and was grabbed by a crocodile.
“There are lots in the lagoon. People last saw his arms in the air in the water and then was grabbed under. I was there but didn't see it happen though. Horrible.
“They are searching for a body but haven't found anything yet.
“The army were down and there are people out on boats checking the shore because crocodiles won't eat anything in water — they will take it on to dry land to eat prey.”
He said some locals had discussed the possibility that he may have fallen into the lagoon because of quicksand.
“They are 90 percent sure it was a crocodile but a couple of the guys said there was quicksand in the lagoon,” the tourist said.
“A few people that knew the guy were just on the ground, I didn't get that close but they all just seemed in shock and not saying much.
“There were a large crowd of Sri Lankan men surrounding them and they had bits of paper.”
Sean Carroll, from New South Wales, Australia, wrote on Facebook: “A croc just took a tourist bloke in Sri Lanka.
“He was walking on a beach where a small river meets the sea, it's named Crocodile Rock for that reason obviously.
“He still hasn't been retrieved from river. Heavy.
“I'm sure he was close to the river for it to take him. Police looking and army too.”
Two different kinds of crocodile live in Sri Lanka, the Marsh or “mugger” crocodile and the saltwater crocodile.
One local from Panama village, about 6 miles from Crocodile Rock, heard about the horrifying attack from his friends.
He told SunOnline: “A British guy fell in the lagoon. There are lots of police searching the area.
“It is a very dangerous place to swim, there have been lots of attacks.”
In April this year, a 13-year-old girl was attacked and dragged away by a crocodile while she was enjoying a day out with her family at Pulnewa Lake, in Galnewa.
The girl was reported missing by her family, who said they saw her being dragged into the water by the large reptile.
And in July 2016, a 60-year-old Sri Lankan man was killed in a crocodile attack.
He had been fishing in the Paayindan River in Sammanthurai when he was attacked.
A colleague of McClean's said: “We're all totally stunned. He was a great kid, super bright. It's an absolute tragedy.”
A GOP congresswoman from Tennessee who is running to be the state's next governor blamed pornography — and the decline of the family support system — for school shootings, according to reports.
“Pornography, it's available, it's available on the shelf when you walk in the grocery store,” Rep. Diane Black said during a listening session with ministers at Safe Harbor of Clarksville, Tenn., The Tennessean reported, citing audio obtained by HuffPost.
“Yeah, you have to reach up to get it, but there's pornography there. All of this is available without parental guidance,” she said. “And I think that is a big part of the root cause that we see so many young people that have mental illness get caught in these places.”
Black made the porn comment as she pondered what drives some kids to violence.
“What makes them do that? Because as a nurse, I go back to root causes,” Black offered.
“I think it's deterioration of the family,” she added, citing the expression “Idle hands are the devil's workshop.”
Black said that without a family support mechanism, teens turn to the internet, violent movies and porn — though she didn't specify what it is about porn that she believes is leading to school massacres.
Chris Hartline, a spokesman for Black, told CNN that the congresswoman “believes the breakdown of families and communities plays a significant role in instances of school violence.”
Conservatives and gun control opponents have searched for explanations for school shootings that don't place the blame on the availability of firearms.
“In response to mass shootings, liberals have called for banning and confiscating all guns,” Black's campaign website says. “We must recognize mental health issues are the cause of mass gun violence, not the guns themselves.”
After the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people in Parkland, Fla., the state's House of Representatives OK'd a measure declaring porn a public health risk the same day the GOP-controlled chamber voted to reject gun control measures.
Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts slammed Black's statement, saying that “despite all of the data and experts at her disposal,” she “chooses to blame ‘grocery store pornography' for school shootings. And she doesn't mean the magazines that glorify guns.”
There have been 23 shootings so far in 2018 on the campuses of K-12 schools or colleges, according to HuffPost.
MOSCOW (AP) - The Latest at the World Cup (all times local):
8:17 p.m.
Brazil midfielder Paulinho has practiced separately from the group but is expected to be available for Friday's quarterfinal against Belgium.
The federation said Wednesday Paulinho needed an extra recovery day following Brazil's round-of-16 win over Mexico on Monday.
All other players participated in the training session in Sochi, including Marcelo, who didn't play against Mexico because of a back spasm. Filipe Luis substituted Marcelo in the team's 2-0 win.
Defensive midfielder Casemiro is suspended and is expected to be replaced by Fernandinho.
Attacking midfielder Willian praised Belgium players for their talent and experience and said it will "another tough opponent for us."
___
7:22 p.m.
The World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award says Neymar must help Brazil lift the World Cup next week if he wants to be called the world's best player.
German great Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday that Neymar could stand to cut down on his theatrics, too. Some opposing coaches and fans have called out Neymar for writhing and rolling around after minor fouls. Cleaning that up could help win over voters when voting for the FIFA player of the year award begins later this month, Matthaeus said.
Fellow Brazilian Ronaldo, a three-time winner of the award, dismissed those complaints and said Neymar could win the award even coming off a club season that was curtailed by injury.
Ronaldo and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
___
6:55 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as he prepares for his second-round match at Wimbledon. And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. His coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to his Twitter account showing him and Rosengren at practice - posing in a fighting position and each wearing his nation's soccer jersey .
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell him it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan his country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If he beats Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping his third-round match Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
5:30 p.m.
Real Madrid is back in the thick of intrigue at the World Cup even with Spain having been eliminated.
The Champions League titleholder issued a statement Wednesday rejecting reports that it has reached an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain. This comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world-record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
Madrid made waves at the start of the tournament when it hired Spain coach Julen Lopetegui to take over after the World Cup. Spain's federation summarily fired Lopetegui days before Spain's first match, saying the coach and club hadn't given it proper notice.
___
5:08 p.m.
A Moscow court has fined a British fan for vandalizing a statue of a revered Russian soccer player outside a World Cup stadium.
The Tushinsky District Court handed a 3,000-ruble ($47) fine Wednesday to 20-year-old Rufus Hall for inscribing the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov with the word "England." Hall was detained by police just before England defeated Colombia on Tuesday.
The vandalism prompted an outpouring of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks, with users calling them poor guests. Hall apologized in a video posted online by Sport24.ru.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. Thousands of fans attended his funeral in 2014.
___
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. He denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sphero got itself recognized for making neat little toys that roll around. However, its next product doesn't move. It's an app-enabled Spider-Man toy with LCD eyes, speech recognition, and games in the companion app. We don't have all the details on this device yet, but retailer John Lewis accidentally pushed the product page live too soon, and Sphero published its app. That's good enough for a basic overview.
From what I can tell, the new Sphero Spider-Man toy is essentially a statue with WiFi and an app. The eyes are LCD screens that animate Spidey's eye movements and you can talk to your little Spider-Man. To connects to the app to engage ins some sort of simulated missions to defeat the bad guys. Sphero says each decision you make in the app changes the story progression, but it's not clear how the physical Spider-Man toy helps you do that.
Sphero's product page is currently showing a placeholder, but the now-deleted John Lewis page listed a price of £149.95. It also showed as "in stock," so the announcement and release shouldn't be far off. It will no doubt be used to promote the upcoming Spider-Man film. I'm looking forward to seeing ho Sphero pitches a toy that doesn't roll. There's an unlisted video from Brookstone that offers a little demo.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The last name “Shell” carries a lot of weight in Oakland. Over the course of a 14-year career from 1968-82, left tackle Art Shell became a legend in Raider nation,...
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Speaker Paul Ryan has highlighted on Twitter a school secretary benefiting from the Republican tax overhaul, then deleted the tweet after online criticism that he is cheering an increase of $1.50 a week.
The Associated Press reported on Thursday that changes in tax withholding were sparking bigger paychecks, citing as one example Julia Ketchum of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, whose check went up $1.50 a week.
Ryan on Saturday posted a Tweet noting the secretary's increase and linking to the AP story. He has posted several other examples of worker pay increases and bonuses since the overhaul, some as much as $1,000.
Ryan's spokeswoman didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
In private life, an apology can often end a hard conversation, and start a good night's sleep. But in public life, regrets should usually be the start of a deeper discussion, and some civic soul-searching.
From Facebook's mea culpa tour, for scraping personal data for disreputable use in the last election, to Wells Fargo's contrition for abusive sales tactics, to AT&T's remorse for paying $600,000 to President Trump's private lawyer to gain influence in the Trump administration, the news is rife with apologies for corporate misconduct. But these confessions show no reckoning with the real source of the destructive behavior.
The problem is not that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, or other corporate agents, have behaved unscrupulously. Far from it. These corporate actors have instead been scrupulous in their fidelity to the most hallowed principle of corporate law: pursue profits for shareholders.
Our corporate law (the law of Delaware, where most large firms are chartered) forbids directors from sacrificing profits to serve other concerns, including workers, consumers, or the national interest. Rapaciousness is not required. If profits are best had by keeping jobs in the United States, or responsibly stewarding the environment, then do so. But if public interests must be compromised to the bottom line, the law says: do it. The problem is not that our corporations are failing us. The problem is that we have failed to properly design our corporations.
Corporate governance law should be viewed as a basic fulcrum of public policy. It is bigger than health care, and easier to change than the Electoral College, or the Supreme Court's decision in Citizens United, yet it evades political scrutiny. It is time to reform our corporate law to require that our largest corporations be managed in a socially responsible way.
This is no reckless invitation to abandon capitalism or the corporate organization of productive enterprise. It is instead a call for us to snap-out of the superstition that there is only one way to organize corporate affairs that is consistent with economic efficiency and political freedom.
Other free, wealthy nations design their corporations differently. Germany's principled rebirth from the ruin of Nazism was fueled by a corporate law that requires the boards of directors of large firms to be comprised equally of worker and shareholder representatives. Japan and Korea have found wealth and liberty not despite but, in part, because their corporations serve national interests, not just shareholders. In France, the boards of big corporations must now be fifty-percent women, a rule in-part motivated by the idea that boardroom diversity will enable firms to effectively respond to the interests of diverse constituencies.
We need not imitate any of these foreign structures exactly. We must pursue our own reforms, consistent with our constitution, our culture, and our politics.
Related Articles Skelton: Newsom's strategy ‘is so cynical, Putin would be proud of it'
Opinion: Why it's time to get on board high-speed rail project
Opinion: Supreme Court ruling unfairly snuffs out employee rights
Opinion: What Bay Area can do to solve its housing crisis
Opinion: Listening is the greatest skill an elected leader can employ A first step should be a national standard of corporate governance rules for large firms, rather than leaving this job to individual states that are more concerned with chartering fee revenue than with setting sound corporate policy for the nation. Start-ups, and smaller firms, could continue to charter under state law. This will allow for flexibility and entrepreneurial verve in the nesting grounds of business enterprise, while imposing federal standards on fully matured operations. The new national standard for the biggest firms should require corporate directors to actively attend to the interests of all corporate stakeholders in their command of corporate enterprise, not just the shareholders.
When it comes to corporate misconduct, sorry is no longer enough. Things have got to change in a fundamental way if this relationship, between corporations and the society that creates them, is to succeed.
David Yosifon, a professor of law at Santa Clara University, is the author of “Corporate Friction: How Corporate Law Impedes American Progress And What To Do About It.”
WASHINGTON (WDTN) – We found there are several groups classified as hate groups in Ohio but there are also people working to fight that racism.
We found there are several groups recognized as “hate groups” in Ohio. Experts say putting a stop to that hate.
The Protests and violence in Charlottesville once again shine a spotlight on white supremacy groups but those groups aren't isolated to one area of the country.
The Southern Poverty Law Group identifies 35 hate groups in Ohio on its “hate map”, including the KKK, Aryan Strikeforce and the Daily Stormer.
Vanita Gupta with the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights says the Charlottesville violence is disturbing– but the existence of hate groups should not be surprising.
Ohio lawmakers responded quickly to the violence in Charlottesville.
Senator Rob Portman tweeted the attack was domestic terrorism saying, “We must all condemn hatred and white nationalism.”
Senator Sherrod Brown called it “senseless violence” and said “we must all condemn white nationalism.”
And Gupta says real change starts at a local level.
The southern poverty law center says there a total 917 hate groups around the country.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:13 Will Trump support black colleges?
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days?
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
Follow @insidefutbol
Rangers caretaker manager Graeme Murty admits that he is glad to see Alfredo Morelos finally score a goal which he believes has eased the pressure on the striker.
The Colombian put an end to his ten-game goalscoring drought as he scored the winner to lead his team to a come-from-behind 2-1 victory against Ross County at the weekend, and in the process send Rangers back into second.
Murty now hopes that it will be the start of more good things to come from the striker as goes on a scoring spree and helps his team to new heights.
Giving his opinion on the drought and how important he thinks it is for the other players to contribute to the striker's goalscoring form, the manager told his club's official channel: “There is, but once again, strikers don't operate in a vacuum.
"It's not just strikers on their own – it's up to the players around them to create chances and make space and actually dislodge opponents' defences through clever movement and quick play.
“I didn't think we did enough of that at the weekend, but the players know we have quality in the attacking third – we just have to make sure we give ourselves the best opportunity to utilise those threats and give our opponents some problems."
Murty also took time to link Morelos' goal with the team's form, as Rangers managed to break the jinx of not winning three league games in a row.
“For Alfredo, I'm glad he got his goal.
"It's a little bit of a monkey off his back, perhaps in the same way we have managed to get over that three wins in a row thing that people keep on talking about.
“But we can just move from strength to strength from that hopefully.”
Jillian Coleman
Staff Writer
A group of five Art of the Possible subject-matter experts and several senior leaders from across the Air Force Sustainment Center gathered for an Advanced Level Workshop and to discuss the implementation of Art of the Possible.
“The intent of this session is to further emphasize how Art of the Possible is our way of doing business,” said Steven Alsup, director of Logistics for the AFSC. “We are not just applying these principles to production, this is a leadership model that applies to all business done within AFSC and how we approach improving that business.
“We have come a long way with AoP, but it is time to take the model's application to the next level,” he added.
The Center AoP team, which includes the AoP SMEs along with members of AFSC/LG and AFSC Directorate of Personnel, focuses its efforts through a four-element cycle comprised of doctrine, training, operations and knowledge. This cycle is: 1. Explaining what AoP is, 2. AoP training 3. Operationalizing it, and 4. Continually gaining knowledge to further improve it.
The AoP team has drafted two publications, AFSCI 60-101 and AFSCH 60-101, to provide doctrine on AoP. AFSCI 60-101 is an instruction and is directive in nature. It defines the inspectable requirements for implementing AoP down to the squadron and division level. AFSCH 60-101 is a handbook and is the keystone AoP document. It is instructive in nature and can be thought of as the AoP “how to” publication.
AoP training is broken down into four tiers, each focusing on training for a specific level of the workforce.
Basic-level training consists of elemental AoP familiarization. It is comprised of the New Employee Orientation-level pamphlet training, which pertains to all new employees.
Intermediate-level introduces the science behind the philosophy and is provided through a four-hour block of instruction.
Advanced-level provides in-depth methodology exploration coupled with practical application exercises and practical wall walk examples. It is delivered through a two-day Advanced Level Workshop and targets first-line supervisors up to commanders who have not received expert level training. ALWs rotate across AFSC locations and take place four times a year.
The expert-level incorporates robust analysis of foundational concepts and leadership's role in enterprise implementation. It is delivered through a three-day Senior Leader Course that is given annually at Tinker Air Force Base and targets incoming commanders and directors.
Doug Keene, an AoP SME from the Warner Robins Air Logistics Complex at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, said these training tools were not in place prior to the reworking of AoP.
“There was training, but it wasn't standard,” Keene said. “There was a book, but not a formal publication or directive document. We've taken the last year to create and implement the training, as well as put the AFSCI and AFSCH in place.”
The instruction and the handbook have been approved by leadership and are currently in the publication process, which is estimated to take 30 days.
The AoP SMEs described how AoP is operationalized around units' Mission Essential Task Lists. This concept is used to help identify the most important tasks an organization executes. What does the organization have to do to accomplish the mission? In order to be compliant with the new AFSCI, organizations have to identify their METL and develop a plan to implement AoP on all their Mission Essential Tasks.
Simply put, workers pick something upon which to implement AoP; then they implement AoP and move on to the next Mission Essential Task.
According to Keene, there has to be a semblance of a plan and there has to be commitment and signs of progress.
As for the knowledge aspect of the cycle, the five AoP SMEs were named by AFSC Executive Director Jeff Allen. The AoP SMEs are also in place to determine what is and what is not AoP. They are the deciding authority for AoP and assist organizations that are implementing AoP.
Every AFSC complex, wing and staff directorate has an aligned AoP SME to coach and mentor all levels of AFSC leadership on the implementation and institutionalizing of AoP within their respective organizations.
Together, the AoP SMEs established one system with one common approach.
“Over all the years with Air Force Material Command, we've had a myriad of different technology and production processes we used, and really each organization picked whichever one they wanted to use,” Keene said. “If you look at world-class organizations, they have a single process. So, that's what we did.”
The goal is to stay with one system and continue to improve. With one common approach and common language, the constraint-based system was designed to create the environment for success.
Oklahoma City Air Logistics Complex AoP SME Janis Wood expanded on the power of demanding one system. In a constraint-based management system, she said, you focus on one constraint at a time. Of all the problems you could have, there's one constraint you devote your resources and energy into resolving – that's where you focus your continued process improvement.
“The problem over the years has been trying to attack all the problems at once,” Wood said. “We've now developed a methodology to focus resources on one area of constraint at a time. That constraint represents the highest return on the investment efforts.”
Though AoP SMEs are in place to help institutionalize AoP throughout the entire AFSC, its origin is not organic to the U.S. Air Force. Rather, it's based off the Theory of Constraints. According to David Mann, an AoP SME from the Ogden Air Logistics Complex at Hill AFB, Utah, the theory was then standardized uniquely to the AFSC.
When AoP was first introduced, there was less consideration for administrative applications and more assumptions that readers understood flow days, work in progress and other elements of the science of throughput. Though the goals have remained the same, AFSC senior leaders have said there needed to be a more inclusive approach to allow for areas beyond maintenance to fully comprehend and digest.
Maintaining a culture that creates solutions for constraints affecting the critical path during execution, AoP has demonstrated its value in shrinking aircraft overhaul, engine repair and supply component turn times, while simultaneously experiencing cost reductions. Now it is being successfully employed in administrative areas.
Military and civilian Airmen will continue to be guided by the principles of AoP, but now will do so with a sharpened sense of how to best institutionalize the content taken from the doctrine, strengthened through training, and providing the feedback to further the knowledge to improve.
Hardship when cases transferred from Suddie Court to Charity Court
Dear Editor,
I would like you to publish this letter without the use of my name because I am the litigant .You can safely put my signature as “litigant.” Unnecessary inconvenience, hardship and suffering are being endured by litigants in the Region 2 district when their cases that would be normally dealt with at the sitting of the Suddie Court are transferred way down to the Charity Court. What could be the reason for the present presiding magistrate Dylon Bess doing so, is beyond the understanding of affected litigants who see the move as a step in the wrong direction with the financial strain in travelling alone becoming too burdensome and beyond their reach.
Several litigants including myself against whom the transfer was made want the relevant authorities to intervene so that it becomes compulsory for the sake of convenience for all cases that fall within the confines of the Suddie Court area to remain there at all times. The return passenger fare by a single person is one thousand dollars with some spending having to be done on getting a meal or so and it becomes much more expensive in the case of an elderly person having to be assisted and when witnesses have to travel up to Charity as well.
When travelling from Supenaam end to Charity it will cost much more. Before now it was the practice for the Suddie Court to deal with cases between Supenaam and Queenstown for Anna Regina Court between Queenstown and Dartmouth and for Charity between Dartmouth and the Pomeroon River. An offender on the first appearance could be taken to any court at the earliest possible time but for trial it must be confined to the prescribed court as a matter of convenience for the litigants.
Some litigants from the Onderneeming Sand Pit being so near to the Suddie Court find it difficult at times to pay a hundred dollars fare more so to “fork out” thousands to reach Charity which could be avoided. The Suddie Court is not short of anything to make it unworthy for working conditions in any way whatsoever and is available for use on any court day. The regular magistrate for the district is Mr. Sunil Scarce who always made it easy as possible for litigants.
Concerned litigant
CHICAGO — The Latest on Michigan State University ties to a Chicago-area coach accused of sexual abuse (all times local):
1:00 p.m.
A lawyer for a prominent Chicago-area volleyball coach accused of raping six underage girls he trained says his client has never sexually abused anyone and that he isn't affiliated with Michigan State University.
Danielle D'Ambrose says in a statement that the allegations against Rick Butler are “absolutely false.”
Three women publicly accused him in 1995 of raping them in the 1980s. A 1995 report from an Illinois state agency found no evidence to support Butler's contention that the women were lying.
Letters obtained by The Associated Press reveal that Michigan State has been under pressure to sever any ties to Butler. The university recruited players he trained and played exhibition games at his suburban Chicago facilities. Other colleges have done the same.
The statement issued Tuesday says Butler has “no affiliation” with the school. Michigan State similarly says Butler isn't affiliated with the university.
—-
12:01 a.m.
Michigan State University has maintained ties to a prominent volleyball coach for decades after he was publicly accused in 1995 of sexually abusing and raping six underage girls he trained.
Letters obtained by The Associated Press from accusers' advocates reveal the school has been pressured for at least a year to sever its relationship with Rick Butler.
Butler runs suburban Chicago training facilities that have been a pipeline for top recruits, including to MSU.
MSU has been reeling from the scandal involving a gymnastics doctor, Larry Nassar, who molested young athletes.
The university said in a Monday statement that Butler is currently “not affiliated with MSU.” But it didn't address other questions put to it, including when any affiliation might have ended.
Butler was never criminally charged. He denies sexually abusing anyone.
Intro
Middlesbrough v Arsenal
Monday 17 April 2017
Middlesbrough v Arsenal – All the action from the Premier League encounter, which takes place at the Riverside Stadium. Both sides are desperate for points for opposing reasons, with Boro fighting for their lives in the relegation zone, and the Gunners hoping to achieve yet another top-four finish, which would go some way toward appeasing their frustrated fans
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
Pre-Match
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
1st Half
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
If you use Twitter, you too are a public figure. And one egregious tweet could blow up your life.
On Tuesday, ABC DIS, +0.32% cancelled the wildly successful reboot of “Roseanne” after Roseanne Barr wrote a racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett, a former adviser in Barack Obama's White House. Barr apologized, but the damage was done. Several members of her cast and ABC executives denounced her.
The cancelation of Barr's show came some 11 hours after she sent the original tweet. “Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show,” Channing Dungey, president of ABC Entertainment, who is black, said in a statement. ICM Partners talent agency also dropped Barr.
The political climate puts all employers on high alert when it comes to the words and behavior of their employees.
The swiftness of ABC's response is a testament to diversity in the C-suite and the speed with which news travels on social media, says Aram Sinnreich, professor of communications at the American University, Washington, D.C.
“It helps that there's an African-American woman calling the shots,” he said. “It also reflects that, in the Trump age, the news cycle has accelerated so quickly that there's a vanishingly small window for commercial entities to get out in front of these damaging public relations incidents. The ability to bury these kinds of stories has diminished to almost zero.”
Read also: 50 million American households can't even afford basic living expenses
The political climate is putting all employers on high alert when it comes to the words and behavior of their employees, Sinnreich says. “We're understood to be private citizens, but when someone is the public face of a public corporation, that corporation should and must be held accountable for the actions of that individual,” he added.
Sinnreich says some people are frustrated with the lack of consequences when President Trump tweets racially-tinged comments. “Until the president is held accountable for the outrageous volume of hate speech that he generates, proxies are going to continue to come under the gun.” (President Trump has made incendiary remarks about Mexicans, Haitians and Nigerians.)
Also see: Why millions of Americans are lonely
Workers are plugged into the news cycle. That does not mean you should share all your opinions on social media.
Many people are plugged into the news cycle all day long. One in five employers think staff is productive fewer than five hours a day, with most citing smartphone use as the culprit, a 2016 CareerBuilder report of hiring managers found.
That does not, however, mean you should share all your opinions on social media. The First Amendment protects free speech, but it may not protect your job if you do or say anything that is contrary to the company's values, even if it's a joke. In employment-at-will states, employees without a contract can be fired without cause.
“Twitter is today's PR Newswire,” says Donna Francavilla, a communications specialist in Birmingham, Ala. “We think we're talking to our followers and we think they're all loyal to us and, if we issue an opinion, they'll agree.” That's not the case, she said. Often times, many people who follow Trump, for instance, may disagree with his views.
“It never used to be that way,” Francavilla said. “Social media used to be just you and your friends. But we're now using this new megaphone to express our ideas to a much larger audience.” Anyone with a public Twitter account is a de facto public figure, she added. “We have to be mindful of every word we speak and everything we write.”
There have been some infamous cases. In December 2013, Justine Sacco, a PR executive for InterActiveCorp, IAC, +2.68% which runs dating websites Match.com and OkCupid, was fired after tweeting offensive comments about AIDS in Africa, before stepping on a plane to go there. Her tweet went viral while she was on the long-distance flight.
IAC said at the time: “The offensive comment doesn't reflect the views and values of IAC.” Sacco later apologized “for being insensitive to this crisis,” and later said the tweet was intended to be satirical. She left IAC in January 2014 and returned in January 2018 as vice president of communications at Match Group.
There have been some infamous cases of people being fired for tweeting, even when they said it was satire.
Anthony Weiner, the former Democratic congressman for New York, last year began a 21-month prison sentence for sexting with a minor. But he first resigned in June 2011 after sending a sexually explicit photo of himself to a college student over Twitter.
At first, Weiner claimed that his account was hacked. While he lost his $174,000-a-year job — the standard salary for members of the House and the Senate — he walked away with the equivalent of around $1.2 million in retirement benefits after just a dozen years in office. He later expressed remorse: “These destructive impulses brought great devastation to family and friends, and destroyed my life's dream of public service,” he said.
Don't miss: Ambien maker responds to Roseanne: Racism is ‘not a known side effect'
Even posting photographs or retweeting someone else's tweet can be enough to get fired. Despite repeated warnings, people still get fired for sending an inappropriate photo or tweet. The problem with sites like Twitter and Instagram is that immediacy and informality are also social media's greatest dangers, experts say.
And in many cases, there's no turning back once you hit “send” and there are plenty of reasons not to. Case in point: Five workers on a dam in Oroville, Calif., were fired earlier this year for taking photos of the dam and posting them on Instagram despite a strict no social media and no photos policy at the site.
Also see: How America has changed since ‘Roseanne' premiered in 1988
Employees often say their opinions do not reflect those of their company, but sometimes even that's not enough.
For corporate America, the power of Twitter TWTR, +1.44% can work both ways. In February, Kylie Jenner, start of E!'s “Keeping Up with the Kardashians,” and a fashion empire mogul in her own right, tweeted that she was over Snapchat SNAP, +4.19%
“Sooo does anyone else not open Snapchat anymore? Or is it just me... ugh this is so sad,” Jenner tweeted to her 25.5 million Twitter followers. It was liked 374,555 times. Jenner, regarded by her fans as an arbiter of what's not and what's not, heard. Snapchat stock dropped 6% or $1.3 billion, also in part over its decision to redesign its interface. Jenner later tweeted, “still love you tho snap ... my first love.”
In fairness to American workers, it's a double-edged sword: They're often times encouraged to tweet and maintain an active social media presence. And employees, particularly those who are in the public eye, are often judged by how many followers they have on Twitter when they apply for jobs.
The role social media plays in workers' lives is “not always clear-cut,” the Pew Research Center, a nonprofit think tank in Washington, D.C., found. Companies, in the meantime, must remind employees to state that their opinions do not reflect those of their company. But when it comes to crossing a line — whether it's racism, homophobia or sexism — such caveats may not enough.
“This is not censorship,” Sinnreich says. “It's about affiliation and the media's role as amplifiers for political ideology. This story will be over in another 24 hours, but these stories will keep happening.”
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Health insurers Anthem and Cigna are now trading lawsuits instead of working together to salvage their shaky $48 billion buyout agreement.
The Blue Cross-Blue Shield carrier Anthem said Wednesday that it is seeking a restraining order to block its smaller rival from terminating their deal, which has already been blocked by a federal judge.
Cigna announced Tuesday that it was suing Anthem and seeking more than $13 billion in damages for what it says were Anthem's breaches of the merger agreement. Anthem had filed documents seeking an expedited appeal to the judge's ruling a day before Cigna's complaint landed in federal court.
The two companies announced Anthem's plan to buy Cigna in 2015 a few weeks after two other insurers, Aetna Inc. and Humana Inc., announced a similar combination. But the Department of Justice sued to stop both acquisitions, and separate federal judges recently rejected them after a trial partially over concerns about their impact on consumers.
Aetna and Humana announced Tuesday they were ending their deal.
But Anthem said Wednesday that there still was enough time and “a viable path forward” for completing its deal.
The Indianapolis insurer added that Cigna's lawsuit was the next step in that company's “campaign to sabotage the merger and to try to deflect attention from its repeated willful breaches” of the deal.
It listed several maneuvers that it says that Cigna attempted to sabotage the deal. Anthem said Cigna refuses to allow meetings with its senior management team and has repeatedly delayed producing data.
Anthem also said Cigna's CEO attacked the combined company's ability to achieve savings on medical costs during trial testimony.
A Cigna spokesman did not immediately return a call from The Associated Press seeking comment.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Related Articles Tesla's report card: An “F” from the Better Business Bureau Tesla made headlines for all the wrong reasons: after getting dozens of complaints filed to the Better Business Bureau, the Palo Alto electric-car maker was less than prompt in addressing the issues raised by consumers.
Hence, Tesla received an F from the BBB.
Companies, of course, can bring their grades back up if they promptly respond to the complaints, as Google did recently to bring its F up to an A+ in a matter of days.
Tesla, though, was still in the dumps as of Tuesday afternoon.
It's hard to please all the people all of the time, of course. And Tesla's not the only company in the Valley to receive public criticism. Here are some complaints leveled recently against other Bay Area firms with familiar names; they've been edited for clarity and length:
LinkedIn (B)
“I have 2 issues with LinkedIn. I closed my account in October, 2016 and deleted the company page that was associated with it. When I search my name online, the company page is still active.”
“I want access to my LinkedIn account. This foolishness on your part is not funny. To show you that I am who O say I am making this complaint with BBB. I am also filing a complaint against LinkedIn with the FTC. Keeping me from logging on to my LinkedIn account is NOT helping me in any way.”
GoPro (D-)
” I went on vacation and i pulled out the drone to fly it. it said ‘ready to fly' so i took the drone off of the ground. AFTER TAKE OFF it said lost GPS and i immediately tried to bring the drone back. In the end i lost the drone and called gopro support. after weeks of back and forth emails your customer service rep basically told me that the drone might have said ‘ready to fly' but it was not actually ‘ready to fly' . . . i explained to your rep sir william that if it says ready to fly it should actually be ready to fly.”
Uber Technologies (F)
“I am from Seattle, Washington and i ordered food on 4/7/2018 from a local fast food restaurant. Mind you i am hard of hearing. I informed the driver to bring the food to the front desk where i work which is no more than 15 steps from the roundabout drop off/pick-up area. The driver, ******, arrived but never sent the notification to update the status that he was here, never messaged or called. I messaged him and got no response. I then called him in hopes he would answer, but was sent to voicemail instantly. Ended up charging me for food i never got and then when i tried to reorder, they tried to charge me nearly twice the amount just to reorder. Was infuriating due to the laziness of the driver.”
Oculus VR (F)
“I purchased an Oculus Rift less a month ago, and am I finding that use of the product makes me feel ill. I requested a refund, and was informed that they do not offer refunds of any type if the product has been opened. Considering use of the product makes me physically ill, I find that this practice is unethical.”
Ticketfly (D-)
“I've used Ticketfly twice and both times its been a disaster. This last time,I bought six tickets for a concert 3 hours away. Got there and the venue was closed for a private event. Concert moved to 4 days later. No notice from Ticketfly who confirmed the concert to me on email. Can't get through to ticketfly to hopefully recover my $$. Never again!”
Yahoo (C-)
“Worst experience of my life. I am certainly not being dramatic. I seriously am kicking myself in the *** for trusting so much in this company without doing research. I hope they fall into the pits of bankruptcy and never find a way out and rot. This is a company with the absolute worst customer care. Need help with anything concerning your account? they loop you through some forums for an eternity.”
Reddit (D-)
“Reddit consistently suppresses groups and users that it disagrees with politically. A certain part of the website dedicated to OUR president Donald Trump has been suppressed by over 1,400%. There are over 6 million subscribers dedicated to our president and is only willing to show 350,000+. *** **** *** ** reddit ***** ******* edits users posts if he agrees with him which compromises the integrity of the entire website. He should be ashamed of himself.”
Pinterest (No rating)
“You can never get rid of Pinterest and I don't know why. They make you download their app ( I don't like that at all). They keep sending you notifications even though you set them to not be able to send notifications. I have also unsubscribed to there emails at least 10 times in the past 6 months and every day I open my email to find more. I would definitely give them an F rating as I see here it is. Awful customer service, what are they trying to prove? It's like having a stalker, Ughh!” (Pinterest responded by turning off email notifications for this complainant)
23andMe (C-)
“My experience with this outfit was about the worst that I've ever had with any other outfit – and given what the product is it is scary. My son purchased this for the wife and I – and I was stunned to learn that they lost my sample through a “mistake in the lab” – and even worse, was completely unable to get any reasonable explanation.”
Welcome to Louisville basketball, the one-coach show.
A week after naming assistant David Padgett as interim head coach in the wake of Rick Pitino's forced departure, Louisville placed two more basketball coaches on leave Friday. Associate head coach Kenny Johnson, who was entering his fourth season with the team, and assistant coach Jordan Fair, entering his second, will remain on paid leave while the university investigates the program's involvement in a bribery scandal that's engulfed the sport.
That leaves Padgett, a 32-year-old rookie head coach who played under Pitino from 2004-08, as the lone X's and O's guy as the Cardinals prepare for the start of their season on Oct. 30.
Acting athletic director Vince Tyra — working in place of Tom Jurich, the university's longtime AD who also was placed on leave — explained the program's decision to suspend Johnson and Fair in a statement Friday.
“We are in the process of executing our due diligence as it relates to an ongoing investigation and feel that this [is] an appropriate step at this time,” Tyra said. “Our university will continue to fully cooperate with federal authorities in their investigation.”
During his introductory press conference last Friday, Padgett attempted to clear his name from the various accusations brought against Louisville. According to the FBI, two members of the basketball staff, “Coach-1” and “Coach-2,” played a part in passing $100,000 to the family of top recruit Brian Bowen Jr. through Adidas executive Jim Gatto. Padgett said he was not one of them.
Pitino reportedly was identified as “Coach-2” and could soon be officially banned from the program after the Louisville Athletic Administration ruled in favor Monday of terminating his contract.
While Padgett takes the court for the start of preseason, Louisville interim president Greg Postel said he is looking into a recent report that revealed Pitino pocketed 98 percent of the department's multi-million dollar deal with Adidas.
Padgett reeled in a familiar face to help him with a full roster this season: his father, Pete Padgett, who starred at Nevada in the '70s, will act as a consultant moving forward.
Miami-Dade County Judge William Altfield on Monday ordered former University of Miami medical student Alex Zhang to permanently stay away from two female victims whose photos were posted to sex fetish websites. David Ovalle Miami Herald
Mika Zibanejad concussion is crushing to Rangers Quite a bit of the Rangers' season is resting on the head of Mika Zibanejad. The team announced Thursday their first-line center is suffering from a delayed onset of concussion...
Rangers call-up gives Vigneault his coveted four-line rotation For the first time in almost a week, Rangers coach Alain Vigneault is going to be able to use his coveted four-line rotation. At least that's the plan now that...
Henrik Lundqvist: Leg tweak the 'least of my concern' It was a bit alarming when Henrik Lundqvist did not practice Tuesday, as the franchise goaltender had said he “twisted” his leg late in the second period of his team's...
Jaroslav Halak continues to dominate Rangers Jaroslav Halak might not have been perfect, but the Islanders goalie continued to find a way to beat the Rangers. Halak stopped 2-of-3 attempts in the shootout and backstopped his...
Rangers center makes a mark after latest benching Adam Cracknell, a healthy scratch for his third game with the Rangers on Saturday after having been claimed on waivers from Dallas on Oct. 9, returned to the lineup for...
Rangers veteran trying to put benching in the past COLUMBUS, Ohio — Brendan Smith was willing to admit that it was a surprise that he was a healthy scratch just three games into the season. But as the Rangers...
Rangers coach sits veteran defenseman again The makeup of the Rangers defense is hardly what they thought it was going to be in training camp, and suddenly the question is whether that group is still a...
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The bulk of millennials say their job is more fulfilling if they're given opportunities to make a positive impact on a social or environmental issue. While not every company can host a volunteer event in lieu of a full day of work, there are easy ways you can encourage your employees to give back to the community.
Delegates to the World Water Forum that kicked off in Brasilia on Monday are unlikely to suffer from water shortages during their stay, unlike many of the city's residents who've endured rationing for up to 2 days a week for over a year.
And the rationing isn't restricted to the nation's capital. Last year at least a quarter of Brazilian municipalities faced water shortages. Even in Belem, a city nestled on the greater Amazon river system, water service is frequently interrupted, due in part to poor infrastructure.
Jaguari Dam in São Paulo in 2014. Photographer: Paulo Fridman/Bloomberg
Brazil has the largest fresh water reserves in the world, including the massive underground Guarani aquifer it shares with Paraguay and Argentina. Yet a combination of droughts, population growth, and mismanagement have drained water reservoirs more frequently in recent years. In São Paulo in 2014 those reservoirs dwindled to little more than pools of mud. Brazil's situation, which mirrors crises such as that in Cape Town only on a much bigger scale, is a warning to other countries that putting off water resource management means a massive bill down the line.
"The only way to definitively solve this problem is to convince the political class to finance infrastructure able to contain the advance of ever-longer droughts," Benedito Braga, the Brazilian head of the World Water Council, an international non-profit organization, told Bloomberg News.
Costly Fix
Fixing Brazil's water woes and ensuring supply even in years of drought will cost a staggering 300 billion reais ($93 billion) over 15 years, according to the World Water Council. That's about 37 times what Brazil spent on soccer stadiums for the World Cup in 2014. The bill includes improving waste water treatment, which currently only 45 percent of the country's 210 million citizens enjoy, according to government data. That means that raw sewage often flows directly into rivers and lakes, in turn contaminating fresh water supplies.
In his inaugural address to the 8th World Water Forum on Monday morning, President Michel Temer said that his government was working on legislation to modernize the regulatory framework for basic sanitation.
Some infrastructure projects that had been gathering dust are coming off the drawing board under public pressure following recent rationing. São Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin earlier this month inaugurated a tunnel that will link reservoirs in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo, thereby allowing both sides to share water resources. A similar duct will bring additional water supplies to Brasilia from a nearby reservoir later this year.
Yet like some of the World Cup stadiums, recent large-scale water projects have brought less clear benefits. A project to divert water from the mighty San Francisco river to homes and crop fields in the country's Northeast has been under construction for a decade and a half and overran the initial budget several times over. Now the water level has dropped due in part to environmental issues in the tributaries. To fix that problem, the government is now considering diverting water from the Tocantins River.
Ensuring access to water means not only building more canals and bigger reservoirs. It also means replanting forests to protect tributaries and changing people's attitudes, says Samuel Barreto with The Nature Conservancy.
"There's bad use of water everywhere and it's easily improved," Barreto said in an interview. "For every dollar you invest in clean water, you save 4 or 5 dollars in health spending."
Changing Habits
In the capital Brasilia, with its desert-like climate during the five-month dry season, residents traditionally washed their driveways and sidewalks instead of sweeping them. But Since the last water reservoir was built in the early 1970s, the population has grown nearly six-fold to over 3 million people in the federal district surrounding the capital. Last November the reservoirs hit an historic low, with one of them at just 5 percent of capacity.
There are some signs of changing habits. The Brasilia water utility Caesb has been giving a bonus to spendthrift consumers, helping push down average consumption 12 percent last year to 130 liters per day, according to a company statement published on its website. While that's still above the 110 liters recommended by the World Health Organization, it's down from 190 liters in 2014. Insurance company Porto Seguro also provides discounts on its policies to customers who use recycled or rain-captured water.
Despite such developments and recovered reservoir levels in Brasilia, the rationing is still not over, and neither is the concern of the authorities debating the impact of droughts and resource management at this year's forum.
"Water needs to be on the agenda permanently," Helder Barbalho, minister for regional integration and one of the hosts of the event, said in an interview.
Nick Scholefield
IT services outfit Interactive has appointed former Perpetual GM of technology Nick Scholefield as its first chief information officer.
Scholefield has spent the last four-and-a-half years as general manager, technology at Perpetual Limited. Prior to that, he was delivery manager, software professional services at HP. He also spent 12 years in senior technology roles at BT Financial Group.
Interactive has also appointed former Macquarie Capital exec Belinda Cooney as its chief financial officer. Cooney also serves as an advisory board member at the CSIRO's Data61.
Nick Scholefield said in a statement: I am very happy to be joining a company like Interactive and I look forward to helping our clients adapt and take advantage of the rapid advances in technology, particularly that of multi-cloud.
“I believe my customer and delivery experience will enable both Interactive and our clients to succeed in an increasingly fast-paced business environment.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
This close-up view of a human skin cell won first place in the annual Nikon Small World Photomicrography Competition. Dr. Bram van den Broek of the Netherlands Cancer Institute came across this peculiar cell while studying keratin, an important structural protein in skin cells. This cell is expressing an excessive amount of keratin.
"The expression patterns of keratin are often abnormal in skin tumor cells, and it is thus widely used as a tumor marker in cancer diagnostics," said Dr. van den Broek.
Science and art meet under the microscope in the Small World contest and entries are evaluated on technical proficiency, informational content, and visual impact.
Scroll through to see the top 20 winners in this year's contest.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has announced the government will abolish 457 visas.
In a video posted on Facebook, Turnbull said the visa, which allows sponsored skilled overseas workers to work in Australia temporarily, will be replaced.
Embellishing on the announcement at a press conference this afternoon, Turnbull said the 457 visa will be replaced by two new kinds of visa: one limited to a two-year period that will require previous work experience, and another four-year visa that will require a higher standard of English language skills as well as a proper criminal check.
"We will no longer allow 457 visas to be passports to jobs that could and should go to Australians," he said in the video.
“However it is important that businesses still get access to the skills they need to grow and invest. The 457 visa will be replaced by a new temporary visa specifically designed to recruit the best and the brightest in the national interest."
Tech sector reacts
The news generated much reaction in the Australia's information media and telecommunications sector which last year lodged around 2,000 457 visa applications.
Rob Hango-Zada, co-founder of Sydney-based shipping platform Shippit, employs an engineer on a 457 visa.
"Putting Australian jobs first is a great mantra, but how does this prevent jobs from being sent offshore?" he said. "In the corporate world and more specifically in the tech space, off-shoring is a common practice and in recent times 457 visas have meant that at least offshoring for specialised jobs is minimised. The Government needs to provide specific information about how this would impact key areas such as engineering and development.
"I would like to understand how the government can assist with recruiting for key areas with skill gaps?"
Marcus Dervin, director of Sydney-based IT consultancy WebVine, commented: "Do you know how hard it is to find specialised IT people in this country! They don't exist! I run a consultancy and we struggle to find people, no matter what recruiter we use...This will negatively affect the economy. The only alternative will now be to setup teams overseas and try to harness their skills from there which means no money in tax and unhappy clients."
Nick La, co-founder of Collingwood recruitment platform Weploy, welcomed the announcement.
"I think this is a great initiative as it can provide many more working opportunities to Australians who are looking to step into a career. By deploying skills to the right areas and addressing shortages, the change will free up more opportunities to our Australians – whether it be building up work experience or simply earning a living," he said.
"By providing a temporary visa focused more on specialised skill sets, Australia will be able to attract international talent, ultimately bringing our global level of excellence higher and up-skilling where required. This will hopefully motivate Australians succeed even more and help to drive our innovation agenda by giving founders access to the right talent to grow startups. As employers, it's important the Government can present a strong case behind the abolishment of the visas and is able to supply us with information on how it can benefit all parties."
Sydney digital agency Gruden CEO Tim Parker said his firm had a number of staff on 457 visas. He said he applauded the grandfathering of existing visas, “however given that many countries have been teaching coding in kindergarten for a decade or more, Australia is well behind in the tech talent stakes.
“Therefore we will continue to require imported talent in the short term, and hope the new arrangements recognise this need. Otherwise the imperative to offshore our software development could increase at the expense of the local economy,” Parker added.
Exploiting the system
According IT Professionals Association (ITPA) analysis, there has been a 136 per cent rise in 457 visas issued for IT workers over the last decade, compared to a two per cent rise in the total number of visas issued.
The ITPA's analysis of data from the government's data.gov.au website found that the number of 457's granted to entry level occupations including systems administration and IT support workers had increased by 480 per cent since 2005.
The association said local tech firms were “exploiting the system” to fill roles with cheaper foreign workers.
“We are very concerned about the growing number of IT organisations that appear to be exploiting the 457 visa system to displace local workers with internationally-recruited IT staff on much lower wages than would be otherwise applicable”, said ITPA director Martin Hale at the time.
At last count there are currently around 95,000 people in Australia on a 457 visa, a number which includes their family members. In the last financial year, the Government gave 45,400 visas to foreign workers, a decrease of 11 per cent from the year before.
While the number of visa applications lodged has been rising, the number granted has been decreasing year on year since 2013.
Dangerous situation
Late last year the government reduced the amount of time skilled international workers on 457 visas can remain in Australia after leaving their jobs from 90 days to 60 days.
“Well, our approach is really simple,” Minister for Industry, Innovation, and Science, Greg Hunt told ABC Radio at the time. “And that is, these are visas for areas that need the actual work. In the IT sector, there is no question.”
Following November's announcement, Atlassian co-founder Mike Cannon-Brookes said that moves to tighten controls on 457 visas put the local tech industry in a “very dangerous situation”.
“This suddenly, throw your hands up, ‘all these people are coming in'...The sense that there's some exploding programme of worker exploitation just isn't supported by any facts or statistics,” Cannon-Brookes told ABC Radio at the time.
Around a quarter of Atlassian's 1,000 Australia-based staff is currently on 457 visas, a necessity given the lack of senior skilled technology talent in the country, Cannon-Brookes said.
Further details on the abolition of 457 visas and its replacement are scant, with the Prime Minister saying he will make further comment in coming weeks.
"Australia is the most successful multicultural nation in the world, we are an immigration nation, but he fact remains Australian workers must have priority for Australian jobs,” Turnbull said.
"The new visa will better target genuine skills shortages, including in regional Australia."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Premier Health is inviting students to a career exploration event.
Local high school students will learn about careers in health care at Premier Health's MedQuest event.
Students will have the opportunity to participate in hands-on activities.
Professionals will lead activities in surgery, emergency services, rehabilitation, respiratory care, imaging and nursing.
MedQuest will take place from 8:30 .am. to 3:00 p.m. Wednesday, June 21 at Miami Valley Hospital.
Participants must be at least 16-years-old and a junior or senior in high school.
Students must register online. The registration fee is $10.
The website is available here.
DUBLIN, Ohio – As he gets set for another starring role in a stacked field this week at the Memorial Tournament, Rory McIlroy threw a wet blanket over the recent trend that has put many of the game's top players together in marquee, early-round groupings.
Fresh off a runner-up finish at the BMW PGA Championship on the European Tour, McIlroy will play the first two rounds at Muirfield Village alongside two other men who recently held the top spot in the world rankings, Dustin Johnson and Jason Day. But McIlroy explained that during The Players Championship, he told PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan that the Tour's decision to arrange star-studded groups at their flagship event “sort of backfired a little bit.”
McIlroy was grouped with Justin Thomas and Jordan Spieth for the first two rounds at TPC Sawgrass, while Tiger Woods played with Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler. McIlroy, Mickelson and Fowler all missed the cut, while Woods, Thomas and Spieth eked into the weekend by making the cut on the number and never truly factored.
Memorial Tournament: Articles, photos and videos
With more of the same likely in store two weeks from now at the U.S. Open, McIlroy expanded on the view he shared during his chat with Monahan.
“I mean I don't mind playing with the top guys in the first two days, but the objective is to get those top guys in contention on Sunday,” McIlroy said. “So we'll see if it works out or not over the next few weeks. But I get why they're doing it, and I get why it creates a bit of a buzz at the start of the week. But I would rather see Rickie and Phil and Tiger play on a Sunday rather than on a Thursday and two of them going home.”
Although much of the attention at the Stadium Course was focused on Woods and Mickelson playing together for the first time in four years, McIlroy hinted that the portion of the spotlight shone upon his marquee trio, which included each of the last three FedExCup champs, didn't contribute positively to their collective performance over the first 36 holes.
“There's just so much buzz and hype around the group on a Thursday or Friday when there doesn't really need to be,” McIlroy said. “And that could affect some players.”
“I am utterly disgusted by the continuing revelations of Harvey Weinstein's horrifying and unforgivable actions."
LUCKNOW, India — Parents of at least 35 children who have died in a hospital in northern India over the past three days say the fatalities were due to the lack of oxygen supply in the children's ward.
District Magistrate Rajiv Rautela said Saturday that the deaths of the children being treated for different ailments at the Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur city in Uttar Pradesh state were due to natural causes. He denied that a lack of oxygen led to their deaths.
Parents said that the oxygen supply to the ward ran out Thursday night and that patients' families were given self-inflating bags to help the children breathe.
Relatives mourn the death of a child at Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur, in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh on Saturday. AP
"That's the time when the death of the children peaked," said Mritunjaya Singh, whose 7-month-old son was admitted to the hospital and was not among the dead.
The Uttar Pradesh government has ordered an investigation.
Prashant Trivedi, the state's top health official, acknowledged that there was a problem in the pipeline supplying oxygen.
"But the situation was managed through oxygen cylinders," Trivedi said. "The hospital administration has enough supply of cylinders in its stock. So the report about death of children because of oxygen issue is false."
The parents said the company that supplies oxygen to the hospital had earlier threatened to stop oxygen distribution unless the government paid its long-overdue bills.
Rautela said that the hospital owed 6.8 million rupees ($106,000) to the company, but added that it had adequate numbers of oxygen cylinders.
The federal health ministry sent a team of specialists to the hospital to verify what caused the fatalities at the facility, which provides health care to a vast swath of Uttar Pradesh and neighboring Bihar state.
Meanwhile, opposition leaders took to social media to blame Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, which rules the state, for its neglect and indifference to people's health.
Map shows location of Gorakhpur, India. Google Maps
Opposition Congress Party Vice President Rahul Gandhi tweeted: "Deeply pained. My thoughts are with the families of the victims. BJP govt. is responsible & should punish the negligent who caused this tragedy."
Some of the children had been treated for encephalitis, a disease that preys on the young and malnourished and is rampant in the state during the monsoon season, which runs from June till September.
The hospital, which has become a major center for children with encephalitis, has treated nearly 370 cases in the last two months. Of these, 129 children died, said Satish Chandra, a hospital spokesman.
Gorakhpur is located 185 miles southeast of the state capital, Lucknow.
Parents of at least 35 children who have died in a hospital in northern India over the past three days have alleged that the fatalities were due to the lack of oxygen supply in the children's ward.
District Magistrate Rajiv Rautela said Saturday that the deaths of the children being treated for different ailments at the Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur city in Uttar Pradesh state were due to natural causes. He denied that a lack of oxygen led to their deaths.
Parents said that the oxygen supply to the ward ran out Thursday night and that patients' families were given self-inflating bags to help the children breathe.
"That's the time when the death of the children peaked," said Mritunjaya Singh, whose 7-month-old son was admitted to the hospital and was not among the dead.
The Uttar Pradesh government has ordered an investigation.
Children undergo treatment at the Baba Raghav Das Hospital in Gorakhpur, India, on Friday. STRINGER / EPA
Prashant Trivedi, the state's top health official, acknowledged that there was a problem in the pipeline supplying oxygen.
"But the situation was managed through oxygen cylinders," Trivedi said. "The hospital administration has enough supply of cylinders in its stock. So the report about death of children because of oxygen issue is false."
The parents said the company that supplies oxygen to the hospital had earlier threatened to stop oxygen distribution unless the government paid its long-overdue bills.
Rautela said that the hospital owed 6.8 million rupees ($106,000) to the company, but added that it had adequate numbers of oxygen cylinders.
The federal health ministry sent a team of specialists to the hospital to verify what caused the fatalities at the facility, which provides health care to a vast swath of Uttar Pradesh and neighboring Bihar state.
Meanwhile, opposition leaders took to social media to blame Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, which rules the state, for its neglect and indifference to people's health.
Opposition Congress Party Vice President Rahul Gandhi tweeted: "Deeply pained. My thoughts are with the families of the victims. BJP govt. is responsible & should punish the negligent who caused this tragedy."
Some of the children had been treated for encephalitis, a disease that preys on the young and malnourished and is rampant in the state during the monsoon season, which runs from June till September.
The hospital, which has become a major center for children with encephalitis, has treated nearly 370 cases in the last two months. Of these, 129 children died, said Satish Chandra, a hospital spokesman.
Gorakhpur is located 185 miles southeast of the state capital, Lucknow.
Follow @insidefutbol
Sporting Lisbon are determined not to lose highly-rated winger Gelson Martins and are demanding €100m to sell him.
Martin has been linked with Arsenal and Liverpool this summer, and the wide-man is firmly on the radar of a number of Europe's biggest clubs.
Sporting Lisbon are aware that Martins is being actively tracked by a number of teams and do not want to lose the winger, believing he has much developing left to do and is set for the very top.
According to Portuguese sports daily A Bola, the Lisbon side have let it be known they will only sell Martins for €100m and not a cent less.
At present the winger's release clause amount is €60m, but it was claimed earlier this summer that if Sporting Lisbon make a one-off payment of €1.5m then they can increase it to €40m.
By raining down laser pulses on some 770 square miles of dense forest in northern Guatemala, archaeologists have discovered 60,000 Maya structures that make up full sprawling cities.
And the new technology provides them with an unprecedented view into how the ancient civilization worked, revealing almost industrial agricultural infrastructure and new insights into Maya warfare.
"This is a game changer," says Thomas Garrison, an archaeologist at Ithaca College who is one of the leaders of the project. It changes "the base level at which we do Maya archaeology."
The data reveals that the area was three or four times more densely populated than originally thought. "I mean, we're talking about millions of people, conservatively," says Garrison. "Probably more than 10 million people."
The researchers fired LiDAR technology, short for "Light Detection and Ranging," down at the dense forest from an airplane. This research was organized by the PACUNAM LiDAR Initiative, and Garrison says the area's size is "more than double any other survey that's been done with this technology."
"As it flies the laser pulses hundreds of thousands of times per second," Garrison adds. "And every time one of those lasers hits a point of resistance it stops and sends back a measurement to the plane."
Some of these pulses make it all the way down to the forest floor. The data is then used to visually strip away trees and plants, ultimately mapping only the structures that have been hidden by jungle. You can think of it as digital deforestation.
LiDAR allows scientists to accomplish years or even decades worth of mapping in a single afternoon. For example, Garrison says he was part of a team that worked for some eight years to map less than a square mile at a site called El Zotz. The plane using LiDAR took data for 67 square miles in a matter of hours.
"It's very humbling," says Garrison. "For those of us that spent our lives mapping and slogging around this area ... you just sort of have to bow before the LiDAR and accept the fact that it's better than you are."
The team surveyed 10 separate areas. It took months to process the data. As the picture became clearer, Garrison said he would send emails to his colleagues expressing surprise at the magnitude.
He recalls seeing an initial image of one area in northern Guatemala. "I saw this image and I said, the whole area is covered in Maya settlement. You won't believe it," he adds. "And then once we got the actual data and saw the whole scope of it. We said, 'Wow, we're going to be able to really do something with this.'"
Together, they are able to weave together a picture of individual city-states and their vast support network.
"Everything is amplified and made much clearer for us and we see how it all fits together in a way that we have not seen before," he says. "We're seeing it all laid bare, and saying, 'OK, this is how all of this was connected and came together.'"
Archeologists, for example, knew that the Maya had agricultural fields. But he says this data show "huge, huge expanses of these irrigated field systems in these low lying swamps."
And they knew that the Maya fought, often with each other, because defensive walls had been previously spotted. But this new information reveals "Maya fortresses and systems of interconnected watchtowers," raising the possibility of more sophisticated and large-scale warfare.
The civilization had a network of raised causeways stretching "many, many kilometers." They also were "channeling water for hundreds of meters or modifying hilltops so they become these impregnable areas."
The picture this paints, he says, is one that is to some extent more advanced than previously thought: "This is like landscape engineering. They have molded the world around them to serve their purposes and survive."
The most important Maya city, Tikal, was found to be three or four times larger than the scientists had thought, with a previously undiscovered pyramid in its center. And Garrison adds that they're not totally sure they've surveyed the entire extent of that city.
Suddenly having a broad view allows archaeologists to ask many new questions, he says. And there's plenty of forest to still explore — the study area is a fraction of the total area where the Maya lived.
OSLO, Norway (AP) — The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs.
The award of the $1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The prize committee wanted “to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations,” Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. “The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state.”
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons adopted by the United Nations in July, but which needs ratification from 50 countries. Only three countries have ratified it so far. It organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of the World War II U.S. atomic bombings of the Japanese cities Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Last month in Berlin, ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries. Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading “Time to Go: Ban Nuclear Weapons.”
The group “has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to cooperate … in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons,” Norwegian Nobel Committee chairwoman Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement.
The prize “sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behavior. We will not support it, we will not make excuses for it, we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security,” ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters in Geneva.
She said that she “worried that it was a prank” after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said she didn't believe it until she heard the name of the group proclaimed on television.
ICAN leaders later popped open some bubbly to celebrate the prize, and held up a banner with the name of the organization in their small Geneva headquarters.
“We are trying to send very strong signals to all states with nuclear arms, nuclear-armed states — North Korea, U.S., Russia, China, France, U.K., Israel, all of them, India, Pakistan — it is unacceptable to threaten to kill civilians,” she said.
Reiss-Andersen noted that similar prohibitions have been reached on chemical and biological weapons, land mines and cluster munitions.
“Nuclear weapons are even more destructive, but have not yet been made the object of a similar international legal prohibition,” she said.
Reiss-Andersen said “through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons, ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress.”
Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic, given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached, Reiss-Andersen said “What will not have an impact is being passive.”
India's finance ministry has called for a meeting of primary dealers in New Delhi on Wednesday to discuss its near record bond-sale program for the new fiscal year, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
The ministry wants to seek the views of market participants about how it can conduct the 6.06 trillion-rupee ($92.9 billion) program smoothly, and talks may include what maturities would be better received, said two primary dealers. A government official said the meeting would be used to gauge the mood of the market and the appetite for bonds. All the people asked not to be named as they aren't authorized to speak publicly.
Finance Ministry spokesman D.S. Malik didn't immediately respond to a request for comments.
The central government cut back on the size of several bond sales and canceled others in December and January as a rout in debt markets deepened. State-run banks, the biggest holders of the securities, have stayed away after incurring losses amid the selloff.
India's bonds have slumped for seven straight months, the longest stretch in two decades. A rising debt supply, climbing global yields, faster inflation and the prospect of higher interest rates have all helped sour sentiment.
Image caption Emergency services were called to the field near Boroughbridge at 13:23 BST
A helicopter has crashed in a field in North Yorkshire.
The chopper came down at about 13:20 BST near the town of Boroughbridge.
The area has been cordoned off and police officers are searching the scene. Four fire engines and ambulance crews also attended the crash.
Police said they could not "confirm any information about casualties". The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) said inspectors were on their way to the scene.
Tracking Tropical Storm Nate
by Alabama News Network Staff
The Alabama News Network Weather Authority team of meteorologists is tracking Tropical Storm Nate around the clock. We have a full array of tools to help you watch the storm as it moves toward the Gulf Coast.
You'll want to download our latest Weather Authority App, which you'll find free in your app store. This will allow you to stay up-to-date wherever you go with tracking information, radar and current conditions.
Here are other places to go for the latest information:
Weather Authority web page
Weather Authority Facebook page
Weather Authority Twitter page
Stay with our meteorologists Shane Butler, Elissia Wilson, Ryan Stinnett and Ben Lang to get you through the storm safely. They will break into programming on CBS 8 and ABC Montgomery as needed to bring you watches and warnings.
By BRIAN MELLEY
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A “secret witness” who fears for his life is expected to testify Wednesday against New York real estate heir Robert Durst in a California murder case.
Related Articles Robert Durst prosecutor seeks testimony, citing fear for witnesses
Robert Durst bathroom recording: ‘Jinx' audio could hurt prosecution in murder case
Oakland police say no evidence Robert Durst involved in 1997 missing woman case
AP clarifies: Robert Durst was not in Limp Bizkit
The Jinx, Serial: Robert Durst murder case highlights journalists' changing role as crime sleuths The testimony, which comes at a special hearing even before a judge has decided whether Durst should stand trial, will be recorded on video. It would only be used if something happens to him and he can't testify during a potential trial.
Prosecutors have suggested the eccentric millionaire could have witnesses killed and they don't plan to reveal the man's identity until they call him to the stand.
The defense was told his name two weeks ago.
Prosecutors contend that Durst killed his best friend Susan Berman in 2000 because he thought she was going to talk to police about the 1982 disappearance of his wife, Kathie Durst, who was never found.
A similar conditional witness giving advance testimony to be used at trial if necessary took the stand on Tuesday, and his testimony centered on the wife.
Dr. Albert Kuperman, 85, a retired associate dean at Albert Einstein College of Medicine, testified that Kathleen, was a bright, attractive, smartly dressed medical student.
On Feb. 1, 1982, Kuperman got a call from a woman who identified herself as Kathie Durst and said she was sick with diarrhea and a headache and wouldn't make it to her first day of a pediatrics clerkship in her final year of medical school.
The call was long believed to be the last conversation anyone had with Kathie Durst. But Deputy District Attorney John Lewin suggested while interrogating Durst two years ago that someone else placed the call.
Durst told Lewin that filmmakers who interviewed him extensively for the six-part HBO series “The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst” thought Berman posed as Kathie Durst on the call. Durst disputed that and said Berman never would have made the call.
Durst was arrested two years ago on the murder charge in New Orleans just before the final episode of “The Jinx” aired in which he is heard muttering to himself on a live microphone: “You're caught! What the hell did I do? Killed them all, of course.”
Durst, 73, has denied killing the women, and his lawyers have said it's absurd to suggest he could have witnesses knocked off. He has pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder.
Berman and Durst had been close friends since they attended the University of California, Los Angeles. She acted as Durst's unofficial spokeswoman after his wife's disappearance.
Durst, who is frail and hunched, walked into court Tuesday after making previous entrances in a wheelchair.
Judge Mark Windham won't decide until a preliminary hearing, tentatively scheduled for October, whether Durst even goes to trial.
Kuperman testified throughout the day as Deputy District Attorney Habib Balian tried to show Kathie Durst was a good student who was close to graduating and making career plans in medicine.
But defense attorney Dick DeGuerin provided records showing she had a spotty attendance, had dropped out of three clerkships in one year and her absences had drawn the attention of a fellow dean.
Kuperman, who has been interviewed by various detectives and prosecutors over three decades, said it was strange Kathie Durst called him and not the chief resident of the clerkship she was to start that day. But until recent years when he was re-interviewed, he had never questioned that it was her on the phone.
Asked by DeGuerin if Lewin had planted that seed of doubt, Kuperman replied: “I think that's when it began to gel.”
Five people have been charged with involuntary manslaughter after lead-contaminated water led to the death of an 85-year-old man.(Source: CNN)
By DAVID EGGERTAssociated Press
FLINT, Mich. (AP) - Five people, including the head of Michigan's health department, were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter in an investigation of Flint's lead-contaminated water, all blamed in the death of an 85-year-old man who had Legionnaires' disease.
Nick Lyon is the highest-ranking member of Republican Gov. Rick Snyder's administration to be snagged in a criminal investigation of how Flint's water system became poisoned after officials tapped the Flint River in 2014.
Lyon, 48, the director of the Health and Human Services Department, is accused of failing to alert the majority-black population about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area, which has been linked by some experts to poor water quality in 2014-15.
If convicted, Lyon could face up to 15 years in prison.
"The health crisis in Flint has created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems," said state Attorney General Bill Schuette, who said his probe is moving to the trial phase and signaled that Snyder, who has apologized for his administration's failures that led to and prolonged the crisis, may not be charged.
"We only file criminal charges when evidence of probable cause of a crime has been established. And we're not filing charges at this time," he said.
Lyon also is charged with misconduct in office for allegedly obstructing university researchers who are studying if the surge in cases was linked to the Flint River.
The others are people who were already facing charges. They are: Darnell Earley, who was Flint's emergency manager when the city used the river; Howard Croft, who ran Flint's public works department; Liane Shekter Smith; and Stephen Busch. Shekter Smith and Busch were state environmental regulators.
The state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, 54, was charged Wednesday with obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator.
"Dr. Wells vehemently denies the charges," defense attorney Jerry Lax said.
Other attorneys in the case have not returned calls seeking comment.
Snyder expressed support for Lyon and Wells.
"Some state employees were charged over a year ago and have been suspended from work since that time. They still have not had their day in court. That is not justice for Flint nor for those who have been charged," he said in a statement. "Director Lyon and Dr. Wells have been and continue to be instrumental in Flint's recovery. They have my full faith and confidence, and will remain on duty at DHHS."
Flint began using water from the Flint River while under state emergency management, but did not treat it to reduce corrosion. Toxic lead from old plumbing leached into the water system, causing elevated levels in children and leaving residents to drink and bathe with bottled or filtered water.
Some experts also have linked the water to Legionnaires' disease, a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. People can get sick if they inhale mist or vapor, typically from cooling systems.
There were nearly 100 cases in the Flint area, including 12 deaths, in 2014 and 2015.
Lyon, Croft, Earley, Shekter Smith and Busch are blamed in the death of Robert Skidmore in December 2015. He was admitted to McClaren Flint hospital in June 2015 with symptoms consistent with pneumonia. He died at home six months later.
Lyon was personally briefed in January 2015 but "took no action to alert the public of a deadly" outbreak until nearly a year later, special agent Jeff Seipenko told a judge as the charges were filed.
Lyon has admitted that he was aware of the Legionnaires' outbreak for months but wanted to delay saying anything public until state Health and Human Services Department investigators finished their own probe.
He told state lawmakers that experts likely wanted to "solve the problem" before they raised it with senior officials in the Snyder administration. The investigation, he said, "wasn't one that was easily solved."
Schuette has now charged 15 current or former government officials in an ongoing probe that began in early 2016, including two emergency managers whom Snyder appointed to run the impoverished city of roughly 100,000 residents, a majority of them African-Americans. The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issued a report in February blaming "systemic racism" going back decades for the problems that caused the water crisis in Flint.
In March, Corrine Miller, the state's former director of disease control, was sentenced to probation and ordered to write an apology to residents after pleading no contest to willful neglect of duty. She is a key cooperating witness for Schuette's team.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GENEVA - The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Thursday it was sending two surgical teams to Gaza and setting up a surgical unit in the enclave's main hospital to treat heavy casualties from clashes between Israeli forces and Palestinians.
"This infusion of medical expertise and material will expedite the long road to recovery and relieve a stressed and overburdened health care system," said Robert Mardini, ICRC's director for the Near and Middle East, adding that 13,000 people had been wounded since protests began on March 30.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Mayor Joe Hogsett is proposing his 2018 budget to the City-County Council tonight.
The council meeting will begin at 7 p.m. in the City-County Building.
Hogsett campaigned on a promise to fight crime. He said he's introducing a budget that prioritizes public safety and infrastructure.
The mayor's staff said if the council passes the budget, it will fund 86 new beat officers for Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department.
His budget also calls for the city to spend $120 million on infrastructure — improving streets, sidewalks, traffic flow and bridges — in 2018.
Gold prices clawed up modestly Monday from the five-month lows hit Friday.
A weaker dollar helped gold, though stock gains kept a lid on the haven metal, as has continued interest in bitcoin with futures trading in the cryptocurrency just under way over the weekend.
The metal got a slight additional lift when headlines hit reporting at least one injury following an explosion at New York City's Port Authority bus terminal. The matter appeared to be contained.
Investor attention remained fixed on the midweek Federal Reserve meeting, from which an interest-rate hike has already been widely priced in to financial markets. That looming likely hike has helped to keep nonyielding bullion's price in check as investors show preference for yield-bearing assets. Less certain is how the Fed could approach continued rate increases—policymakers have penciled in three more next year but doubts from low inflation readings persist.
February gold GCG8, +0.08% was up $4.20, or 0.3%, at $1,252.40 an ounce. It settled Friday at $1,248.40, the lowest since July 20, according to FactSet data. Gold was down about 2.6% for last week, for a third straight weekly loss. The SPDR Gold Trust ETF GLD, -0.01% was up 0.2% premarket after a weekly loss of 2.6%. The VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF GDX, +0.46% was up 0.2%. Last week, it fell 3.9%.
The ICE U.S. Dollar index DXY, -0.07% fell 0.1% to 93.78. It traded around 1.1% higher for last week.
March silver SIH8, -0.21% rose 0.4% to $15.885 an ounce. It ended around 3.5% lower last week. The iShares Silver Trust SLV, +0.61% was steady premarket.
“Speculators, having positioned themselves for a break [for gold] above $1300 per ounce, got wrong-footed on a combination of a U.S. tax deal moving closer and the stronger dollar,” said Ole Hansen, head of commodity strategy at Saxo Bank, capturing the recent decline. “The weakness and long liquidation that followed was led by silver, which already began its decline a couple of weeks back when it broke below $17/oz.”
“The fading interest could be a sign that traders in search of volatility have moved to bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies instead. It also highlights that gold's primary source of support all year, apart from dollar weakness during the first half, has come from real money investors seeking tail-end protection against market risks elsewhere,” he said.
Cameron Winklevoss, half of the twins made famous by their role in Facebook's FB, -0.63% early years, told Bloomberg he believes bitcoin is a “gold disruptor” that could see 20-fold gains. Bitcoin is up some 1,600% so far this year, as measured by its trading on CoinDesk.
Winklevoss based his projection on a $6 trillion market value for gold, explaining that investors appear to be warming up to the idea that bitcoin is more portable and divisible than the precious metal. Read more on his call in the Need to Know column.
In other metals trading, March copper HGH8, +0.15% rose less than 0.03%, to $2.9795 a pound. It settled 3.7% lower last week.
January platinum PLF8, +0.11% rose 0.8% to $890.60 an ounce. March palladium PAH8, -0.19% rose 0.5% to $1,001.75 an ounce.
Roger Federer marked his long-awaited comeback from injury with a confident straight-sets victory over Dan Evans to help Switzerland defeat Great Britain in their Hopman Cup opener.
The 35-year-old Federer, representing his nation in the mixed team event that he first won back in 2001, needed only an hour and three minutes to dispatch Birmingham's Evans 6-3 6-4 in Perth.
Belinda Bencic then secured an unassailable 2-0 lead in the tie for the Swiss with a 7-5 3-6 6-2 victory over Heather Watson in the women's singles.
It was Federer's performance that grabbed the attention though, with the 17-time grand slam winner showing little sign of rust despite missing six months of action with knee and back problems.
He opened the singles showdown with an ace before breaking Evans in the sixth game of the first set.
The British number three effectively handed Federer the match by dropping his serve in the second-set opener and half an hour later, the former world number one had put one point on the board for Switzerland.
Federer, who received a standing ovation from spectators at the Perth Arena, said on www.hopmancup.com: "I'd like to live it again. I'm a little bit sad it's over, because it was so nice out there.
"I was actually quite emotional. I thought for a first match it was great, because my expectations were obviously quite low."
"Whatever he feels like he needs to say for media purposes doesn't pertain to me,” Apryl Jones said.
Having sex with a 16-year-old in Indiana is legal but sending one nude photos isn't, the Indiana Supreme Court ruled this week.
The court's unanimous 5-0 ruling means that Sameer Thakar, a former teacher at North Central High School, will go on trial for allegedly sending a 16-year-old girl from Oregon a nude image of himself in 2014, The Indianapolis Star reported. If convicted, he could serve three years behind bars.
Thakar allegedly sent the photo to the girl after they discussed her age, and she told him she wished she were 18. He later confessed to police that he had a problem with chatting online.
Thakar's charge — a felony count of disseminating matter harmful materials to a minor — was originally dismissed last year on the basis that the state's dissemination statute was vague because the age of consent for sex in Indiana is 16, the paper reported. While an appeals court upheld the dismissal, the state's top court disagreed.
The Supreme Court judges acknowledged that while the laws may seem inconsistent, there's no conflict between them because it's still possible to follow both simultaneously.
“The Dissemination Statute clearly protects minors under the age of 18 from the dissemination of matter harmful to them,” Justice Mark S. Massa wrote in the court's decision.
“Whether this inconsistent statutory treatment of minors aged 16 and 17 is advisable with respect to sexually-related activity is a matter for the legislature, and whether Thakar's alleged conduct violated the Dissemination Statute is a matter for the jury.”
Attempts by Democratic lawmakers Sen. Frank Mrvan and state Rep. Linda Lawson to raise the age of consent to 18 in Indiana failed.
Follow @insidefutbol
Garry Monk says he is sure his Leeds United side will produce three massive performances in their remaining Championship games this season after slipping out of the playoff places.
Leeds were expected to make short work of Wolverhampton Wanderers at Elland Road on Easter Monday, but the Whites were poor throughout and ended up on the end of a 1-0 defeat.
As such they have now slipped out of the playoff places to seventh, but will still be confident of making the cut if they can win all their three remaining matches.
And Monk vowed Leeds will give everything to do just that.
" I've worked with this group all season and they've gained a lot of experience and understanding", Monk told BBC Radio Leeds .
"I'm 100% confident that they'll give three massive performances where they let it all go.
"But we have no time to feel sorry for ourselves. We'll have a really good week this week."
And the Leeds boss made no bones about just how important Leeds' next match is, which is a visit to struggling Burton Albion, who are fighting to avoid relegation.
"Burton will be the game of our lives and we'll have to leave it out on the pitch", Monk said.
Burton grabbed a win on Easter Monday, beating Birmingham City 2-0 away from home to move up to 19th spot in the standings.
1:29 Relentless man kicks and drags a deputy before being shot down An unarmed man in Florida was shot dead after he appeared to attack two Broward County deputies. Newly released bodycam footage from Dec. 6, 2017, shows the tense moments leading up to Jean Pedro Pierre's death. His family says the 42-year-old father of five suffered from mental illness.
0:30 Scumbag hits pony in the face with a piece of wood Video has surfaced from England of a man striking a pony in the face with a piece of wood. Connie Mullane, shown assaulting the animal, was given a lifetime ban from keeping horses and faces 24 weeks in prison if he commits another offense over the next two years.
0:53 Distracted phone addict wanders into a parking garage elevator and gets mowed down A woman in China accidentally walked into a parking garage while looking at her phone. Once the door closed behind her, she was taken down a level by the car elevator, and was struck by an oncoming vehicle, pinning her against the wall.
0:55 Dramatic video shows workers trying to save racehorses from blazing fires As fires sweep across Southern California, hundreds of thousands of people are being forced to evacuate. Unable to leave on their own, many racehorses needed to be saved by workers, who had to coax the scared animals out of their stables before the flames overwhelmed them.
0:49 Crook walks away with AR-15 rifle from unlocked cop car Police in Florida have released footage of a suspect stealing from a parked cop car. The crook made off with an AR-15, ammunition, a police vest and a Taser. Authorities are still trying to identify the suspect.
1:00 Atlanta news anchor responds on-air to ‘N-word' email Sharon Reed, a local newscaster in Atlanta, put an angry viewer on blast, after the woman called her a “n----r” in an email. Reed responded to the hate-filled message by reading it on-air, saying, “I'll let your words, Kathy Rae, speak for themselves.” Reed added on Facebook: “Not the first time I've been called that word.”
0:40 Brawl breaks out over lack of nuggets at McDonald's A customer visiting a Liverpool, England, McDonald's in the early hours of the morning didn't react well to the restaurant's lack of McNuggets. An employee was suspended after video of the ensuing fight surfaced that showed him head-butting a customer.
0:28 Train crashes into stalled car on tracks “Stop!” yelled onlookers at a train station in Florida, as the Tri-Rail train hit a car stalled on the tracks. According to West Palm Beach police, there were no injuries.
1:22 9-year-old ‘Pink Panther' boxing girl packs a mean punch This 9-year-old boxer from Ukraine may be the sport's next great fighter. Kira Makogonenko started training with her dad, Artem, just a year ago. She now has nine wins under her belt. “First I need to win the Olympics and then go into professional boxing,” the confident kid said. “I'd like to break a record of winning the Olympics three times in boxing.”
THE WORLD'S FURRIEST weather forecaster says six more weeks of winter are in store for the US.
In an annual 2 February tradition, a groundhog named “Punxsutawney Phil” emerged from winter hibernation in his burrow to test the weather.
According to his handlers at the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club, established in 1887, the rodent saw his shadow on Friday and scurried back inside, auguring six more weeks of winter.
No shadow and it would have been an early spring.
A number of towns in the United States and Canada celebrate Groundhog Day but Punxsutawney Phil, named for his hometown in Pennsylvania, is the most celebrated of the rodent weather prognosticators.
Groundhog Day is also the title of the 1993 cult classic movie featuring Bill Murray in which he wakes up and experiences the same day again and again.
- © AFP 2018
Copyright 2018 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Lake strugeon (Photo Courtesy: Eric Engbretson/United States Fish and Wildlife Service)
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Conservation and environmental groups are seeking more federal protections for a rare fish that's known to exist in only one area of Indiana within the entire Ohio River basin.
The lake sturgeons found in Indiana's East Fork of the White River are the species' last known naturally reproducing population in the six-state Ohio River basin that spans Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia.
The prehistoric-looking species is already state-endangered in Indiana. The Center for Biological Diversity wants the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to also list the species as threatened or endangered nationally.
The Indiana Wildlife Federation, the Hoosier Environmental Council and the Sierra Club's Indiana chapter are backing the center's request for protections for the fish, which can live a century and exceed 8 feet in length.
Designed for different needs, the new hard drives from Seagate and Western Digital confirm the growing data needs but also point to changes in technology. Glass platters may be inside HDDs in the future.
One could almost talk about a terabyte battle, if it wasn't for the fact that Seagate and Western Digital are pointing their products at different types of users. In fact, the Western Digital product is the world's first 14TB enterprise HDD for cloud and hyperscale data centers, while Seagate's offer is geared towards the growing data needs of large enterprise business, small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), and creative professionals, including the inclusion in NAS solutions.
What's interested in this continued growth of capacity is the speed at which it happens and the technologies involved. It's a battle where Western Digital and Seagate are not alone, as Toshiba also announced recently the soon-to-be launched 14TB helium-filled hard disk drive, helium being used to reduce friction inside the drive. The rise in capacity is creating a problem, though: the physical limitations of the actual technology. A Japanese company, Hoya, believes that as HDD rise to capacities of 20TB, around 2020, glass will be used for the platter substrate, as it provides increased rigidity, lightweight, and less expansion due to heat – compared to aluminum.
Hoya started development of glass memory disks in 1980 with chemically strengthened glass. In 1996, the company's technological partnership with IBM led Hoya to ramp up production capacity that included glass dissolving and pressing. In later years, surface flatness and superior shock resistance of glass substrates have been appraised in the industry and quickly been adapted mostly to mobile devices. In fact, Hoya knows what it is talking about, as currently the company supplies glass substrates for use in 2.5-inch HDDs designed for laptop computers.
According to Hoya, glass platters can deliver a denser platter structure and lower energy use, and the company believes it has the solution. The company has prototyped glass substrates measuring 0.5mm and 0.381mm thick, which would allow the placement of a dozen substrates in a single 3.5-inch HDD, more than allowed in current high-capacity 12TB drives, which have seven substrates. Another significant advantage of glass substrates is its good fit for heat assisted magnetic recording (HAMR) tech, which is expected to become the mainstream in the future.
While we wait for the next developments in the technology, the new products from Western Digital and Seagate are reaching the market. Western Digital's HGST-branded Ultrastar Hs14 delivers 40 percent more capacity and more than twice the sequential write performance of its predecessor, enabling more economical and efficient capture of the growing volume and variety of data.
As data grows exponentially, storing it all in an affordable and accessible manner is an ongoing challenge for enterprise and cloud service data center operators. With a focus on total cost of ownership (TCO), the factors of capacity per rack, power consumption, cooling, maintenance, and acquisition cost are all paramount. To combat the big data challenge, Ultrastar Hs14 drives deliver unprecedented capacity leadership and online watt/TB power efficiency for extremely low TCO by harnessing two core complmentary technologies – fourth generation HelioSeal technology, and second generation host-managed SMR – along with enterprise-class relaibility. Western Digital believes that “these mature, field-proven technologies provide the foundation for delivering efficiency, quality and reliable performance required by cloud and hyperscale environments, perfect for ultra-dense scale-out storage systems running sequential write workloads.”
“Over 70 percent of the exabytes Western Digital ships into the capacity enterprise segment are on helium-based high capacity drives and continue to support customers with outstanding reliability, performance and value Quality of Service (QoS),” said Mark Grace, senior vice president of devices at Western Digital. “The TCO and reliability benefits of our HelioSeal platform is the foundation of our leadership in high capacity enterprise storage.”
On Seagate's side the IronWolf, IronWolf Pro and BarraCuda Pro hard drives are now available at capacities up to 12TB. Offering, according to the company, “the highest capacity, reliability and performance in the industry among network-attached storage (NAS) and desktop HDDs, Seagate's 12TB IronWolf and BarraCuda Pro drives further extend the capabilities of the leading Seagate Guardian Series to meet the growing data needs of large enterprise business, small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), and creative professionals.”
A recent study by by IDC and Seagate point to a massive increase in the volume of data created, indicating that data creation will swell to a total of 163 zettabytes (ZB) by 2025, 10x more than today. Seagate's latest portfolio of 12TB drives are designed for today's media storage needs – including augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR), 4K resolution and 360-degree videos – and offer scalability for the future with increased space and speed.
“Our storage hungry customers and partners continue to ask for our latest and greatest technology along with increased capacity and performance in our purpose built products,” said Matt Rutledge, senior vice president of Business Marketing at Seagate Technology. “With the 12TB Pro products, Seagate buyers are overcoming capacity constraints in their systems and can access vast amounts of digital data anytime, from anywhere.”
For desktop computers, Seagate brings the 12TB BarraCuda Pro, presented by the company as the fastest, highest-capacity and most reliable hard drive for desktop computing available on the market today. With 12TB of capacity—double the space of its closest competitor — the BarraCuda Pro can meet any number of demanding data management needs from creative editing workflows to gaming to desktop computing. The drive's high speed means that data-intensive activities like large file transfers and photo-editing are faster when using BarraCuda Pro.
The 12TB IronWolf and IronWolf Pro, on the other hand, are indicated for use in NAS systems. Offering “the highest capacity, reliability, performance and system scalability in the industry, Seagate's 12TB IronWolf and IronWolf Pro HDDs empower customers to centralize their data onto NAS systems to ensure round-the-clock access for multiple users. At 12TB and in only a 3.5 inch form factor, IronWolf and IronWolf Pro offer more capacity in less space, meeting the needs for file-sharing, remote access and backup for SMBs, enterprises and creative professionals. “
“Whether it's storing your family photos, collaborating on important documents at work, or protecting your home with our video surveillance solutions, Synology NAS enthusiasts will be excited by the addition of Seagate's 12TB IronWolf drives,” said Alex Wang, CEO of Synology America Corp. “By working together, Seagate and Synology are providing great ways for people to safeguard their digital lives and get the most out of their private cloud.”
The new 12TB drives also support Seagate's leading IronWolf Health Management (IHM) software. Designed to operate on enabled Synology DiskStation NAS, Asustor NAS, and QNAP NAS, populated with Seagate IronWolf or IronWolf Pro drives, IHM improves the overall system reliability by displaying actionable prevention, intervention or recovery options for the user and will be available within the next quarter with NAS partners.
“We are excited with Seagate's launch of the industry's largest capacity NAS drive – the 12TB IronWolf and IronWolf Pro,” said Meiji Chang, general manager of QNAP, adding “QNAP has collaborated with Seagate for many years on product and technology enhancements, working with them to create the best hard drives for NAS users. We believe that Seagate's new IronWolf family provides the performance, reliability, and capacity needed to dependably store the vast data generated by virtualization, high-resolution media workflows, the Internet of Things, and other applications driven by modern QNAP NAS solutions.”
The 12TB versions of IronWolf, IronWolf Pro and BarraCuda Pro are now shipping to customers worldwide. Follow the link for more information on the Seagate Guardian Series.
Hard disk drives may be offering higher capacities, but many ask if HDD will be around much longer, with SSD being so popular. According to one article published by Nikkei, people related to the HDD industry consider that there is no limit on the demand for larger capacity and that HDDs, because of their low cost/high capacity will continue to be preferred for a long time. The development of new technologies for HDD is also a reason why the support is so popular, and the change to glass platters may well represent a drastic step in the dissemination of high-capacity HDDs. Although, with a heart of glass, the idea of a hard Drive crash may gain a whole new meaning.
Was This Post Helpful:
A photo of the Istanbul nightclub shooting suspect released by Turkish police on Monday. Istanbul police
Police in Istanbul released Monday what they said was an image of the suspect taken from security footage.
“Efforts to find the terrorist are continuing,” Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu told reporters Sunday. “God willing, he will be caught in a short period of time. This was a massacre, a truly inhuman savagery.”
Twenty-eight of the dead were foreigners, Turkish Health Ministry officials said.
Canadian, Iraqi, Saudi, Indian, Lebanese, Tunisian, Kuwaiti and Syrian citizens are among the dead.
A man who assaulted two work colleagues on a night out appeared before Kilcock District Court on July 3.
Andrei Zarea (32), 20 Carton Court, Maynooth, appeared before Judge Desmond Zaidan at the sitting held in Naas.
The Court was told that he assaulted two female colleagues at Main Street, Maynooth on July 10.
Garda Sgt Jim Kelly, prosecuting, said the defendant and the two woman had been out with others on the evening.
Sgt Kelly said that he assaulted one of the ladies around 1.30am in the morning, causing bruises and other injuries to her.
When the other colleague went to intervene in order to help her friend, Mr Zarea pushed her.
Judge Zaidan asked what led to the argument or how it had started.
Sgt Kelly said “some verbals started.”
David Powderly, solicitor for Mr Zarea, who worked in IT, but was now with a different company to the one he was working in when the assault took place, said that his client sought an adjournment to make certain proposals to the Court. Mr Powderly also said that there were two letters of apology in the court for the two injured parties. The case has been adjourned until October 16 for further progress.
Acrobat plunges 40 feet after safety net fails This shocking footage shows the horrific moment a woman trapeze artist falls 40 feet in front of a packed circus audience in Belarus. Yulia Tikaeva, 20, suffered serious head injuries after...
Speeding tank skids off the road in middle of city When you're an armored tank driver and you're late for a parade, perhaps putting the pedal to the metal in the middle of town isn't a great idea. On Saturday,...
European country imposes 'social parasite' tax on the poor A European nation has hit upon a novel idea to reduce poverty: Fine people for being poor. Belarus, which lies between Russia and Poland and was formerly part of the...
Teen who killed 'just for fun' says he hopes to do it again A teenager who killed a woman and seriously injured two others “just for fun” at a shopping mall said Monday he hopes to continue murdering people when he gets out...
Dems' Supreme miscalculation and other notable comments Conservative: Real Reason Dems Once Backed Gorsuch Ten years ago, recalls Philip Wegmann in the Washington Examiner, Democrats took “a gamble” in 2006 by backing President George W. Bush's nomination...
Svetlana Alexievich of Belarus wins Nobel Prize in literature STOCKHOLM — Belarusian writer Svetlana Alexievich won the Nobel Prize in literature on Thursday for works that the prize judges called “a monument to suffering and courage.” Alexievich, 67, used...
'Apocalyptic' dust storm descends upon Belarus Run for the hills! A potent dust storm swept through Belarus this week — turning day into night in a scene straight out the Book of Revelation. Stunning video shows the...
As David Atlanta adds Snapchat, here's a good reminder for all of us on how not to do social media.
By Mike Fleming
As of 2017, some of you have been reading David for an amazing 20 years. We love that and strive to expand upon and stay true to our legacy of gay culture, nightlife and entertainment for gay men in Atlanta, while still growing with the times.
Back in the day, our interaction with you stopped when you picked up our print copy. Now we come to you every day with digital content, contests, giveaways, galleries and updates via our social feeds. You like us on Facebook, tweet us on Twitter and follow us on Instagram, and we are better for it.
We already hit you with those 5 annoying gay couples on Instagram. Now it's time to Snap to Us on Snapchat as well. As you add our snaps at @davidatlantamag for events, live Seen@s, Behind the Scenes looks at our process, and more, we thought it would be fun to revisit some guidelines for all of us on social media. We see thousands of you each week,and it looks like we all might be able to use a refresher.
Here are some mistakes we can each vow to make less often – so we can give those who do them an Eye-Roll of Judgment.
Awkward Usernames
Search function on Insta and Snap are less dynamic than other social sites, so the more you mess with your real name, the less likely people can find you and interact with you. While friends love calling you ‘Sassafrass,' that hot guy who peeped you isn't looking you up that way.
Pro tip: Use the same name across all platforms for consistency: Facebook, Twitter, Insta and Snap.
Drunk Posts
Speaking of that guy looking you up, don't post embarrassing stuff while wasted. Snapchat has the added bonus of going away after 24 hours, but Screen Captures are forever. Besides, by the time it expires or you delete it, the damage to your reputation might already be done.
Pro tip: Give your phone to a trusted friend if you're going to be tempted while tipsy and have no chill skill.
Hashtag Overkill
Instagram relies heavily on hashtags to reach people. While they're necessary, don't alienate people with copy-pasted popular tags.
Pro tip: Choose five or so #relevant ones to go with your image, and even if ironic tags are your superpower, keep it to a reasonable number.
Too Busy
Take time to interact with your followers. If you post but ignore comments, you look like you are too good, too important, or too busy to bother.
Pro tip: Don't be that guy.
Don't Lurk
In the same vein, turnabout is fair play. Comment on other people's Snaps and Instas! Engage with other users, keep it positive, and don't hang in the shadows.
Pro tip: On Snapchat, people can see who watched their posts. If you watch but never comment, you look like a creeper.
Selfie Sickness
By now, most of us post and snap our outfits, haircuts and filter faces. It's cool, but we all also know when it's too much. You don't need a selfie a day, and definitely not more than one a day.
Pro tip: Keep it to your very best shots and always make it about the photo and not about you
Space Out
Don't crowd your snaps and posts back-to-back. Space them out over time so you don't crowd your followers feeds and piss people off.
Pro tip: Never, but especially back-to-back, share repeats of the same thing. Pick the best one and don't be redundant.
Redundancy
It's tempting to repost and share the same thing across all your feeds. Don't. Well, sometimes it's OK, but why would I follow you on Snapchat if the shares are the same as your Instagram? Be original.
Pro tip: Each platform offers its best sharing methods: Video to Snapchat, gorgeous images to Instagram, commentary to Twitter, and articles or links to Facebook.
Follow for Follow?
One way to build your following is to trade follows, but be careful. If your feed is packed with a bunch of crap you don't care about, you're less likely to use it.
Pro tip: As every gay man knows, reciprocity is great, but you're not obligated to follow everyone who follows you.
Don't Show Your Ass
Now, this goes for those figurative flubs, but we actually mean it literally. Gay men who post bathroom booty – you know who you are – are on screen caps on other guys' phones all over town – nay, the world.
Pro tip: If sexy Snaps are your thing, by all means, post away. Just know it and embrace it, or be sorry later.
Find daily updates from David Atlanta on Instagram and Snapchat @DAVIDatlantaMag. We'll try to be good, or at least good at it.
A Houston, Texas woman tried to set a car on fire with herself and her three young daughters still inside, police say. Police say Ana Segovia eventually fled the vehicle being arrested. She is charged with three counts of aggravated assault. Click2Houston Broadcast/Screenshot
We're just over a month away from the return of Kratos - now heavily bearded and accompanied by a son - and the God of War series, and if you were thinking of making this violent journey through Norse mythology your first 4K gaming experience, Sony has just the thing for you. A limited edition God of War-themed PS4 Pro bundle will launch alongside the game, in which you'll find a customised console with a design apparently inspired by Kratos' all-new axe, as well as a Leviathan Grey DualShock 4 and a copy of the game. Pre-order at GAME for £379.99.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
BEIRUT: The evacuation of a group of Syrian rebels and refugees from a border enclave in Lebanon back into Syrian territory started on Monday, Hezbollah-affiliated Al-Manar TV reported.
About 300 rebels from a group called Saraya Ahl Al-Sham as well as about 3,000 refugees are to leave Lebanon under a deal that followed an assault by the Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah on insurgent positions last month.
A convoy of 40 buses had left for the Syrian border, Al-Manar said.
Their departure will leave a Daesh enclave as the last militant stronghold straddling the border near the Lebanese town of Arsal, which is home to tens of thousands of refugees.
The transfer, and another one early this month of Nusra Front fighters and refugees, echoes deals struck within Syria in which Damascus has shuttled rebels and civilians to opposition areas.
On Friday, the Lebanese security official overseeing the arrangements, General Abbas Ibrahim, said a group of civilians would go to Assal Al-Ward, an area just across the border from Arsal and held by the Syrian government.
The fighters and their families will go to another part of Syria which he did not identify. A military media unit run by Hezbollah last week said they would go to the rebel-held town of Al-Ruhaiba in the Eastern Qalamoun region.
Hezbollah is a Lebanese Shiite group that has played a big battlefield role in Syria's civil war on the side of President Bashar Assad.
Last month it defeated rebels in the insurgent enclaves near the border in Lebanon and forced the hard-line Islamist Nusra Front group to leave. About 7,000 refugees departed with them for a rebel-held part of northwest Syria.
The Lebanese army is expected soon to assault the Daesh pocket in the same area.
That would end a period of several years in which armed groups from inside Syria held positions in the hills around Arsal, the most serious spillover of the s civil war into Lebanon.
More than 1 million Syrian refugees are sheltering in Lebanon, about a quarter of its total population. Hezbollah has stepped up calls for the Lebanese government to engage directly with Damascus over the return of refugees to Syria.
Syria's opposition has criticized previous evacuations of civilians under cease-fire deals as amounting to the forced transfer of populations, something Damascus denies.
The growing number of evacuation deals for fighters and civilians from besieged rebel areas inside Syria over the past year has helped Assad solidify his hold in several parts of the country.
Lebanon's General Security, the government agency that negotiated Monday's transfer, said all the civilians returning were doing so voluntarily.
Commonwealth Bank of Australia (ASX:CBA) has increased IT services spend for the first half of 2017 by 58 per cent, reaching close to $1.2 billion during six months.
Announced via the ASX, the results come as part of the organisation's half year financial results ending 31 December 2016.
The company's IT services expenses are a marked increase from its previous half year figures, ending 30 June 2016.
That half year saw its IT services spend total to $733 million, 58 per cent less than its spend this half year.
According to the company, the expenses this half year increased as a result of the "one-off expense" stemming from the acceleration of amortisation on certain software assets.
It added that underlying expenses increased by four per cent from the previous half year due to higher software licensing, lease, and amortisation costs, partly offset by a reduction in investment spend.
Comparing the results of 1H17 to the same period last year, CBA's IT services spend increased by 54 per cent and its underlying expenses increased by one per cent.
Across the board, the company also reported a statutory Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) of $4.89 billion, up six per cent from same time last year and a cash NPAT of $4.9 billion, up two per cent from same time last year.
CBA also identified that, going forward, technology will be on the forefront of its agenda.
With 5.8 million customers now using digital (making up 53 per cent of total transactions) and having 80 per cent of its logins via mobile, the bank is on the way to reaching its goals.
Mid last year, CBA CEO, Ian Narev, said that his organisation would be ‘toast' within 10 years if it didn't innovate.
“Our contribution to Australia's economic growth must continue to be the combination of strength and innovation that has served Australia well through global volatility.
"So we will continue to manage our balance sheet, and our expenditure, conservatively,” Narev said.
“But we will also continue to invest confidently so we can play our part in the bright future that we see for Australia.”
In comparison, the Bank of Queensland (ASX:BOQ) reported in October last year that it has seen its IT expenses increase to $92 million for the year ending August 2016 – a 12 per cent rise on the $82 million in IT expenses it cited the previous year.
Westpac (ASX:WBC), in November last year, pointed to software maintenance and licence costs increases after seeing its annual tech expenses rise by $171 million, reporting technology-related expenses of $1.9 billion for the financial year ending September 2016.
At the time of writing, CBA's shares were trading at $84.66.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
'Voice' contestant calls Kelly Clarkson a 'bubble of joy' Dylan Hartigan never planned on competing to win “The Voice.” His mother, Denise Hartigan, a casting agent, put him up to it. “I can't say no to that woman,” says...
Adam Levine buys $35.5M Beverly Hills estate The mansion is said to have been purchased from “Will & Grace” creator Max Mutchnick.
Adam Levine puts two homes up for sale worth a whopping $35 mil Maroon 5 frontman and “The Voice” coach Adam Levine put two multimillion-dollar mansions in Los Angeles up for sale in just 24 hours. He and his wife, Victoria's Secret model...
Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber win Halloween Rande Gerber and Cindy Crawford once again were the king and queen of Halloween.
The traditional wisdom that eating salty foods makes you thirsty could be just an old wives' tale, scientists claim.
It follows a study into “astronauts” on simulated flights to Mars.
Two groups of ten male volunteers were sealed into a mock spaceship.
A salty diet caused them to drink less, triggering a mechanism to conserve water in the kidneys.
The findings are from the German Aerospace Centre, Max Delbruck Centre for Molecular Medicine and Vanderbilt University in Tennessee.
Prof. Friedrich C. Luft, Managing Director of the Charité University Hospital, Berlin, said: “It's not solely a waste product, as has been assumed.
“Instead, it turns out to be a very important osmolyte – a compound that binds to water and helps transport it.
“Its function is to keep water in when our bodies get rid of salt.
“Nature has apparently found a way to conserve water that would otherwise be carried away into the urine by salt.”
Before the study, scientists had believed that the charged sodium and chloride ions in salt grabbed onto water molecules and dragged them into the urine.
The new findings change the way scientists have thought about the process by which the body achieves water homeostasis – maintaining a proper amount and balance.
Prof. Jens Titze, MD of the University of Erlangen and Vanderbilt University Medical Centre, said: “We now have to see this process as a concerted activity of the liver, muscle and kidney.
“While we didn't directly address blood pressure and other aspects of the cardiovascular system, it's also clear that their functions are tightly connected to water homeostasis and energy metabolism.”
Britain and France are working on a plan to make social media companies like Facebook and Twitter legally liable for "extremist" material on their sites, their leaders said Tuesday.
British Prime Minister Theresa May described the plan as a counterterrorism initiative at a news conference in Paris with French President Emmanuel Macron. She said it would "ensure that the internet cannot be used as a safe space for terrorists and criminals and that it cannot be used to host the radicalizing material that leads to so much harm."
French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Theresa May at the Elysee Palace in Paris on Tuesday. Philippe Wojazer / Reuters
ITV, NBC News' British news partner, reported that the initiative would press tech companies to establish an industry-led forum to develop shared solutions to the problem, a policy agreed upon last month at the G7 Summit in Italy.
Related: Latest Attack Renews Debate Over Extremists' Use of Social Media
May and Macron said the initiative would try to work out a way to encourage companies like Facebook and Google, the owner of YouTube, to quickly find and rapidly remove extremist materials. If that doesn't work, companies could be considered legally liable for the material and subject to fines.
"We are already working with social media companies to halt the spread of extremist material and poisonous propaganda that is warping young minds, but we know they need to do more," May said Tuesday.
Macron acknowledged the delicacy of balancing punitive measures with preservation of users' privacy and free speech, suggesting that European countries should consult with U.S. law enforcement agencies "to improve access to digital proofs that are used in our police and judicial investigations, wherever this data is located."
Related: Where Do We Draw the Line When It Comes to Free Speech Online?
After the terrorist attack that killed seven people in London on June 3, May accused U.S. tech companies of not having done enough to weed out extremists in cyberspace.
"There is, to be frank, too much tolerance of extremism in our country," she said at the time. "We cannot allow this ideology the safe space it needs to breed. Yet that is precisely what the internet and the big companies that provide internet-based service provide."
In reaction, Google told NBC News that company leaders "share the government's commitment to ensuring terrorists do not have a voice online."
Twitter said that in the second half of 2016, it suspended more than 376,000 accounts for violations related to the promotion of terrorism.
And Facebook responded: "We work aggressively to remove terrorist content from our platform as soon as we become aware of it."
As Marcel Somerville and Gabby Allen become the latest duo to call it quits, we look at who's still together from last year's Love Island
For some, last year's Love Island was the answer to finding true love. For others, it was just a holiday romance.
Advertisement
Most recently, after rumours of cheating, Marcel Somerville and Gabby Allen confirmed they had sadly separated.
But nearly one year on, which of the couples who spent their summer in the villa are still together? And who have gone their separate ways?
Kem Cetinay and Amber Davies – SPLIT
Aside from the odd recoupling drama, Kem Cetinay and Amber Davies seemed to be the perfect match.
It was no surprise that the pair won the hearts of the nation and were voted Love Island winners, scooping (and then fairly splitting) the £50,000 prize money.
But sadly in December the two announced they had parted ways. “With sadness, we've decided to separate. Our schedules made it difficult. We'll remain good friends,” a statement said.
Since then, Kem has joked it could be “second time lucky” and that he wouldn't mind another summer in the villa. Could he be the first contestant to take part in more than one series of Love Island?
Camilla Thurlow and Jamie Jewitt – TOGETHER
After a string of unsuccessful dates and a break up with Jonny Mitchell after that feminism row, it looked like Camilla was destined to be unlucky in love.
And then a whole 31 days after she entered the villa, in came Jamie Jewitt. The pair quickly became a favourite with fans and ended up finishing the series as runners-up.
We're pleased to say, nearly 12 months later, the pair are as loved-up as ever:
Chris Hughes and Olivia Attwood – SPLIT (for now)
These two were on and off more than a light switch during their time in the villa, and since leaving Love Island things haven't been all that dissimilar.
The pair starred in their own ITVBe spin-off called Chris and Olivia: Crakin' On in which they rowed, rowed and rowed again – until they finally parted ways.
However, since confirming their split, Olivia has hinted there could be a potential reconciliation some time down the line. “I still protest that Chris' and I am the greatest love story and there is yet to be more chapters,” she has said. So, watch this space.
Marcel Somerville and Gabby Allen – SPLIT
After dating for nearly a year, the shock news came in May 2018 that Marcel and Gabby had broken up. And no, we can't believe it either. Sad face.
After rumours of cheating, a rep for Marcel said: “Sadly the rumours are true, Gabby and Marcel have split up. Marcel can't really defend his actions as he knows he did wrong and will regret it forever.
“Marcel is upset that he broke the heart of someone he loves and someone that he shared so many special moments with, but with all the good times there are difficult times, and sadly Marcel and Gabby had been in a bad place at this stage.
“Gabby was a special part of Marcel's life, and he hopes one day she can find it in herself to forgive him. He knows what he did was wrong and is extremely sad about how he has hurt Gabby.”
Meanwhile, Gabby shared a tweet saying she was in “shock” at what had happened.
Montana Brown and Alex Beattie – SPLIT
This one wasn't such a shock. About 3.7 seconds after leaving the villa, Montana Brown and Alex Beattie went their separate ways – and it seems that Montana was the one who instigated it.
Speaking to The Sun soon after their break up, Alex said: “She made me single, so now I am. I've got no pressure now and I can just focus on myself and do the best I can.”
He added: “I had super strong feelings for her in the villa and when we came out. I was gutted when she ended it, I wasn't expecting it. It was more her, I was willing to fight. I was going to cancel PAs but she's a strong woman, she wanted to do her own thing.”
Jessica Shears and Dom Lever – TOGETHER
They might've been the first to be kicked out of the villa, but Jess and Dom haven't let that stop them.
In fact, the pair created one of the naffest moments in TV history when they were ‘married' (sort of) by Richard Arnold live on Good Morning Britain on Valentine's Day while wearing swimwear. And being heckled by Jeremy Kyle.
If this doesn't say love, we don't know what does.
Advertisement
Love Island returns to ITV2 this summer
WASHINGTON, DC – The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) today awarded $242.7 million to help the U.S. Virgin Islands to recover from Hurricanes Irma and Maria.
HUD's Deputy Secretary Pamela Hughes Patenaude announced the disaster recovery grants with Governor Kenneth E. Mapp during a tour of damaged homes in St. Thomas.
These recovery funds awarded today are provided through HUD's Community Development Block Grant – Disaster Recovery (CDBG-DR) Program and will support long-term recovery, including infrastructure, seriously damaged housing, and economic recovery in the Territory.
“President Trump and the entire HUD family stand with the people of the Virgin Islands to help them recover from these devastating hurricanes,” said HUD Secretary Ben Carson. “These recovery funds will help with broad based economic recovery including damaged homes. As local leaders, along with their citizens, develop their recovery plans, HUD will reduce regulatory barriers and remove any unnecessary roadblocks to speed long-term recovery.”
“We are immensely grateful that HUD is helping to support the long-term recovery underway in the U.S. Virgin Islands,” said Governor Mapp. “We are developing a thoughtful plan to restore our housing stock and support our local business community – together we will rebuild smarter and stronger. I would also like to thank HUD Deputy Secretary Pam Patenaude for her personal visit and sincere interest in the Territory's recovery effort.”
Background
On September 8, 2017, President Trump signed Public Law 115-56 which appropriated $7.4 billion in CDBG-DR funding for major disasters declared in calendar year 2017. To distribute these funds, HUD is required by law to direct the funds to the areas most impacted by qualifying disasters HUD will continue to work with the government of the US Virgin Islands to address its remaining unmet needs.
In making today's allocation to the U.S. Virgin Islands, HUD relied upon a wide variety of disaster-related information, including data from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the Small Business Administration (SBA), to determine the extent of unmet housing and small business needs in the areas most impacted by the disasters.
HUD's analysis found thousands of middle- and lower-income homeowners and renters experienced serious damage to their residences and who were not adequately insured (or uninsured) for their losses. Similarly, businesses suffered serious damage that is not adequately covered by insurance or other resources.
The grant announced today is designed to help meet needs not being met by private insurance or other sources of federal assistance.
CDBG-DR grants support a variety of disaster recovery activities including housing redevelopment and rebuilding, business assistance, economic revitalization, and infrastructure. Grantees are required to spend the majority of these recovery funds in “most impacted” areas as identified by HUD. HUD will issue administrative guidelines shortly for use of the funds to address grantees' long-term recovery needs, particularly in the area of housing recovery.
ALMOST ONE IN six Irish households has no adults of working age in employment, according to the Department of Social Protection.
A jobless household is one where no adult in the household it's working, it excludes households made up completely of students or adults over 65.
New figures released this week show that there are 253,000 such households in Ireland, out of a total of 1,440,600.
It gives Ireland a rate of jobless households of 17.6%, slightly above the EU average of 17.3%.
Minister for Social Protection Regina Doherty gave the figures in a response to a question from Fianna Fáil TD Willie O'Dea, noting that the rate had dropped from 23% in 2012.
Despite the drop, O'Dea has said that the figure suggests that Ireland's economic recovery is not reaching everyone in society.
“The relatively high rate of jobless households in Ireland is deeply concerning,” the Limerick TD said today.
“The figures underscore that significant problems remain to be overcome when you look beyond the main headline employment figures.”
Fine Gael have been in Government for seven years now and despite their constant spin on employment, the fact of the matter is that 253,000 of relevant households are deemed to be without a job.
Ireland's unemployment rate has declined sharply in recent years and currently sits at 6.4%, down from approximately 11% three years ago.
But while delivering the figures in the Dáil last month, the minister acknowledged joblessness among families sometimes is not represented in the headline unemployment rate.
“Relevant groups, not normally considered to be unemployed, include economically inactive lone parents, people with disabilities, and the adult dependants of unemployed people, all of whom might benefit from closer attachment to employment and the labour market,” the minister said.
Doherty said that the government has implemented numerous measures in an attempt to engage with people in these situations, including what she said were “key policy initiatives”.
WORTHINGTON, Ohio (AP) — Police say an Ohio high school student faces criminal charges after officers found a handgun in a backpack on the school campus.
The unidentified student was arrested Thursday morning at Thomas Worthington High School outside of Columbus. Worthington police say the student will be charged with felony possession of a deadly weapon in a school safety zone and misdemeanor charges of carrying a concealed weapon and inducing panic.
Police are investigating whether a second student had the gun earlier in the day.
Worthington High School Principal Pete Scully sent an email to families Thursday that said school officials contacted police after being told the student had a gun.
Scully's email said no threats had been made by the student.
Anthem-Cigna merger blocked despite ties to White House Anthem's efforts to buy Cigna were dealt a potentially fatal blow Friday despite the health insurance giant's deep connections to the White House. A US appeals court blocked health insurer...
Anthem CEO's $3M salary hike draws criticism from Wall Street Anthem Chairman and Chief Executive Joseph Swedish's 21 percent hike in total 2016 compensation drew criticism from Wall Street on Monday. The health insurer's stock was a laggard in the...
Feds KO $54B Anthem-Cigna deal President Obama has been out of office 20 days but his antitrust cops are still knocking down mergers. A federal judge on Wednesday ruled the $54 billion mega-merger between health...
Judge to block mega-merger of Anthem and Cigna A federal judge is expected to block a proposed mega-merger between Anthem and Cigna — a $54 billion deal that would create the nation's biggest health insurer — as soon...
Cigna up in arms over Anthem's 'breach' of agreement One of the nastiest merger quarrels is about to get uglier. Less than six weeks before health insurance giants Cigna and Anthem are supposed to go to court to defend...
US sues to block 2 health insurance mega-mergers The Justice Department on Thursday moved to keep the health insurance industry more competitive by suing to block two mega mergers. The deals — Anthem's $54 billion proposal to buy...
Canadian singers spark political drama at All-Star Game SAN DIEGO — A member of a Canadian singing quartet changed a lyric in his country's national anthem and held up a sign proclaiming “All Lives Matter” during a pregame...
Health insurance mega-merger could be dead soon Anthem Inc., whose $48 billion acquisition of healthcare insurance rival Cigna has run into stiff regulatory headwinds, appears ready to walk away from the deal, The Post has learned. Anthem...
California regulator calls on DOJ to block health insurance mega-merger California's top insurance regulator on Thursday urged the feds to block Aetna's proposed $37 billion deal for rival health insurer Humana, saying the merger could hurt millions of seniors. Insurance...
The defense is slated to begin calling witnesses Thursday morning after the prosecution in the Ray Tensing retrial rested its case.
Coroner testimony
Chief Deputy Coroner Dr. Karen Looman testified Sam DuBose was killed instantly when the bullet from Tensing's gun severed his brain stem on a downward trajectory.
“Would Sam DuBose would have any more thought after that bullet went through his brainstem?”
"No," Looman answered.
“Would he have any more purposeful moment of his arms and legs?”
"No," Looman answered.
Would all his volitional movement have stopped at that point?
"Yes," Looman answered.
In other words, DuBose's had no control as his car sped away from the scene. On cross-examination, the defense made sure jurors knew, over the prosecution's objections, DuBose was in poor health.
The judge stopped the defense just short of allowing Looman to say what was wrong. Tensing is charged with murder and voluntary manslaughter for the 2015 shooting death of DuBose during a traffic stop.
Image copyright National Crime Agency Image caption Josephine Iyamu is the first British national to be prosecuted for Modern Slavery Act offences after trafficking victims outside the UK
A London-based nurse has been jailed for trafficking Nigerian women into Germany to work as prostitutes after subjecting them to "voodoo" rituals.
Josephine Iyamu forced the five women to swear oaths to hand over money to her during "juju" ceremonies.
Iyamu, 51, formerly of Bermondsey, was convicted of arranging or facilitating travel for sexual exploitation and perverting the course of justice.
She was jailed for 14 years at Birmingham crown Court.
Iyamu became the first British national prosecuted for Modern Slavery Act offences after trafficking victims outside the UK.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "Kiki" was one of Josephine Iyamu's victims
The court heard the women were forced to eat chicken hearts, drink blood containing worms, and have powder rubbed into cuts during the rituals.
Sentencing, Judge Richard Bond said the 51-year-old had shown "a complete disregard for the welfare of these women".
He said she had exposed them to a "real and significant" risk of death as they travelled across the Mediterranean on inflatable boats.
"You saw them not as living, breathing human beings but as commodities to earn you large sums of money," he added.
Image copyright National Crime Agency Image caption Iyamu had a large home in Benin City in Nigeria
Iyamu was born in Liberia, but became a British citizen in 2009 having been allowed to stay in the UK due to her nursing qualifications.
Her husband, 60-year-old Efe Ali-Imaghodor, was acquitted of doing acts intending to pervert the course of justice.
Miami pop singer Camila Cabello and One Direction star Liam Payne have been named two of the headliners for the annual iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour 2017, a 12-concert nationwide tour that concludes Dec. 17 at the BB&T Center in Sunrise.
The full lineup is scheduled to be announced Tuesday, Oct. 10, with tickets on sale beginning at noon Monday, Oct. 16, at iHeartRadio.com/JingleBall.
Cabello's return to the BB&T Center may bring back some awkward memories. It was after her performance in the arena at the Y-100 Jingle Ball 2016 that Cabello made news that rocked pop music with the announcement that she was leaving her old group, Fifth Harmony.
The 20-year-old, Cuban-born Cabello has moved on, last month releasing her first solo album, “The Hurting. The Healing. The Loving.” The album includes the Top 40 singles “OMG” (featuring Quavo) and “Havana,” with Young Thug.
Diplo, the Chainsmokers, Fifth Harmony, Nicky Jam, Alessia Cara, Charlie Puth, Tove Lo, Lukas Graham and Hailee Steinfeld performed at the Y100 Jingle Ball 2016, which took place Dec. 18 at at the BB&T Center in Sunrise.
Other major hits in 2017 for Cabello include “Crying in the Club” and the Major Lazer collaboration “Know No Better” (with Travis Scott and Quavo), which followed her Machine Gun Kelly duet “Bad Things,” the Pitbull-J. Balvin song “Hey Ma” and Shawn Mendes' “I Know What You Did Last Summer.”
This week, Lin-Manuel Miranda announced he would release a fundraising single he described as a “love letter to Puerto Rico,” featuring a long list of guest stars that includes Cabello. Others performing on the song include Luis Fonsi, Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Gloria Estefan, Gina Rodriguez, Jennifer Lopez and John Leguizamo.
Payne is the latest member of One Direction to spin off a successful solo career. His 2017 has included the hit Zedd collaboration “Get Low” and “Strip That Down,” with the ubiquitous Quavo.
For more information, visit Y100.iHeart.com and TheBBTCenter.com.
CAPTION SunFest kicked off May 3 in downtown West Palm Beach and will end on May 7. SunFest kicked off May 3 in downtown West Palm Beach and will end on May 7. CAPTION SunFest kicked off May 3 in downtown West Palm Beach and will end on May 7. SunFest kicked off May 3 in downtown West Palm Beach and will end on May 7. CAPTION A look at some of the best weekend music options, from SunFest and Rolling Loud to the Passenger Festival. A look at some of the best weekend music options, from SunFest and Rolling Loud to the Passenger Festival. CAPTION DJ, producer and remixer MK is back in South Florida for Miami Music Week. He says this is his seventh or eighth year attending the event, though the Los Angeles-based house DJ has been performing in Miami since 1993. MK will play four shows this week in Miami before jetting off to California to play a music festival called Beyond Wonderland. SouthFlorida.com interviewed MK in the lobby of Miami Music Week's official hotel, the Delano in Miami Beach, before his first performance of the week, Shiba San x MK at the FDR Delano. That performance is part of a national tour the pair is doing. MK will play at the Cookout pool party at noon, Thursday, March 23, at the W South Beach and at his curated MK + Friends at the Surfcomber pool on Friday, March 24. He'll close out the week at Bardot on Friday night. Click here for more Miami Music Week parties. DJ, producer and remixer MK is back in South Florida for Miami Music Week. He says this is his seventh or eighth year attending the event, though the Los Angeles-based house DJ has been performing in Miami since 1993. MK will play four shows this week in Miami before jetting off to California to play a music festival called Beyond Wonderland. SouthFlorida.com interviewed MK in the lobby of Miami Music Week's official hotel, the Delano in Miami Beach, before his first performance of the week, Shiba San x MK at the FDR Delano. That performance is part of a national tour the pair is doing. MK will play at the Cookout pool party at noon, Thursday, March 23, at the W South Beach and at his curated MK + Friends at the Surfcomber pool on Friday, March 24. He'll close out the week at Bardot on Friday night. Click here for more Miami Music Week parties. CAPTION Talia J. Medina, Barbara Corbellini Duarte, and Belle Herrera discuss fashion for Ultra Music Festival. Talia J. Medina, Barbara Corbellini Duarte, and Belle Herrera discuss fashion for Ultra Music Festival. CAPTION The new monthly web show by singer-songwriter Jim Camacho will debut March 24 on YouTube and iTunes. The new monthly web show by singer-songwriter Jim Camacho will debut March 24 on YouTube and iTunes.
bcrandell@sun-sentinel.com
Artist rendering courtesy of August Hall.
Ruby Skye and Slide Bar closed earlier in the year and a new concert hall and restaurant/bar are almost ready to open in the space.
Located near Union Square at 420 Mason Street, the building will house the 1000-capacity concert venue named August Hall, a restaurant and bar named Fifth Arrow, and even a multi-lane bowling alley.
August Hall, named after August Headman who built the building in the 1890s, will be promoted and tickets through Live Nation Northern California.
“The room was beaten, tired and almost destroyed after 15 years, but the bones of the building were spectacular,” Jodi Goodman, president at Live Nation Northern California, told Billboard. “I felt like how Bill Graham probably felt when he first went into the Fillmore back in the day.”
Both August Hall and Fifth Arrow should open in early 2018.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for Entercom stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
HONOLULU (AP) – His last presidential vacation behind him, President Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with just two-and-a-half weeks left. His final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before his loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last meeting with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Stockholm syndrome is big on Broadway and at the movies You can't escape this winter's hottest entertainment trend. But it's not ornate British costume dramas or midseason lawyer procedurals. It's neither biopics nor boffo comic-book capers. The buzzy movies and...
'Fifty Shades' will make you dumber The problem is all inside your head, she said to me S&M is easy if you take it logically I'd like to help you with your struggle to tame me...
Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik drop new song from '50 Shades' soundtrack She's back! After disappearing from view following her Snapchat showdown with Kanye West and Kim Kardashian earlier in the year, Taylor Swift quietly put out her first new material since...
This year's most erotic novel makes '50 Shades' look like the Bible If British author L.S. Hilton had her way, her new book “Maestra” would come with a warning label on it. “It would say, ‘THIS IS NOT A LOVE STORY,' ” says...
Marlon Wayans on Oscars: C'mon, it's named after a white dude If “Fifty Shades of Grey” felt like the misogynist's guide to sex, then the feminist response is upon us, and it comes via the new spoof “Fifty Shades of Black,”...
DJ David Mueller speaks during the alleged groping trial with Taylor Swift on August 8, 2017 at the Denver Federal Court in Denver, Colorado. Jeff Kandyba
Martinez previously dismissed Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift because he waited too long to file it.
During closing arguments on Monday, Mueller's lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, told the jury his client would have never compromised his “dream job” to reach under the skirt of one of “the planet's biggest superstars.”
Mueller, he added, is a “guy who by all accounts has been respectful of women and treated them appropriately.”
As McFarland spoke, Swift wept, Reuters reported.
Related:
Taylor Swift's Former Bodyguard Says He Saw DJ Reach Under Singer's Skirt
Doug Baldridge, Swift's lawyer, countered that eight witnesses saw the assault, and that Mueller lost his job because “he grabbed her butt and got caught. Now he's victimizing her again to save his butt.”
In a statement, Swift thanked her lawyers “for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by sexual assault” and said she planned to donate to organizations that assist victims.
“I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this,” she said. “My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard.”
Knoxville's WKGN-AM radio host Cody McClure sparked social media outrage on Saturday when he tweeted an expletive about Loyola-Chicago's 98-year-old chaplain and tournament star Sister Jean.
Loyola-Chicago had advanced to the Sweet 16 on its one-point win over the Volunteers, and McClure responded with the following now-deleted tweet.
Despite deleting the tweet, McClure stood by his poor attempt at humor in an interview with the Chicago Tribune‘s David Haugh.
Via chicagotribune.com:
“I don't regret the joke, no I don't, because of the fact it was a joke,'' McClure said. “For me, I'm wondering when are we as a society going to learn how to take a joke again? Why are we so soft on the Internet, yet in real life people are joking around about things that they wouldn't post online? Pardon my language, but can we stop bull-s******g ourselves for once and have a laugh?”
McClure continued to say that he would apologize to Sister Jean, but still hoped that she would understand his “joke.”
“I would issue an apology to Sister Jean,'' McClure said. “If this were to ever get back to Sister Jean, I would hope that she understood that it was meant to be nothing more than a joke. I'm not some kind of monster. I mean, who would in their heart hate an elderly nun? Clearly, I don't. So I'd be glad to issue an apology to Sister Jean and to anyone who felt that my joke was intended to be anti-Catholic or anti-elderly. It wasn't. It was an observation of the room I was in at the time and the mood people were in.”
You can read more from USA TODAY Sports.
A major exploit leaves every Nintendo Switch susceptible to hacking
If you have a Nintendo Switch gaming console, listen up. It would appear that a new “exploit chain” for Nvidia Tegra X1-based systems outlines an unpatchable process to run random code on all Nintendo Switches.
The post A major exploit leaves every Nintendo Switch susceptible to hacking appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Beyonce comes out behind her record setting Instgram photo announcing her pregnancy and makes her first public appearance at the Grammy's.
A.RICARDO / Shutterstock, Inc.
To help achieve your long-term goals, such as a comfortable retirement, you should save and invest regularly. But that's only part of the picture.
You also need to protect your financial assets in various ways. One such method is guarding your personal information — especially any information that could be linked to your financial accounts. It's obviously important to be vigilant at any time, but you need to be even more on your toes during the holiday season, when fraudsters are particularly active.
So, to help keep your important data under wraps during the holidays, consider these suggestions:
Extend your protection to all mobile devices. Identity thieves can now compromise your mobile devices by installing spyware that steals usernames, passwords and credit card information. Fortunately, you can fight back. By doing a little research online, you can find the best mobile security software for your needs.
Use multiple passwords. Online security specialists recommend that you use different passwords for each new online shopping site you visit during the holiday season.
Although this might seem like a hassle, it can be helpful, because even if identity thieves were to grab one of your new passwords, they still couldn't use it for other sites you may visit. And you can even find a free online program that can help you keep track of all your passwords.
Be suspicious of “huge savings.” It happens every holiday season — identity thieves develop fake sites with attractive graphics and stunningly low prices on a variety of items, especially digital devices. If you fall for these pitches, you won't get any merchandise, but you might get a handful of headaches once the bad guys have your credit card number and other personal information. To prevent this, be wary of any deal that sounds too good to be true, and do some digging on the websites that offer these mega-savings.
Watch for fake shipping notices. During the holidays, when you may do a lot of online shopping, you will probably receive some legitimate shipping notices. But the bad guys have gotten pretty good at generating fake notices designed to resemble those from UPS, FedEx and even Canada Post. If you were to click on the link provided by one of these bogus notices, you could either take on some malware or get taken to a “phishing” website created by the shipping notice forgers. Your best defence: Only shop with legitimate merchants and only use the tracking numbers given to you in the email you received immediately after making your purchases.
Keep your social insurance number to yourself. As a general rule, don't give out your social insurance number online — to anyone. No legitimate retailer needs this number.
Finally, be aware that not all attempts at stealing your personal information will come online. When you're out shopping at old-fashioned, brick-and-mortar stores, consider bringing just one credit card with you — and protect that card from prying eyes.
By following these precautions, you should be able to greatly reduce the risk of being victimized by identity thieves and other miscreants. And the more comfortable you are in doing your holiday shopping, the more you can enjoy the season.
— John Beyer, CFP, is a financial adviser with the Niagara Falls Brokerage firm of Edward Jones. Visit the website at www.edwardjones.com.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA (CNN/RNN) – A 32-year-old woman is dead and many are injured after a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, VA, Saturday.
The woman was killed after police say 20-year-old James Alex Fields drove his Dodge Challenger into a crowd of counter-protesters as they walked in the opposite direction on the street. Fields, of Maumee, Ohio, is being held without bail on murder and other charges related to the hit-and-run, officials said.
Hours after the crash, two law officers were killed in a helicopter crash 7 miles southwest of the city. Police said the helicopter was assisting law enforcement officers monitor the rally in Charlottesville.
Lt. H. Jay Cullen of Midlothian and Trooper-Pilot Burke M.M. Bates of Quinton were killed in the crash, Virginia State Police reports.
In an emotional news conference, Virginia Gov.Terry McAuliffe sent a message to the white nationalists who held the rally.
“Go home. You came here today to hurt people,” McAuliffe said. “We are stronger than you…There is no place for you in America.”
Charlottesville City Manager Maurice Jones said at the conference that 14 people were treated for injuries, “ranging from life-threatening to mild.”
Speaking at his golf club in Bedminster, NJ, President Donald Trump spoke about the violence at a previously scheduled press conference about veterans' healthcare and said we have to “heal the wounds of our country.”
He drew bipartisan criticism for not denouncing white nationalists and Nazis by name. A startling criticism came from conservative Set. Orin Hatch, R-Utah, who invoked the memory of his brother who was killed in World War II.
We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home. -OGH — Senator Hatch Office (@senorrinhatch) August 12, 2017
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides,” Trump said. “No citizen should ever fear for their safety and security in our society. No child should ever be afraid to go outside and play.”
The president said he had a conversation with McAuliffe and would provide any federal support needed to help the state.
“Hate and division must stop, and must stop right now. We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation and true affection for each other,” Trump said. “We have so many great things going on in our country, when I watch Charlottesville, to me it's very, very sad.”
Despite mentioning several things he said were going in the right direction, like unemployment and job creation, Trump said it's important to find out why violence continues.
“No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all American first. We love our country, we love our God, we love our flag, we're proud of our country, we're proud of who we are,” Trump said. “So we want to the get this situation straightened out and we want to study it and we want to see what we're doing wrong as a country where things like this can happen.”
Trump did not take questions following his remarks.
Earlier Saturday, an altercation broke out during the “Unite the Right” rally. The injuries at that incident were described as serious, but non-life-threatening.
Police declared the outbreak of violence represented an unlawful assembly and told the crowds to disperse. McAuliffe called the violence “unacceptable” and declared a state of emergency and the National Guard aided in policing the event.
Below is the Governor's statement regarding the emergency declaration he authorized this morning: pic.twitter.com/yS1E9mispG — Terry McAuliffe (@GovernorVA) August 12, 2017
READ MORE: Cleveland19.com
Article Courtesy of CNN and WOIO Cleveland 19 News
First Picture Courtesy of Paul J. Richards and Getty Images
First through Third Tweet, Video, and Second Picture Courtesy of Twitter, CNN, and WOIO Cleveland 19 News
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) -Bibb deputies are investigating a man shot several times after a verbal conflict at a party.
It happened around 2:30 AM Sunday morning.
22 year old Jonathan Castillo went to the party on Taylor Street when he was confronted by another male at the party.
The two began arguing and from there it escalated to gun shots. Castillo was shot in the forearm, leg and had a third bullet graze his abdomen.
He was rushed to Navicent Health Hospital and was last listed in stable condition. No one else was injured during the incident.
If you have any information, you're asked to contact the Bibb County Sheriff's Office at 478-751-7500 or Macon Regional Crime stoppers at 1-877-68CRIME.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
From Gary Thomas
STOCKTON, Ca. (February 14, 2017) – The World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series season officially kicks-off this weekend at Volusia Speedway Park in Florida, where Donny Schatz opens his title defense looking to bring home a ninth career series title. Schatz and the rest of the Outlaws will tackle the Stockton Dirt Track in just over one month's time on Friday & Saturday March 24 & 25 in the FVP Western Spring Shootout.
After narrowly missing out on a victory in 2014 the Fargo, North Dakota veteran has captured three of the last four World of Outlaws events held at the Stockton Dirt Track, including a two-night sweep last season. Schatz passed Grain Valley, Missouri's Brian Brown midway through the feature on opening night and made a late pass of Brownsburg, Indiana's Joey Saldana during the finale en route to the sweep. He hopes to continue the dominance in March at the San Joaquin County Fairgrounds based facility.
Schatz raced to a stellar 25 overall wins with the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series last year and captured the title by a massive 314-points. Included in those triumphs were the prestigious Kings Royal at Eldora Speedway, the Brad Doty Classic at Attica Raceway Park and the Bad Boy World Finals in Charlotte. Schatz will be gunning to have another strong year in 2017 aboard the Tony Stewart Racing/ Arctic Cat No. 15 machine.
A number of drivers will be looking to keep Schatz out of victory lane in Stockton however, including fellow top-five point finishers from last season Daryn Pittman of Owasso, Oklahoma; David Gravel of Watertown, Connecticut; Grass Valley, California's Brad Sweet and Brownsburg, Indiana's Joey Saldana. The Golden State contingent will be led by three-time & defending King of the West 410 Sprint Car Series champion Kyle Hirst, who tallied an impressive podium finish during the finale of the FVP Western Spring Shootout last year.
Camping is also available during the weekend with a number of great spots for RV's on the fairgrounds. To reserve your spot contact 916-370-9417. We will do our best to accommodate everyone as well as we can. There is a two-night minimum for camping at the event. Remember to bring extension cords, water hoses, water hose Y's, & in-ground water spigots if you have them. For a map of the campground visit http://stocktondirttrack.com/rv_camping.pdf
The event will also be the first World of Outlaws test of the track since modifications to bring the front stretch closer to the grandstands at the end of last season. “We're really excited to open the year at the Stockton Dirt Track with the FVP Western Spring Shootout,” said promoter Tony Noceti. “We did a lot of work at the end of 2016 and will continue to try and perfect that going into 2017. We hope everyone will come out in March to see the World of Outlaws and spend the weekend with us. If you have a motor home or trailer we have plenty of room for you, so we definitely encourage everyone to bring the family and all their friends.”
On Saturday morning there will be a pancake breakfast on the fairgrounds from 8am-11am in building two at the end of the camping midway. On Friday morning if you're looking for a good breakfast spot check out the Ranch Coffee Shop, located near the fairgrounds at 1872 E Mariposa Rd, Stockton, CA 95205.
Two-night adult General Admission tickets for the FVP Western Spring Shootout weekend are available for a great value at just $59 and two-night Reserved Grandstand tickets cost only $69. Single-night tickets & box seats are also available. Children 10 & under are free in G.A. only. To reserve your seats simply visit https://dirtcar.ticketforce.com/eventperformances.asp?evt=232 or call (844) 347-8849.
Delta Speedway, also located on the San Joaquin County Fairgrounds, will be running a special micro race on Thursday March 23, making it a three-night happening on the grounds. The Delta Speedway is just a short walk across the parking lot from the camping area behind the grandstands at the Dirt Track.
The Stockton Dirt Track is a lightning fast 4/10 mile clay oval located on the San Joaquin County Fairgrounds in Stockton, California. The physical address is 1658 S Airport Way, Stockton, CA 95206. For information on the speedway visit http://www.stocktondirttrack.com/
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – Colts fans are reacting to the team's dismal season.
“The first thing they need to do is fire Chuck Pagano,” said Raja Mehtab, while outside Lucas Oil Stadium.
“Dismiss Mr. Grigson in my opinion,” said Kristi Schaffer, after buying apparel at the Colts Pro Shop.
This is the second season in a row the team hasn't made the playoffs.
“They definitely need to do some restructuring,” said Kim Pefley, a lifelong Colts fan.
“I think the underlying issues come from the front office and they need to make some serious decisions,” said Schaffer.
The Colts won their last game of the season Sunday against the Jacksonville Jaguars. The Colts went eight and eight this season, the same record as last season.
This is the second time since the 1990's they've not gone to the playoffs in consecutive season.
“You have a star QB, you have a star wide receiver, you kind of have the good running game, you just need to focus on your O (offensive) line and a new coaching staff may be what will shake up the system,” said Mehtab.
Chuck Pagano addressed fans Monday afternoon.
“We're going to go to work, we'll take some time to hit the reset button, hit the recharge button, but we will grind,” he said.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Jessie* is 30 years old, with a full-time job and what she describes as a “happy marriage” — but in secret, she regularly fires off messages cruising for casual sex, masturbates three times a day and constantly fantasizes about steamy, meaningless encounters.
The college graduate believes she has been a sex addict since the age of 14 and has even passed on sexually transmitted infections to her husband because of her reckless behavior.
“I engage in high-risk and detrimental sexual behaviors that I have trouble controlling,” she said, adding that her urges were “intermittent” but had a “serious impact” on her wellbeing and relationships with family, friends and her current and former partners.
“I often feel deep shame as a result, yet I cannot control these actions,” she admitted.
The young woman, who has been diagnosed with anxiety and takes antidepressants, said she has “honestly no idea” what to do about it.
Scientists are still divided over whether sex addiction is really a clinical disorder — and if it is, how it can be accurately identified and treated.
With unfaithful celebrities and even some accused of harassment and assault blaming sex addiction, there is widespread doubt about the condition's veracity. After the revelations about Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey, both checked themselves into rehab, leading three non-profit organizations to come out against the idea that sex or pornography can be addictive.
The field is hard to study because of difficulties in monitoring the brain's arousal over a typical day. But Michael Walton, a researcher at the University of New England in New South Wales, Australia, said, “a small group could be addicted”.
Hypersexuality is variously estimated to affect around 3-6 percent of the population. For others, there may be more complex factors at play.
‘Porn is like cocaine'
When Jordan* was 15, he was having 50 orgasms a day. That may sound like a teenage boy's dream but was for this young man a distressing compulsion that left him feeling depressed and guilty — and failing at school.
The now 19-year-old student, who takes medication for severe clinical depression, believes he has been a sex addict since the age of 13, with his problem peaking two years later when he was spending 14 hours each week masturbating and watching porn. “Porn is like cocaine,” he said. “I feel addicted and I can't stop.”
Walton said there are undoubtedly people who struggle to control their sexual behavior, causing them to experience considerable emotional distress, but their level of sexual activity may vary.
“One of my case studies was married but involved in swinging with their husband,” said Walton, who has surveyed more than 1,500 people over several years while working with psychologists at University of New England and the Center for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto. “They would sleep with multiple people, up to 20 in a weekend, and that person is mostly OK, there may just occasionally be some unease or fatigue. Then you've got someone else who's watching quite a lot of porn and masturbating. You've got someone whose output is way above someone who's feeling distressed.”
The addiction is not necessarily about the specific amount of sex or masturbation people are engaging in — it's about whether their behavior is causing them anxiety. Those at the higher end can also become socially isolated, neglect healthy behavior such as exercise and experience immediate physical issues such as infection or penile trauma.
“A lot of people have a psychological problem of which hypersexuality may be a symptom,” said Walton. “With hypersexual disorder, the numbers are probably a lot lower.”
“It could be a symptom of a host of things. For a lot of people, it could be about sexual satisfaction, their relationship, monogamy.”
“There's a cluster of people with clinical depression and anxiety — is the low mood driving it?”
Hypersexuality has been identified as a symptom of borderline personality disorder, bipolar, neurological conditions such a Parkinson's, abuse of drugs or alcohol and, in a limited number of cases, the side-effect of prescribed medication.
But r Walton and his colleagues “wouldn't rule out classifying it in the future.”
‘Thousands of dollars a year on paid sex'
Aaron* is a 42-year-old married man who visits escorts two or three times a week and cruises for sex with men or women at parks or public toilets once or twice a month.
The father-of-one said he is “habituated to casual or anonymous sex” and would “choose prostitutes randomly and have casual sex with men, even though I have no romantic or physical attraction” towards them.
He said he frequently “pursued sex without real thought,” and while he knew cheating was wrong and regretted it afterward, an attempt to stop for three months was followed by “intense binges that involved more than 30 partners in a month.”
Aaron said his anonymous encounters had only increased his “sexual energy” with his wife, and the negative consequences of his hypersexuality were “largely financial,” since he had spent “thousands of dollars a year on paid sex.”
Aaron said that he felt “almost no emotion” about his sexual activities although he knew that his sexual behavior was “far outside the boundaries and expectations of his marriage.” He said he thrived on the “freedom” of transgressive sex where there were “no expectations” on his behavior.
He did not report any mental health issues, but his score on a validated test found he had “extremely severe” levels of depression and anxiety.
Around 80 percent of self-identified sex addicts are male and many suffer from low self-esteem or report being sexually abused as children. Other recurring factors were that individuals were Christian and their behavior was incongruent with their beliefs, or there was some confusion around their sexual orientation. Researchers raised questions around sex education.
Walton said: “Researchers and clinicians are yet to agree upon diagnostic boundaries of what is hypersexuality — when is it a sexual disorder, psychosexual behavioral problem, or symptom of an existing psychological disorder or medical condition — and decide upon criteria that is non-pejorative and non-judgemental.”
His research with associate professors Amy Lykins and Najot Bhullar from UNE and Dr. James Cantor from the Toronto addiction center concludes that “it is time” hypersexuality was at least recognized as “a psychosexual behavioral problem.”
Previous research has found that hypersexual individuals (particularly men) have a higher propensity for sexual excitement or arousal compared to the general population. “A lot of people had no recognition of what their emotions or feelings were when aroused,” said Walton.
While much of the research so far relies on perceptions, and the matter is complicated by celebrities going to “very expensive clinics,” Walton said what we know is that some people display problematic sexual behavior.
“Hypersexuality can become a sexual health problem, particularly when sexual risk-taking is combined with significant drug and alcohol use,” he said. “The combination of unsafe sex, risky sexual behavior, and high sexual excitation can increase the risk of sexually transmitted infections, including HIV.”
He said people often self-manage psychological issues including relationship problems and that although high states of sexual arousal may adversely impact cognitive processing, the researchers do not consider that typically an individual's sexual behavior is substantively beyond one's self-control.
That's important in a legal sense. Walton said: “One of the problems with sex addiction model is, how is the court going to interpret that?”
“What is the level of control? These disorders have potentially very serious implications in court.”
* Names have been changed.
Turkey's narrow approval of a historic referendum will add to the already significant powers of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and could signal trouble ahead for the Middle Eastern nation, experts told ABC News.
The referendum approved Sunday included 18 constitutional amendments, including abolishing the office of prime minister, which will eliminate a critical counterbalance to Erdoğan's power. The changes will take effect after the next election in 2019.
Umit Bektas/REUTERS
The measure's approval will also weaken the country's parliament and give Erdoğan increased authority in picking judges and ministers, according to experts who spoke to ABC News.
Stronger, but weaker too
Despite the boost to Erdoğan's power, the vote on the referendum signaled a decrease in his overall popularity in Turkey, according to Gönül Tol, founding director of The Middle East Institute's Center for Turkish Studies in Washington, D.C.
The referendum won Sunday -- as confirmed by the head of Turkey's electoral board although the vote count will continue for more than a week -- with "yes" votes leading "no" votes by 51.2 percent to 48.8 percent, with over 47 million votes counted, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency.
That result falls well short of the 60 percent approval that Erdoğan had hoped for, despite his having a massive media advantage, Tol said.
In addition, the president for the first time lost the support of some of the country's major cities, including his hometown of Istanbul.
Yasin Akgul/AFP/Getty Images
"This is actually a huge success for the "no" campaign," Tol told ABC News.
She also pointed out that the vote is being challenged by the opposition on grounds of alleged voter fraud.
The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), an observer mission that has been monitoring the vote on the Turkish referendum, alleged today that the voting process "fell short" of international standards.
"If Erdoğan had won by a larger margin, it might be different," Tol said. "But to have this shift toward dictatorship without strong support and with questions of foul play, it will lead to further instability. It's going to be hard for him to run a deeply divided country."
The end of what could have been
The referendum's approval may close off the possibility for modern democratic values to take hold in Turkey, some analysts say.
"The Turkish Republic has always been flawed, but it always contained the aspiration that — against the backdrop of the principles to which successive constitutions claimed fidelity — it could become a democracy. Erdoğan's new Turkey closes off that prospect," wrote Steven Cook, a senior fellow for the Middle East and Africa Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations, in an op-ed for Foreign Policy magazine on Sunday.
Murad Sezer/REUTERS
Cook told ABC News today that Erdoğan's support came from lower- and middle-class voters who have indeed seen positive changes in their lives and were therefore willing to back his ambition for increased authority.
"His core constituency at this point includes many religiously pious voters," Cook said. "And they are people who have seen themselves become healthier, wealthier, and have increased transportation during his rule."
The referendum win left Erdoğan's secular and liberal-minded opponents in a state of flux, Cook said.
"I think that what you'll see from here forward are more spontaneous and leaderless bursts of protest," he said, referring to a wave of anti-government protests in Turkey that made headlines in 2013. "You'll also see increased polarization among the Turkish people."
The US and Syria
Cook told ABC News that he didn't feel that the referendum meant much to America's relations with Turkey, one of its most important allies in the region, considering that the U.S. has a history of dealing with autocratic leaders. He added, however, the measure's approval raises questions about "whether or not Turkey shares common values" with the U.S.
Tol said, however, that Erdoğan's weakened support at home opens possibilities for change.
She said Erdoğan might be forced by the relatively weak results to reach out Turkey's Kurdish population, the country's largest non-Turkish ethnic group, which accounts for between 10 and 20 percent of the population, according to most estimates.
Xinhua/Polaris
If Erdoğan establishes better relations with his country's Kurds, he might find more common ground with the U.S. over its relationship with Syrian Kurds, who represent a critical U.S. ally in the region, including in the fight against ISIS in Syria, experts said.
"That's the hope," said Jim Jeffrey, who served as the U.S. ambassador to Turkey from 2008 to 2010 under President Obama.
Jeffrey struck a cautiously optimistic tone about how the referendum may affect Turkish-U.S. relations, saying the weak "yes" vote might signal the best possible outcome.
"Had Erdoğan lost this vote, he would have lashed out at his enemies and become consumed with trying to bring the issue back to vote," Jeffrey said.
"We need him to move beyond this issue," Jeffrey said.
2 NEWS is following this story and we will keep you updated with the latest information as it is available.
DEVILS LAKE, N.D. — A crime spree by a man who fired at a state trooper and then stole a car with a baby inside it is over. The baby was recovered, but the man later took two people hostage before finally shooting himself rather than surrender, police said.
Police Capt. John Barnett told the Devils Lake Journal late Friday that Daniel TwoHearts shot himself as officers began to negotiate with him. He was hospitalized with an apparently non-fatal bullet wound, Barnett said.
No one else was hurt during the entire ordeal, and the public can rest easy now that the suspect is no longer a threat, Barnett told the paper.
“People can relax. It got a little tense for a while in town,” he said.
It began Thursday night when a trooper tried to pull over a pickup truck with a loud exhaust on Interstate 29 at Grand Forks, according to the North Dakota Highway Patrol.
Instead, the driver tried to get away, reaching speeds of about 100 mph, before law enforcement put down tire spikes, stopping the pickup about 40 miles down the highway.
The suspect jumped out and fired three shots at a trooper, who was not injured and did not return fire, said patrol Lt. Troy Hischer.
Two others in the pickup were arrested and methamphetamine was found in the truck, authorities said. Meanwhile, TwoHearts ran into a neighborhood and jumped into an idling car with an infant inside it.
“The mother had started the car to warm it up, brought out the 1-year-old, then went back to retrieve an older child” when the suspect drove off, Hischer said.
Officers spotted that car on a county road about 20 miles away, again deployed road spikes, flattening the tires and recovering the infant unharmed, but TwoHearts got away again.
After dawn Friday, another truck was reported missing, and was later found abandoned at the Wal-Mart in town.
Law enforcement agencies in North and South Dakota and Minnesota were on the lookout, but Devils Lake Police and other agencies caught up with TwoHearts Friday night, barricaded inside an apartment with two hostages, Barnett said.
“We got the female out and the other male, and he was isolated” when they heard a shot fired and then forced their way in, he said.
LAKELAND, Fla. — Joe Girardi said he was “really curious” about Jordan Montgomery on Friday thanks to the lefty's size, mentality and success in the minors a year ago.
Then, the 6-foot-6 Montgomery went out and threw four perfect innings against the Tigers in a 3-0 victory at Joker Marchant Stadium to finish up a combined no-hitter.
The big 24-year-old impressed at Double-A Trenton and Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, and while a return trip to Scranton/Wilkes-Barre seems likely, neither the team nor Montgomery has ruled out a call-up to The Bronx in 2017.
It may come sooner than anyone anticipated. Girardi didn't discard the notion Montgomery could make the Opening Day roster as a reliever.
“I'm sure his name is gonna come up,” the manager said. “It's not totally out of the question. … I think as more of a bullpen guy, but I'm open to anything.”
Montgomery's future remains as a starter, but the Yankees have uncertainty throughout their pitching staff. Still, Girardi mentioned the possibility Montgomery's next appearance could be a start in a big league game.
While others, including top prospect James Kaprielian, have seen their time on the major league side come to an end, Montgomery has stayed on.
“With a lot of young players, when they clear hurdles, you give them more to see how they handle that and keep expanding their role,” Girardi said.
“That makes me feel I'm here for a reason and that they want me here,” Montgomery said. “I keep trying to get better.”
Montgomery made 19 starts with Trenton and six with Scranton/Wilkes-Barre last season. With Luis Severino, Bryan Mitchell, Chad Green and Adam Warren battling for the final two spots in the rotation, Montgomery seems ticketed for the minors, but all of those candidates have questions surrounding them.
So do the three veterans — Masahiro Tanaka, CC Sabathia and Michael Pineda — already in place.
“We had a lot of beliefs in him when he got here to spring training,” Girardi said. “We know he's fairly young in his development process, but I think he's pretty mature for the amount of time he's been in the minor leagues.”
According to reports by the New York Times and the Observer, the research firm Cambridge Analytica procured personal data from as many as 50 million Facebook users, and used that data as part of its work on President Trump's 2016 campaign. Though Facebook claims Cambridge Analytica and its associates broke the rules in retaining and using this data, this wasn't a breach as we typically think of them: The Times reported that 270,000 of those users willingly gave over their info when they signed up for a personality quiz app.
Developers can request to see your relationship status, education history, and religious and political beliefs, among many other data points, but only if you allow them. For example, I had unknowingly shared all of my Facebook photos and photos tagged of me with TripAdvisor. A hiking app called AllTrails could see all of the timeline posts, while Waze had access to my custom friend lists (including one named “Frenemies”). In any case, now would be a good time to revisit the third-party apps you've granted permission to access your Facebook data and review — and maybe revoke — some of the info you're sharing.
Go to Facebook's App Settings page.
Strangely, you won't find Facebook's third-party app permissions in privacy settings. You'll need to go to the App Settings page (which can be accessed directly here).
Alternatively, on the desktop interface, click the downward arrow in the top-right corner and select Settings. Then select Apps from the menu. On the apps page, you'll see all the apps where you've logged into Facebook. On mobile, tap the menu bar (bottom-right for iOS, top-right for Android), and select Settings > Account Settings > Apps > Logged in with Facebook.
Amid this morning's turmoil at the White House over the resignation of Michael Flynn as National Security Advisor, a… shall we say… curious report emerged from the swamps of one Brietbart dot com. Written by the site's politics editor Matthew Boyle (a favorite of Donald Trump's), the story states that Chief of Staff Reince Priebus' future in the White House is “in doubt.” Writes Boyle:
Specifically, multiple sources close to President Trump with internal knowledge of White House operations told Breitbart News on Monday night that the buck stops with Priebus when it comes to the botched rollout of the executive order temporarily banning most travel to the United States from seven nations with a history of exporting terrorism and temporarily halting the refugee program. This news comes of course in the wake of the news that Flynn was pushed out, but also as more and more reports of a likely shake-up at the top loom.
He also quotes an anonymous source, who says…:
“Reince is responsible, ultimately, for the rollout of the immigration executive order,” one source said. “He failed to get [Attorney General Jeff] Sessions on the calendar in the Senate in time for what he knew would be a highly controversial executive order. He was supposed to be this wizard in dealing with congressional Republicans, but has not been successful in getting anything serious done.”
So–Breitbart dot com is propagating the theory that ultimately “the buck stops” not with President Trump, but with Reince Priebus, specifically on the issue of the administration's executive order on immigration, which has now been struck down by several courts. That executive order was reportedly authored by two people: chief strategist Steve Bannon, and his prodigy Stephen Miller, despite Miller's protestations to the contrary. Bannon, of course, was employed by Breitbart up until the very second he went to work for the Trump campaign.
Even someone with the level of intellect required to work for Donald Trump can connect the dots here. The careful wording of Boyle's report gives it away: he describes not issues with the executive order, itself, on its merits, but instead its “botched rollout.” The problem was not Bannon's legally unjustifiable order, but the way it was sold. Boyle goes onto cite two other sources regarding Priebus' performance at work, quoting one who, in referring to the process of getting Trump's cabinet nominees confirmed, says “Reince really has not done enough in pressuring [Senate Majority Leader Mitch] McConnell to move faster.”
Internal White House factions using the press to adjust the levers of power within a presidential administration is something that's baked into our political system, but the Trump White House is offering a unique twist on this theme: one of those factions being so closely connected to a media outlet that it's impossible to read reports that come from it as anything other than an open play to inflate the power of a single person within the administration. The timing of this one is especially funny given today's report that Trump was angered by Saturday Night Live's portrayal of Bannon as the death merchant pulling the strings behind the White House curtain.
Reince Priebus, who to this point has been too milquetoast to require an SNL impersonation, should maybe start a website of his own before It's too late.
The Charleston International Airport has opened an exhibit in remembrance of the nine parishioners killed and five others wounded during bible study at Mother Emanuel AME Church.
In the airport's Central Hall, two five-foot-high stained glass panes separated by a glass partition show the church with nine white doves and a cross. Encased in glass in the center of the exhibit, lay a Bible open to Mark 4:13-20, the very passage of scripture that the bible study group was reading when white supremacist Dylann Roof began his massacre. A closed bible belonging to Rev. Clementa Pinckney, who was killed in the shooting, is placed beside it.
Two bibles, one belonging to Mother Emanuel AME pastor Reverend Clementa Pinckney, on display at Charleston International Airport. Charlene Gunnells / Charleston International Airport
The airport said in a statement the exhibit provides "a place for reflection and contemplation" for millions of people who walk through the airport.
"Our airport is the most used public building in our community," said Henry Fishburne, a member of the Charleston County Aviation Authority Board. "The Aviation Authority Board and staff believe this tribute is fitting because the attack on the church and its worshippers was also an attack on our whole community."
Related: Charleston Victim's Kin Says Trial Revealed 'Radical Truth' About Racism
The tribute was dedicated in a private ceremony for families of the victims and the survivors on Saturday.
"This will be a solemn space and serves to honor those whose lives were taken, those who survived and their families," said Margaret Seidler, a member of the Aviation Authority Board and organizer of the project. "It also reminds our citizens and visitors about the Charleston response - the peace, community spirit and unity displayed in the aftermath of the June 17, 2015, tragedy."
Stained glass panels on display in remembrance of Mother Emanuel AME shooting victims. Charlene Gunnells / Charleston International Airport
Photographs of the community reaction following the tragedy line the wall, hanging under the words, 'Charleston Strong,'
There's also the canvas, 'White Breeze', an oil painting by South Carolina artist Jonathan Green. Green donated the piece in remembrance.
"This painting is unique symbolically as it has seven black birds flying in the background and there are two shadow images of birds on the foreground reflected in the sheets for a total of nine bird images," Green said.
The tribute was put together by the Charleston County Aviation Authority Board, with the design donated by Mead & Hunt.
With Mike Francesa back, WFAN suddenly has its muscle again. Francesa brings juice to a station that had suddenly lacked it after the attrition that began with his fake retirement and Craig Carton's real arrest.
“It is two sentences,” Sid Rosenberg, a former WFAN host and now a political commentator on WABC's “Bernie & Sid in the Morning,” said. “He needs them. They need him. That's all you need to write.”
Francesa, 64, has often been hypocritical, and he is once again. Years ago, he crushed Marv Albert when Albert tried to steal Ian Eagle's Nets play-by-play job. That wasn't OK in Francesa's book, but pulling his own Jay Leno is apparently just fine as he swiped the seats from under his afternoon replacements, Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott.
So the buzz is back at the FAN, though warm feelings are not. There is barely anyone in the FAN's offices who wanted Francesa to return. This was done at a corporate level.
The vice president of his station, Mark Chernoff, did not want Francesa back, according to sources. The morning team of Boomer Esiason and Gregg Giannotti did not want him back. CMB, of course, did not want him back. But many fans did, and now they will have him and the intrigue of the FAN.
The morning show's public reaction will be interesting. Esiason recently described Francesa as “classless.” Giannotti, who is a skillful host, has a hot streak.
So for listeners, this is somewhat of a win, even if Francesa's once 96 mph fastball clocks in at around 88 now on most days. He can dial it up at times, but, if judged on its merits and not clouded by the host's name, he has not been what he once was for years.
His egomaniacal habit of denying opinions he uttered a day earlier is like rubbernecking — its ridiculousness is entertaining. With no plan after his “retirement” and with the media landscape having changed, Francesa was lost.
“To be completely honest, he is not the guy he was before,” Rosenberg said. “The money is not there. Even if he was Mike Francesa of 2005. The money is not there. He was being unrealistic with his ego so he kind of crawled back to WFAN.”
While Francesa got what he wanted, he is not the only winner with this move. The “Michael Kay Show” now receives a chance to finally beat Francesa in the ratings. Kay's show never defeated Francesa in a three-month ratings book, but it squeaked by CMB in the latest round.
For CMB, Francesa's total disregard for them may be the best thing that could happen to them as a team. Carlin, Maggie and Bart may not be a strong trio, but they were put in an impossible spot, needing to be a show built on personality, despite the fact they didn't know one another well before their first segment.
Now, they are sympathetic in some respects and have a chance to develop chemistry in a smaller, probably more appropriate spot. They do come across as if they truly like each other, so maybe they will mesh.
Today, WFAN is a much more interesting place than it was yesterday. But it seems very unlikely this final round of Francesa ends well. How can it? Would anyone trust another Francesa “retirement?” Will he ever go on his own accord?
He may be destined to become Willie Mays with the Mets, as the years go on.
Listeners had known about the warts on his personality, but now they are even starker with this public Leno-like power grab. It is hard to see how this ends well; especially if Kay finally beats him.
Still, in the end, Francesa underestimated how much the spotlight is like oxygen for him, and FAN couldn't resist his discounted offer. Now comes the fun part.
One of the biggest activist investors has built up a more than $3 billion stake in Procter & Gamble Co., adding urgency to the consumer-product giant's efforts to turn around its business and boost its stock price.
Trian Fund Management LP, which in previous years has targeted companies like PepsiCo Inc. PEP, +0.38% and DuPont Co. DUP, +0.33% , disclosed Tuesday it had bought shares in P&G PG, -0.51% , which has a market value of $225 billion. Trian's bet, at more than $3 billion, according to a person familiar with the matter, is its largest investment ever. It's unclear what changes Trian, which is known for publishing detailed research reports on its investment targets, will seek at the maker of Tide detergent, Gillette razors and Pampers diapers.
“P&G welcomes investment in our company,” the Cincinnati company said, after The Wall Street Journal first reported on Trian's investment Tuesday. Shares of the company, which have lagged behind the broader market for the past year, jumped 3% in late trading to $90.40.
P&G has been slashing costs and shedding dozens of brands to refocus on its biggest businesses. But it has struggled to boost sales growth as it battles a sluggish global economy, price pressures and competition from internet upstarts like the Dollar Shave Club.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy (1:31) Professor Richard Thaler, an expert in behavioral economics, talked to MarketWatch about his 'lazy' investing strategy that allows investors to maximize their returns while doing very little.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Mike Flynn's brief White House stint caps contentious career.
Disney severs ties with YouTube star PewDiePie after anti-Semitic posts.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:10 South Gwinnett star learned a lot during RisingSeniors week
President Donald Trump listens during a meeting with North Korean defectors where he talked with reporters about allowing the release of a secret memo on the FBI's role in the Russia inquiry, in the Oval Office of the White House, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo
New research has discovered a gene that could be responsible for some people's appetites.
Scientists have found that how the GTRAP3-18 gene interacts with proteins in the hypothalamus, the part of the brain that regulates food intake and blood sugar levels, among other things, could influence how much someone eats, according to a new study published online in The FASEB Journal, an experimental biology publication.
“Eating too much or too little could actually be a genetic problem, rather than an insulin issue,” Toshio Nakaki, a researcher at Teikyo University School of Medicine, in Tokyo, and one of the study's co-authors, said in a statement.
Also see: This app will analyze your DNA to help you lose weight
What exactly did these scientists discover?
Scientists analyzed two groups of mice: a wild type of mice and mice who had a defective GTRAP3-18 gene.
Mice with the defective gene were leaner compared with the wild mice. They weren't more active and didn't appear to have a higher metabolism.
The study generally fits in with other research related to leptin resistance. Leptin is a hormone the body produces that tells the brain whether it has enough fat stored. People with obesity often display leptin resistance, meaning the hormone becomes ineffective at inhibiting eating when the body already has enough energy.
What have other researchers found causes obesity?
One study suggested that how leptin is transported to the brain is the key in determining the cause of overeating. The researchers found that leptin is transported through cerebrospinal fluid — and that obese people's bodies may be less capable of transporting the hormone.
Meanwhile, other researchers have determined that everything from a cold virus to the bacteria in people's gut could be causes of obesity.
Also see: Why the middle-aged ‘dad bod' could be deadly instead of sexy
Medicines and medical disorders can also cause obesity. For instance, people with depression are more likely to be obese — but a 2014 report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that adults with more severe depression on anti-depressants were more likely to be obese than those not taking medication. Generally, medications for mental disorders, epilepsy and depression have been linked with obesity.
Obesity can also be the result of medical conditions such as Prader-Willi Syndrome, a genetic disorder that causes low muscle tone, learning disabilities and other symptoms, or Cushing syndrome, a disorder where body is exposed to high levels of the hormone cortisol for an extended period of time.
Why do people put on weight again after dieting?
More bad news for people who manage to change their eating habits: While people can go back to their old ways of eating junk food after a period of healthy eating, metabolism can also slow down after a successful diet.
Don't miss: What a ban on e-cigarette flavors could mean for smokers
A study released last year in the journal Obesity of 14 contestants on the reality TV series “The Biggest Loser” found that only one weighed less now than they did at the end of the competition — and some weighed even more than when they started the competition. Researchers found that they had much slower metabolisms, meaning they had to eat fewer calories than people of a similar size to keep their weight down.
If you look at the entire timeline of human existence, we live longer in modern times than we ever have and we're continually beating world records with physical achievements that set new high bars for human capability. With that in mind, it might be tempting to imagine that humans will just keep getting better and living longer for the foreseeable future, but new research suggests that's simply not the case. Researchers now believe that humans have peaked.
According to the new study, which was published in Frontiers in Physiology, the human body is either at or rapidly nearing the absolute limits for its capabilities. Citing what they believe is evidence of a plateau in lifespan, height, endurance and other human capabilities, the scientists are sounding the alarm that humans, as we exist today, might be as good as we're ever going to get.
“These traits no longer increase, despite further continuous nutritional, medical and scientific progress,” Professor Jean-François Toussaint from Paris Descartes University explains. “This suggests that modern societies have allowed our species to reach its limits. We are the first generation to become aware of this.”
Instead of continually improving, the study's data suggests that we'll simply continue to see more people reaching current maximums of lifespan and physical capabilities. For example, the world records for age won't continue to climb, but the percentage of people who reach that upper limit will grow. The study was based on historical records and trends plotted over many generations and the numbers don't lie.
“This will be one of the biggest challenges of this century as the added pressure from anthropogenic activities will be responsible for damaging effects on human health and the environment,” Toussaint says. “The current declines in human capacities we can see today are a sign that environmental changes, including climate, are already contributing to the increasing constraints we now have to consider.”
Finding cures for some of the diseases that most often cut life short could have a noticeable impact on the overall average lifespan and advances in nutrition and a greater understanding of human physiology may give people everyday people a physical edge in the future, but the body has limits. Of course, that could all go right out the window if the much-talked-about marriage between man and machine becomes a reality.
Pulse | What We're Wearing Now
An interview with the designers of Rag & Bone, what to wear when the mercury finally drops and retro-preppy neckties.
The CEO of the government's Australian Cybersecurity Growth Network today implored hundreds of IT professionals to give Aussie security firms a fair go.
"We're not talking an Australia first strategy here. I don't have a hat 'Make Australian Cyber Great Again', or anything like that," Craig Davies told the CloudSec conference in Sydney today.
"What I'm asking you to do is when you're talking and you're looking for a solution, at least identify a firm or a technology that could be Australian and at least have a conversation with them."
The not-for-profit network was launched in December last year with $31.9m of government funding over three years. Its aim is to facilitate networking and collaboration between the local cybersecurity community and business in Australia and overseas.
In April it released its Sector Competitiveness Plan which suggests that over the next 10 years, the size of Australia's cybersecurity sector could potentially triple, reaching annual revenue of $6 billion by 2026 — up from $2 billion today.
One of the weak links in the ecosystem at present, was “customer one”, Davies explained.
"We want to grow an ecosystem. We have pockets of our ecosystem that are actually very good. Incredible research, some great outcomes coming out of some smaller firms, but there are so many gaps in the ecosystem. Including customer one. How do you get customer one?" the former Atlassian director of security said.
On arrival at the network last year, Davies said he was told there were only 15 Australian cybersecurity firms. At last count, there are 120 with a huge breadth of expertise. One of their biggest challenges was getting a foot in the door. Something businesses could help with, Davies said.
"Think about how your purchasing processes work. Think about what you would need to do to encourage an Australian firm, to at least look at their idea. Most of these start-ups and scale-ups they just want someone to give them feedback. If you think about the problem you face. I can guarantee you there is a firm in this segment worthy of you at least having a conversation," Davies said.
"I want you to review Australian solutions. I just want you to develop a way to ensure they're allowed in the room. That's all I ask," he added.
Crack a cold one
The centre was working towards building a 'pool culture' where business security needs could be matched with Australian solutions.
"Collaboration in Australia is something we are not good at. We still think that collaboration is standing round and having a beer," Davies said.
"We want to help corporates and businesses describe their problems and then help them to find a solution rather than the current strategy which I describe as 'I want to go and buy a cyber, I want it to come in a range of colours, and I want to buy it by Tuesday and it must have blinky lights'. We've got to find more mature ways of solving that problem."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
DAYTON, Ohio — The end was near, but never did Manhattan expect the end to come so soon. Two days away from a chance at pulling the biggest shocker in...
"Violent acts tend to cluster through social networks, and they spread like a contagious disease spreads from one person to another," the study's senior author Brad Bushman said in a phone interview.
A psychology and communications professor at The Ohio State University in Columbus, Bushman analyzed interviews from the 1990s with nearly 6,000 American students in grades seven through twelve.
Compared to students whose friends had never hurt anyone, kids with a friend who had badly hurt someone were themselves 183 percent more likely to report having badly hurt someone, too, the report in the American Journal of Public Health shows.
If a friend had pulled a weapon on someone, the youth were 140 percent more likely to have pulled a weapon, and if a friend had been involved in a serious fight, the youth were 48 percent more likely to have been in a serious fight.
Interviewers asked the students to name up to five boys and five girls they considered friends at their schools.
In male students alone, the likelihood of seriously hurting someone rose 82 percent for each additional friend who had seriously hurt someone.
The association extended beyond immediate friends and friends of friends with four degrees of separation for serious fights and three degrees of separation for threatening someone with a weapon.
"It's the first study we know of to see how far it spreads—up to four degrees, which is pretty amazing," Bushman said.
Dr. Gary Slutkin, an epidemiologist and infectious-disease control specialist, fully expected the results.
"You're doing what your friend is doing, who's doing what his friend is doing, who's doing what his friend is doing," he told Reuters Health. "You're not thinking about consequences. You're thinking about what your friends do."
"This is one of now hundreds of studies that, if you add them all up, there's no way of seeing it other than violence being a contagious epidemic health problem," said Slutkin, founder of Cure Violence at the University of Illinois at Chicago School of Public Health.
He has long thought about violence as a contagious disease and has worked to stop it in communities throughout the world by identifying the perpetrators and intervening in the same way he did with HIV carriers.
When it was his mission to figure out how to stop the spread of HIV in Africa, Slutkin realized that explaining the deadly nature of AIDS failed to convince young men to wear condoms. But they would use condoms to protect themselves against the disease if they thought their friends wore them.
Slutkin has applied his understanding of friends motivating friends for better or for worse in his work fighting street violence throughout the world.
By employing former gang members to interrupt and prevent violence, he has seen communities slash violent crimes by 40 to 100 percent, he said.
Punishment has not worked to control the spread of violence, Slutkin said.
"People are very comfortable with punishment, and it is not the way of out this problem," he said. "It's like treating a patient over and over again with the wrong medicine."
It's possible that the cure for violence could be spread through the same networks of friends as the violence itself, Bushman said.
"Punishment is not a main driver of the changing of behavior," Slutkin said. "In order to get behaviors to change, you have to be interactive with people in your own peer group and see that you're getting approval from your own peer group," he said.
By Abby Hassler
Big Boi might be from Atlanta, but that didn't stop him from showing his love for The Golden Warriors in a recent run-in with TMZ. The Outkast rap legend revealed he won $100,000 betting on the Warriors during the NBA Finals.
Related: Big Boi Drops New Track ‘Chocolate' Featuring Trozé
In Game 5 of the Finals, the Warriors pulled out a 129-120 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Warriors newcomer and industry superstar Kevin Durant snagged the coveted MVP award.
TMZ also asked Big Boi if he thought the Warriors would visit the White House. His answer was short but definitive: “No.”
Watch the video below.
THESSALONIKI, Greece — Greece's prime minister has hosted a regional summit of four Balkan countries in the northern city of Thessaloniki, amid peaceful protests against a deal for neighbouring Macedonia to change its name.
Alexis Tsipras met Wednesday with Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic, and the prime ministers of Romania and Bulgaria, Viorica Dancila and Boyko Borissov.
Talks focused on energy and local road and rail transport networks, which, Tsipras said, together with harbour projects in the Aegean and the Black Sea, would help sea-borne trade bypass the congested Bosporus Straits in Turkey.
Several hundred Greeks who oppose the country's deal for Macedonia to be renamed “North Macedonia,” which is set to end a 27-year dispute, tried to reach the meeting venue but were prevented by robust police forces.
No clashes were reported.
In the age of social media and a tweet-happy president, online dictionaries aren't just sitting back and waiting for people to look up words.
Dictionary.com is pointing out connotations of the words President Donald Trump uses, correcting his misspellings and calling out other famous people in the news. The East Bay company's online posts — especially on Twitter and Facebook — have raised its profile, ensuring the president doesn't always get the last word on controversial matters and offering citizens more context.
“It's a great time to be a dictionary,” said Liz McMillan, CEO of Dictionary.com, at the company's downtown Oakland headquarters.
“Our mission is to eliminate anxiety with the English language,” she said. “People were grappling with the words they were hearing in the world around them. I think that became especially heightened in the 2016 elections.”
Lookups of particular words spiked during the presidential debates, she said.
Now, Trump is president. He keeps the news media busy, that's for sure. Dictionaries? Same.
When Trump expressed admiration recently for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's hold over his country's people, Dictionary.com was quick to define “authoritarian.”
Authoritarian: A leader who exercises complete or almost complete control over the will of others. Also authoritarian: A political system in which individual freedom is held as completely subordinate to the power or authority of the state.https://t.co/mHxsacscc4 https://t.co/0ahLW540Jz — Dictionary.com (@Dictionarycom) June 15, 2018
“Authoritarian: A leader who exercises complete or almost complete control over the will of others,” the dictionary tweeted. “Also authoritarian: A political system in which individual freedom is held as completely subordinate to the power or authority of the state.”
By addressing Trump's use of words, the two major U.S. dictionaries — Dictionary.com and Massachusetts-based Merriam-Webster — might be viewed as unnecessarily partisan.
But Dictionary.com says it's simply responding to the public's searches and responses. It's also — not incidentally — drawing audience to its advertising-supported site in an era where almost no one spends money to buy a printed dictionary.
In one example of how the company responded, the president repeatedly refers to Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren as “Pocahontas.” Dictionary.com explored that issue recently, pointing out that it has prompted complaints from the National Congress for American Indians, the Native American Journalists Association and the Alliance for Colonial Era Tribes, who complain that Trump's use of the name is a slur.
The dictionary noted that lookups for “Pocahontas” spiked on separate occasions after Trump used it: One day in November 2017, when White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders denied that the president's use of the term was a slur, lookups skyrocketed 20,733 percent.
Merriam-Webster also does its share of tweaking the Trump administration. When Sanders defended the treatment of immigrants at the border last week, the dictionary tweeted: “‘Due process' is trending after the Press Secretary implied that people removed without a hearing have received it.” The dictionary linked to a short article on its site that defined the term as “a course of formal proceedings (as judicial proceedings) carried out regularly, fairly, and in accordance with established rules and principles.”
📈'Due process' is trending after the Press Secretary implied that people removed without a hearing have received it. https://t.co/ssUcuXR1U5 — Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) June 25, 2018
“I don't think there's anything particularly partisan about what Dictionary.com and Merriam-Webster are doing,” said Geoffrey Nunberg, a UC Berkeley linguist and former chair of the American Heritage Dictionary usage panel. If they're “trolling” Trump, “they're trolling him with the truth,” Nunberg added.
Dictionary.com has come a long way from 2014, when its giant blue-and-white word wall went up inside its headquarters, complete with sayings such as, “Without language, thought is a vague, uncharted nebula,” by Swiss linguist Ferdinand de Saussure. Back then, the company tended to focus more on inspirational quotes.
Now, McMillan said Dictionary.com is finding opportunities to also weigh in on pop culture, sports and entertainment.
Earlier this year, NBA Rookie of the Year finalist Donovan Mitchell, who was competing with Ben Simmons for the honor, wore a sweatshirt with Dictionary.com's definition of “rookie” — “an athlete playing his or her first season as a member of a professional sports team” — plastered on it. That's because Simmons sat out his first year with an injury, and this was actually his second year with the Philadelphia 76ers.
When Simmons won the award, Dictionary.com gave a shout out to the Utah Jazz player Mitchell's reaction by trotting out its definition of “sportsmanship.”
“Sportsmanship. Noun. Sportsmanlike conduct, as fairness, courtesy, being a cheerful loser, etc.,” the dictionary tweeted. “See also: Donovan Mitchell at the #NBAAwards #ROTY.”
Why is a dictionary business wading into the murky waters of possibly controversial word matters on social media, anyway?
“Words we choose to use can tell a lot about us,” said Lauren Sliter, senior manager for marketing and content strategy at Dictionary.com. “We really needed to meet people where they were in the world. Twitter is a really great place for that. It's so timely, and so fast-paced and there are so many eyeballs there.”
Dictionaries and politics go way back. “A Dictionary of the English Language,” published in 1755, is considered the first preeminent English dictionary.
“Johnson's dictionary was considered prescriptive; it told people how to correctly use words,” said Ryan Skinnell, an assistant professor of rhetoric at San Jose State University who wrote a book titled “Faking the News: What Rhetoric Can Teach Us About Donald J. Trump.”
“It was a single-author dictionary,” Jane Solomon, a lexicographer for Dictionary.com, said about the same dictionary. “Johnson editorialized his definitions.”
Dictionary.com, which has 10 lexicographers who define words, says it does not intend to editorialize its definitions. “We do our best to make sure our entries are unbiased, but humans are humans,” Solomon said. “I support people who are trans, so my definition would be different from someone who comes from a different place.”
But as you might guess during these politically charged times, and considering its social media quips get a ton of engagement, Dictionary.com does get some pushback.
“I've been watching the (dictionaries) for a good year,” Skinnell said. “They're hilarious and biting, and they get retweeted 40,000 times.”
It has become high-profile, but Dictionary.com, a unit of the media conglomerate IAC, is not above apologizing and making changes. The people behind the dictionary — it has fewer than 50 employees, including the lexicographers, engineers, editors and data analysts — talk about each of the complaints they receive.
“Is this complaint valid?” Sliter said. “Are we serving our core purpose, which is to showcase language as it's truly used in the world?”
The company is thriving, according to its CEO. The Wall Street Journal reported in March that the dictionary business was offered for sale, but the company wouldn't confirm that.
Dictionary.com claims 70 million monthly active users to Merriam-Webster's nearly 60 million. Numbers from comScore show that Dictionary.com beat Merriam-Webster's online traffic every month in the United States from May 2017 to May 2018.
“We have exceeded everyone's expectations,” McMillan said.
The company's success may be partly due to the fact that there are more chances to be misunderstood in the world of smartphones and the internet, as we mostly engage in text-based communication, McMillan said. “And it's permanent,” she added. “(People are) publishers … What we've seen as a result of that is our thesaurus product is growing. People want to choose the right words.”
Some of them want to choose the right curse words. Fun fact: Lookups for curse words spike during the holidays, especially during Fourth of July, Thanksgiving and Christmas.
“I think cooking a turkey is curse-worthy,” McMillan said. She laughed and said she's having the time of her career.
“I got a C- in high school English,” McMillan, a longtime IAC executive, said. “Now I'm running a dictionary.”
POKER
PokerStars' $10m GTD Sunday Million Anniversary Special Take 2 smashes the guarantee by $1.2m (sound familiar), and Pierre Lewandowski wins a $30,000 Platinum Pass at the PokerStars MEGASTACK Championship in Dublin.
Never lose a customer again by Joey Coleman is one of the best business books I have ever read, and I don't think I'm alone. I know you'll laugh, but I believe PokerStars Execs may have bought the entire team a copy for Christmas.
Take this quote on how to delight your customers:
“Use playfulness, humour, and unexpected surprises to make the experience remarkable. Your customers are human, and so are you. Remind them with your actions and behaviours and in the process give them a taste of your company culture.”
And that's what Severin Rasset and the gang did when PokerStars failed to hit the $10m Guarantee during their 12th Sunday Million Anniversary.
After forking out a $1.2m overlay, PokerStars decided to do it all again.
Daenarys T Wins The Sunday Million Special
Writing at the time about the decision to host the $10m GTD Sunday Million Anniversary Take 2, I said ego was pushing the decision. With partypoker hitting guarantees with the accuracy of a Captain America uppercut, PokerStars had to flex a muscle or two.
During my post-event discussion with Severin Rasset, Director of Poker Innovation and Operations, the man told me that the decision had nothing to do with ego – they wanted to delight their players by doing something they would never have predicted.
It worked.
The event attracted 56,310 entrants, creating a prize pool of $11,262,000 wiping the loss off the balance sheet in one fell swoop.
Talking of swoops, the person who won the $1m first prize was the Dutch-based player Daenarys T ($1,000,043.77) overcoming the British pro Rick “ThEcLaiMEer” Trigg in heads-up action.
By all accounts, Trigg was the star of the show until the last hurdle, eliminating players for fun and taking a 2:1 chip lead into heads-up action with NO deal on the table.
A few seconds before I placed a blocker on my Facebook page this morning, I saw something from Trigg saying he felt over the moon about how he played all the way up till the heads-up phase where he thinks he ‘kinda blew it.”
Trigg banked $715,335.28, not too shabby for a $215 outlay.
I don't think PokerStars will be losing these two happy customers.
Pierre Lewandowski Wins a Platinum Pass
I tell you what.
If you want value, then you should be playing in these low buy-in PokerStars Festival and MEGASTACK events.
A 24-year-old French Irish IT worker called Pierre Lewandowski has just parlayed €340 (he fired two bullets) into a €30,000 Platinum Pass for the PokerStars Player's No-Limit Hold'em Championship in the Bahamas, and man did he get the luck when he needed it.
The final five players agreed to carve up the cash, with the players collecting a tad over €9k each, leaving the Platinum Pass in the middle of the table.
The event attracted 634 entrants, and the final two were Pierre Lewandowski and Samuel Baneham with the latter enjoying a slight chip lead when they played for stacks. It was Baneham's pocket queens versus the pocket tens of the IT worker and a ten appeared on the flop to break Baneham's heart. Baneham got the rest of his chips into the middle T9
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Getting Hoosiers access to better health care was just one promise the new U.S. Health and Human Services secretary made Friday afternoon.
Alex Azar's big announcement affects nearly half a million Hoosiers on the Healthy Indiana Plan. That's Indiana's alternative to Medicaid, the federal-state program that helps pay for health care for the needy, aged, blind and disabled, and for low-income families with children.
Azar said, “The state of Indiana has officially been granted approval for its new version of the Healthy Indiana Plan, or HIP — a three-year extension of a program that has already helped so many hundreds of thousands of Hoosiers.”
Gov. Eric Holcomb, alongside Azar, said that federal extension — with funding up to $80 million a year — impacts over 400,000 low-income Hoosiers. It not only funds the program, it expands it.
Holcomb said, “Going forward, this is going to help us build out and really provide treatment as we attack this drug epidemic.”
Those millions of dollars will go toward putting drug treatment centers and services in more places in the state. Plus, the cash will add new covered substance use services.
Dr. Jennifer Walthall, Indiana's Family and Social Services Administration secretary, said, “We have existing centers today, that when they become Medicade providers, they can start welcoming new patients for treatment. What we can also do is expand capacity because the reimbursement options are there.”
The state said, starting in 2019, HIP's Gateway to Work job-training program will move from voluntary to required for for 130,000 adults.
Azar said, “HIP's community engagement and work requirement only applies to a small segment of the Medicaid-covered population, work-capable adults.”
The new federal extension began Thursday, but the governor said it'll take about a year to get all those programs solidly in place.
About the expansion, Brian Tabor, president of the Indiana Hospital Association, said in a statement:
“The Indiana Hospital Association applauds the decision by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to renew the HIP program for three additional years. We also extend our deep appreciation to Governor Holcomb and FSSA Secretary Dr. Jennifer Walthall for their unwavering commitment to maintaining this innovative and affordable option for health care coverage.”
Tabor also explained how the new extension would work with hospitals.
“HIP has been a tremendous success and its continuation will lead to significant improvements in the health of our entire state. Hundreds of thousands of Hoosiers now have access to preventative care which saves lives and helps us bend the long-term cost curve. IHA and its member hospitals look forward to quickly ramping up our collaborative efforts with the State of Indiana to enroll more Hoosiers in this vital program.”
About the extension, Indiana Senate President Pro Tem David Long, a Republican from Fort Wayne, said in a statement:
“A heartfelt congratulation and thank you to Gov. Holcomb and his team on obtaining an extension for our Healthy Indiana Plan from the federal government. HIP has been a great success, providing health care for 400,000 low-income Hoosiers, and I'm pleased that this consumer-driven program will continue to operate here in Indiana.”
Speaker of the Indiana House, Brian C. Bosma, a Republican from Indianapolis, also commented on the expansion in a statement:
“This waiver extension of the Healthy Indiana Plan is tremendous news for the over 400,000 low-income Hoosiers served by our consumer-driven program. Indiana is a national model for how states can support better health outcomes while encouraging personal responsibility and reducing costs. With this waiver from the federal government, we will also have an opportunity to expand critical addiction treatment options and our efforts to help Hoosiers find employment.”
In the last two major Windows 10 revisions, Creators Update and Fall Creators Update, Microsoft focused on the needs of creative professionals. In its next major, as-yet-unnamed, update, Microsoft appears to be aimed at meeting the more general productivity needs of its users. One new feature, available in the latest Windows 10 Insider builds, is Timeline, a way to pick up on previous tasks days or even weeks later.
Timeline resides where the Task View was once located, which in the current shipping version of Windows 10 means where you'll find the currently running tasks along with providing access to multiple desktops. With Timeline, you still manage your current tasks and desktops in Timeline view as before, but now you can also access tasks up to 30 days later — including those on other PCs that have received the Timeline feature. Eventually, you'll also be able to access tasks from your connected smartphones as well.
In this guide, we show you how to use Windows 10 Timeline as it exists in the latest Windows Insider build (currently build 17083). Once you've installed the latest build, then Timeline will be available and after a short delay it will start populating with activities.
Step 1: Install the latest version of Windows 10 Insider
You can skip ahead to Step 2 if you already have it, but If you're not already a Windows 10 Insider you'll want to head over to Settings > Update & Security > Windows Insider Program and hit the “Get started” button. Follow the instructions to add your PC to the Fast ring, and then reboot. After a delay that can last up to 24 hours, hitting the “Check for updates” button in the Windows Update page in the Settings app will kick off the installation of the latest Insider build.
Mark Coppock/Digital Trends
If you're already a Windows Insider on the Fast Ring, then you simply need to head to Windows Update and you should see the latest build. As a reminder, only the PCs that are running the latest Insider builds will see the Timeline feature, which will remain true until the next Windows 10 update is released, likely in March 2018.
You can find out more about the Windows Insider program here. There are some caveats to joining the program, of course, including the potential for some pretty serious bugs that can render a PC unbootable and the ever-present risk of data loss that comes with any beta testing software versions. Note that the Insider program has a few different levels that you can access, including the Slow and Fast rings, which provide later or earlier access to builds, respectively. If you're particularly anxious to see the latest features, you can even “Skip Ahead” to versions that include features that won't show up until after the next major public release of Windows 10.
Step 2: Make sure Timeline is turned on
There's very little that you need to do in order to use Timeline, and in fact it's turned on by default. You do need to tell Windows 10 to include a machine's activities on Timeline, however, and that's easy enough. Just open the Settings app and navigate to Privacy > Activity history.
Digital Trends/Mark Coppock
Once there, you can toggle on and off the “Show activities from these accounts” option for each of your Microsoft accounts that are configured on that PC, and check or uncheck whether to include tasks on the local timeline and to sync them with other PCs via the cloud.
Note that you can click on the “Manage my activity info for all accounts in the cloud” link to open Microsoft privacy web page. There, you can manage all kinds of privacy information, including which tasks should be store in the cloud.
Step 3: Use Timeline
Using Timeline is a simple matter of clicking on the new Timeline icon next to the bar. There, you'll see your current activities in large snapshots across the top rows and then your previous activities in smaller snapshots below.
You can scroll up and down to move through your Timeline or drag the selector on the right hand side, and you can click on “See all” to open up the view and see all of a day's activities by the hour. You can click on “See only top activities” to condense the view.
Digital Trends/Mark Coppock
If you have another PC that's sending its activity to the Timeline cloud, then you'll see its activities listed as well. You can tell it's a difference system by the name that's displayed on each activity snapshot.
Digital Trends/Mark Coppock
For now, only specific apps — primarily Microsoft first-party apps — support the timeline. Eventually, developers will be able to build in support for their apps simply by building in “high quality activity cards,” and the feature will become increasingly useful as time goes on. One example is that Google can build in support and you'll be able to see your Chrome browsing history, whereas now it's limited to Microsoft's Edge browser.
To access an activity, just click on its snapshot. You can also access additional commands for current activities, such as snap and move to another desktop, by right-clicking on the activity snapshot and selecting from the pop-up menu.
Digital Trends/Mark Coppock
You can also manage earlier activities and those from other PCs by right-clicking and selecting from the pop-up menu. Options include opening the activity, removing it, and clearing all activities from that timeline.
Digital Trends/Mark Coppock
Microsoft will be adding more features into Timeline. For example, eventually the Timeline will support the new Sets feature that groups activities that you're working on simultaneously, and that that has rolled out to a select group of Windows Insiders. And, as mentioned early, Android and iOS smartphones will also be brought along via Cortana, and you'll be able to access your PC timeline on your smartphones as well.
For now, though, Timeline provides you with an easy way to access a month's worth of activities, as well as to pick up where you left off on other Windows Insider PCs. You'll need to be signed up for the latest Insider builds in order to access Timeline, but that's a small price to pay for being ahead of the productivity game.
SOUTHPORT, England — If you never had heard of Austin Connelly before this week's British Open, you aren't alone. Connelly is a 20-year-old friend of Jordan Spieth's who lives in...
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
How long will it take to get the certificates?You can print your certificates as soon as you receive the E-mail confirmation.I ordered my certificate and I have not received a link to print it. What do I do?Check your spam or junk mail folder. If you still have questions or problems contact customerservice@neofill.com
belonging, CQ, gospel, evangelism
I am white.
And I am part of a community of ethnically diverse women who come together each year for five days for a spiritual retreat. This spiritual practice is life-giving, stretching, and enriching. Although I work in correctional ministry alongside a very diverse group of people, prior to this group, I did not have any close friends who were ethnically diverse.
I love these women and am indebted to them for helping me develop, and continue to develop, my cross-cultural intelligence. As a result of our relationship, I have gone on to develop other relationships with those who are ethnically diverse from me.
During one of our retreats, one of the women made a comment which has deeply impacted me. She stated, “I feel like I belong in this group,” to which I responded, “Meaning, you can be yourself?”
Her response stopped me in my tracks: “No, I can be myself in other settings, but here I belong.”
Everyone longs to belong to someone or to a group. Humans need to feel closely connected to others, where they feel safe, cared for, and loved.
Author Evelyn Underhill identified belonging as one of the great longings of the human soul. The idea of belonging is a felt need that we can tap into when sharing the gospel with others as well. Creating a sense of belonging takes intentional time and effort. Below are a few ways to build belonging.
First, identify people who you sense are seeking a place to belong.
This may even be family members. Just because someone is in a family, he or she may not feel like he or she belongs. I think of friends who are the only Christian in their family, and thus often feel like outsiders.
Second, build your cross-cultural intelligence.
This can be done through developing your self-awareness of your own identity and those you are connecting with. Learn about your own gender, ethnicity, social class, religion, and how you are perceived by others.
Gently, but firmly, confront your stereotypes and prejudices by examining your beliefs and way of thinking about others. Unconscious bias is far more prevalent than conscious prejudice, and often incompatible with our conscious values.
There are tools available to help you uncover your unconscious biases. Bias discrimination, unconscious and conscious, is not limited to ethnicity or race. In 2017, “The dual role of friendship and antipathy relations in the marginalization of overweight children in their peer networks: The TRAILS Study” found that middle school kids who were overweight tend to have fewer friends than their slimmer classmates, and they're more likely to be shunned by their peers.
Ask yourself, What characteristics do I attribute to those who are different from me in ethnicity, gender, economic class, citizenship, religion, sexual orientation, physical abilities, and appearance? How do these beliefs impact my behavior and relationships?
Here are a few more ways to build your cross-cultural intelligence:
Seek common ground. When connecting with others, look for ways you are similar rather than focusing on ways you are different. Finding common ground may be in the place you grew up, family dynamics, common life experiences, or common interests. Accept others. One of the best ways to communicate acceptance is through validation, which builds a sense of belonging. It is acknowledging someone's experience. Validation does not mean agreement, but it does not judge or doubt the person's experience. Avoid labels. Some labels are used to describe someone and may be based on a negative experience in his or her life. In my work with those who have been incarcerated, they do not want to be labeled as a returning citizen, ex-con, or ex-offender. One friend stated, “When do I quit being a ‘returning citizen?' I have been out of prison for the past 25 years, yet still have that label.” When introducing another friend of mine, she does not want to be introduced by her experience in prison, but by her name. Watch your words. A friend shared with me how her mentor introduced her as “the fruit of her labor.” While the mentor did not mean to cause harm and was proud of how well her mentee was doing, my friend shared how it made her feel like a project, not a friend. Pay attention to your feelings and thoughts when you encounter someone who isn't like you. We all develop an ‘us versus them' attitude. Typically, those who are like us are the ‘we' and those different than us are the ‘them' or outsiders. Those like us are viewed as favorable and trustworthy. Those who are strangers or outsiders we view negatively and with suspicion. There is a certain amount of anxiety and uncertainty, especially if they don't look, act, and sound like you. Remind yourself of biblical truth: They are created by God, in His image, and have inherited value. Ask God to give you the same love for them that he has for them. Martin Luther King Jr, stated, “People fail to get along because they fear each other; they fear each other because they don't know each other; they don't know each other because they have not communicated with each other.”
Refrain from judging others based on your values. Every Christian has an image of how a Christian should live his or her life. This image is influenced by culture, maturity, and experience. Stay focused on the truths of Scripture and allow freedom for others. Don't speak for God. Let his Word speak.
Third, engage in constant prayer.
Think back over your day and ask God to show you times when you were prejudicial, discriminatory, and marginalized others. Confess and turn from your sins. Pray for an open mind and heart as you interact with others and learn from them. Pray for the spiritual battle of prejudice and discrimination among individuals and systems in our society. Ask God for a posture of humility and servanthood. Ask God to bring to mind those you should connect with.
Fourth, learn all you can about those around you and those from similar, and different, cultures.
Engage in cultural displacement. In other words, be intentional about engaging with cultures outside of your own. In a posture of humility, watch, listen, and learn. If you are a minority in the group, it is an opportunity to educate the majority.
Pursue a mentor. Find someone who can help you learn what it is like to be a person who is different from you. Ask that person to teach you the hidden rules and unspoken cues or habits within their group.
Ask questions like, “I can't imagine what it is like to _____. Can you help me understand what it is/was like for you?” Be careful not to burden others with educating you, however. Do your part to learn all you can from other sources.
Even though it is more work to connect with those who are different from you, it is worth the effort.
My friend Pauline Fong states,
Cross-cultural interactions are fraught with challenges. Without the proper preparation and sensitivity, cross-cultural encounters can end in alienation, withdrawal, and broken relationships. However, the beauty of cross-cultural relationships is that, though difficult, they can lead to greater understanding of the world that we live in and the richness of different experiences, perspectives, gifts, and insights. These riches yield the gifts of new or deeper relationship…
David Livermore summarizes what God calls us to do in witnessing: “And when it comes down to it, Christian ministry at its core is interacting with all kinds of people in ways that give them glimpses of Jesus in us.”
Finally, put your faith into action.
Take the initiative to invite others to coffee, church gatherings, Bible study, movies, or some other activity. People who do not feel good about themselves tend to isolate, so take the initiative to reach out.
Recently, I had a few women to my home who are living at a ‘safe house' for those who have been trafficked. I invited them to come over for pizza and to play games. These women are very different from me in background, ethnicity, upbringing, life experience, education, and socio-economic status. Yet I wanted them to feel not only welcomed, but at home where they could be themselves. Helping them to feel like they belong will take more time and effort as they transition from a life they knew to a new kind of life.
I hope that you will intentionally seek to help others belong to the family of faith and to belong to Christ as well.
Karen Swanson, Ed.D., is the director of the Institute for Prison Ministries of the Billy Graham Center at Wheaton College.
SANTA ANA, Calif. — A Southern California man pleaded not guilty Friday to the murder of a University of Pennsylvania student whose body was found buried in a shallow grave at a park not far from his family's home.
Samuel Woodward, 20, of Newport Beach was ordered held on $5 million bail with conditions including GPS monitoring, a curfew and a protective order for the victim's family if he is released.
Woodward is charged in the killing of 19-year-old college sophomore Blaze Bernstein, who was home visiting his family on winter break in Lake Forest. Authorities said the two attended the same high school but did not know if they were friends at the time.
Samuel Woodward appears in a courtroom for his hearing on Jan. 17, 2018, in Santa Ana, California. Jae C. Hong / AP
Bernstein was missing for a week after going out with Woodward the night of Jan. 2. Police searched for him with drone pilots and found his body at a park in the community 50 miles southeast of Los Angeles after rain partially exposed it.
Bernstein was killed with a knife. He was gay and Jewish and authorities are investigating the possibility of a hate crime.
Related: Suspect in Bernstein killing returned to scene of crime
During a brief hearing on Friday, defense attorney Edward Munoz sought a lower bail for his client, arguing that he was interviewed several times by sheriff's investigators before his arrest and didn't attempt to hide information.
But prosecutors opposed, noting that Woodward dyed his hair and changed his appearance after Bernstein disappeared and tried to evade surveillance by authorities before he was taken into custody.
"It's a horrific crime," said Steve McGreevy, senior deputy district attorney for Orange County.
Blaze Bernstein. Orange County Sheriff's Department / AP
McGreevy said authorities found a knife in Woodward's car and multiple knives in his home, but could not say if any were the murder weapon.
In a statement, Bernstein's family said it appreciated efforts to require the maximum bail and "meaningful" restrictions for Woodward.
"It gives us some measure of comfort to know that, should he be released, he will not be able to come near our family," the statement said. "Nevertheless, we are still concerned for the public's safety."
Woodward, who is currently held in jail in Santa Ana, is due back in court March 2.
At the hearing, he smiled upon seeing his lawyer and then sat out of view of the more than a dozen journalists gathered in the courtroom.
Munoz declined to comment after the hearing.
According to a court filing obtained by the Orange County Register, Woodward told investigators that he became angry after Bernstein kissed him the night they went to the park.
Earlier on Friday, Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas declined to say whether authorities believe Bernstein was killed because he was gay, but said the case showed the need to change California law to include sexual orientation and gender as motivating factors for more serious murder charges that can carry the death penalty.
State Sen. Janet Nguyen said she was proposing legislation to make the change.
A urinary tract infection, or UTI, is a bacterial infection of any part of the urinary tract, which includes the bladder, kidneys, ureters (tubes that connect the kidneys to the bladder) and the urethra (the tube that allows the bladder to be emptied). Infections of the bladder or the urethra are the most common.
In the United States, about 8.1 million people visit the doctor due to a urinary tract infection each year, according to the American Urological Association.
Most often, a UTI occurs because bacteria enter the urethra and travel up to the bladder, where they multiply.
Bladder infections are typically caused by Escherichia coli (E. coli) bacteria, which are common bacteria in the human gut, according to the Mayo Clinic. Infections of the urethra can be caused by E. coli, or by sexually transmitted infections, such as herpes or chlamydia.
Bacteria in the bladder can also move up to the kidneys and cause a kidney infection (known as pyelonephritis), which can cause permanent kidney damage. An untreated UTI in the bladder can lead to such an infection.
According to the National Institutes of Health, symptoms of a UTI include:
A strong and frequent urge to urinate often, even after you've just emptied your bladder
Pain or burning while urinating
Cloudy or bloody urine
Pain in the lower abdomen or back (pelvic pain for women, rectal pain for men)
Signs of a kidney infection may include:
Chills or night sweats
Fever
Pain in the side, back or groin area
Flushed or reddened skin
Nausea and vomiting
In older adults, mental changes or confusion are often the only signs of a UTI, according to the NIH. For this reason, UTIs in the elderly are often missed, said Dr. Ketul Shah, a urologist from The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center. If an elderly patient comes to the hospital because they are confused and not feeling well, it's important that doctors rule out common problems (such as UTI) first, before they start treatment for other, less common problems, Shah said.
Women are more likely than men to get a UTI. One reason for this is that women have a shorter urethra than men do, and it is closer to the anus. Both of these reasons explain why bacteria can reach the bladder more easily in women. Sexual activity also increases a woman's risk of UTI.
The drop in estrogen levels that women experience after menopause also can make the urinary tract more vulnerable to infection, according to the Mayo Clinic.
Blockages of the urinary tract, such as those caused by a kidney stone or an enlarged prostate, can block the flow of urine and increase the risk of UTI.
People with an impaired immune system, such as those with diabetes and other conditions, have a decreased ability to fight off infections, which can increase the risk of UTI.
People who have a urinary catheter are also at increased risk for UTI.
People who hold their urine for long periods of time may also be at risk for a urinary tract infection, Shah said. Urine has a high amount of glucose and proteins, which can allow bacteria to grow, Shah said. "The bacteria has more time to multiply" when people hold their urine, Shah said.
To diagnose a UTI, doctors collect a urine sample to look for bacteria or byproducts from bacteria, such as red and white blood cells, Shah said. Doctors can also perform a urine culture — in which the urine sample is cultured in a lab to see if it grows bacteria — which takes about 24 to 48 hours, Shah said. The latter test can help doctors determine which antibiotics are most suitable to treat the infection, Shah said.
Usually, a urinary tract infection is treated with antibiotics to prevent the infection from spreading to the kidneys. Symptoms of a bladder infection usually go away within one to two days after starting antibiotics.
Patients who are prescribed antibiotics should take them exactly as it was recommended by your healthcare provider, and they should not stop taking the drug until your provider says it is safe to do so, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
A recent opinion article published in The BMJ (British Medical Journal) has questioned the long-held advice of finishing a course of antibiotics even if a person is feeling better to prevent the relapse of an infection. The article suggests this advice might be contributing to an increase in antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
Women with recurrent UTIs — meaning having more than two or three UTIs in a year — may be told to take antibiotics after sexual activity to prevent infection. Longer courses of antibiotics, or stronger doses, also may be required for people with recurrent infections.
A more severe infection of the kidneys may require hospital treatment. Hospital treatment involves injecting fluids and antibiotics through a vein. Some people may need surgery if the infection is caused by a problem with the structure of the urinary tract, according to the NIH.
UTIs in children can be serious because the infection can sometimes affect the growth of the kidneys, Shah said. Children who have had a UTI may require further testing to make sure their urine is not traveling back up into the kidneys, Shah said.
Ways to help prevent UTIs include drinking plenty of water to dilute urine and flush out bacteria, and urinating after intercourse. Women who've gone through menopause may use estrogen cream around the vagina to reduce the risk of infections, the NIH says.
A 2012 review suggested that cranberries may help prevent UTIs, according to the University of Maryland Medical Center. Cranberries may interfere with the way bacteria attach to urinary tract cells.
The idea that cranberry juice can prevent UTIs is controversial, because although some studies show a benefit, other studies find little evidence of a benefit, or suggest that the benefit is a placebo effect, Shah said. Still, because cranberry juice is safe and not very expensive, Shah said he does recommend it as a way to help prevent UTI.
Additional reporting by Cari Nierenberg, Live Science Contributor.
Follow Rachael Rettner @RachaelRettner. Follow Live Science @livescience, Facebook & Google+.
Additional resources
Masked thieves threatened staff and customers during an armed robbery at a borough bookmaker.
Shortly before 11.30am on Sunday (August 13), police were called to Betfred on Elliott Street in Tyldesley to reports of an armed robbery.
Staff and customers were threatened by two masked men who were armed with a sawn-off shotgun.
Both offenders are described as about 5ft 10” tall. One of the men was wearing light grey jogging bottoms with green writing on them. The other man was wearing all black clothing.
Both were wearing balaclavas.
Officers believe this incident may be linked to an attempted robbery earlier that day in Farnworth.
Further enquiries revealed that the offenders had also attempted to enter a convenience store at 11am on Highfield Road before fleeing in a white Citroen Nemo.
Police traced the vehicle to an address in Tyldesley and subsequent searches resulted in the recovery of the sawn-off shotgun, a quantity of cash and drugs.
A man in his 30s and a man in his 40s have been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and enquires are ongoing.
Detective Sergeant, Craig Hurst of GMP's Wigan Borough, said: “This was a brazen attack, during daylight hours which has left the witnesses extremely shaken.
“Thankfully no-one was injured, but that doesn't excuse what the staff and customers had to ordeal at the hands of these violent men.
“I would urge anyone that was in the area at the time that thinks they might have seen something that could help our investigation to please get in touch.”
Anyone with information should call police on 101, quoting incident number 1007 of Sunday 13 August 2017, or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
FILE - This July 15, 2013, file photo, shows a sign for Wall Street outside the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Monday, March 19, 2018. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo
DISY on Wednesday deposited €500,000 in the Cyprus Co-operative Bank in a show of confidence in the embattled co-op.
The sum represents the party's budget for salaries and other expenses through to the end of the year.
DISY had repeatedly reassured the public that deposits at the co-op were in no danger. On Tuesday, its president Averof Neophytou said the party would put words into action, and on Wednesday the party went ahead with the deposit.
The co-op has found itself in the eye of the storm as the House Finance Committee discusses state guarantees for Hellenic Bank potential losses from its deal with the CCB.
The state guarantees, expected to go to the plenary on Friday, are integral to the Hellenic-CCB deal.
Despite repeated assurances from the Central Bank and the government that deposits are guaranteed, clients have flocked to co-op branches with reports saying that some €300m has been withdrawn in the past few days.
Does anyone know how to fix network comedies? Everybody knows that the television comedy series is in a sad state. But no one seems to know how to fix it. This fall's crop of sitcoms has all but...
Grading TV's new fall shows: the early winners and losers We're only one month into the new TV season — an eternity in this dog-eat-dog environment. Early on, it's already apparent that several new shows have energized the prime-time landscape,...
The southeast portion of the United States has been blanketed by snow over the past few days, leading to some very scary situations across the entire region. And the Mississippi...
CHICAGO — A Republican lawmaker trying to unseat Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner is standing by a campaign ad that's being blasted as racist, homophobic and “repulsive.”
State Rep. Jeanne Ives, a social and fiscal conservative, says the ad that began airing this weekend illustrates the GOP governor's “chosen constituents based on the policy choices he made.”
The ad features actors portraying people including a transgender woman and a Chicago Teachers Union member, all thanking Rauner.
The deep-voiced transgender woman, wearing a dress that reveals a hairy chest, says “Thank you for signing legislation that lets me use the girl's bathroom.”
Rauner hasn't signed a so-called transgender bathroom bill.
Advocacy groups and people from both political parties quickly condemned the ad.
Ives says GOP primary voters need to know about Rauner's “betrayals of conservatives.”
SpaceX's Elon Musk Talks Rockets, Moon Base and Colonization
Elon Musk has unveiled plans for a new spacecraft that he says would allow his company SpaceX to colonize Mars, build a base on the moon, and allow commercial travel to anywhere on Earth in under an hour.
The spacecraft is currently still codenamed the BFR (Big F***ing Rocket). Musk says the company hopes to have the first launch by 2022, and then have four flying to Mars by 2024.
Last year Musk proposed an earlier plan for the spacecraft, but at the time had not developed a way of funding the project.
Speaking at the International Astronautical Congress in Adelaide Australia on Friday, Musk said the company had figured out a way to pay for the project.
The key, he said, was to "cannibalize" all of SpaceX's other products.
Instead of operating a number of smaller spacecrafts to deliver satellites into orbit and supply the International Space Station, Musk said the BFR would eventually be used to complete all of its missions.
"If we can do that then all the resources that are used for Falcon9, Dragon and Heavy can by applied to this system," he said.
SpaceX has been working feverishly on reusable spacecraft designs, now completing 16 successful landings in a row of its Falcon9 rocket. That was the key to allowing the ambitious design to be economic, he said.
"It's really crazy that we build these sophisticated rockets and then crash them every time we fly," he said. "This is mad."
Musk said the cost of fuel is low, and so if the crafts were fully reusable, the costs of flights drop dramatically. He said the company had already started building the system, with construction of the first ship to begin next year.
"I feel fairly confident that we can complete the ship and be ready for a launch in five years," he said.
By 2024, Musk said he wanted to fly four ships to Mars, two of which would have crew in them. By that stage, they planned to be able to build a plant on the surface of Mars that would be able to synthesize fuel for return journeys back from Mars.
For a trip to Mars, he said the craft would be able to hold about 100 people in 40 cabins. But he said once the ship is built, it could be used to travel on Earth too.
Musk did not estimate the cost of such flights, but said that most long-distance flights could be completed in 30 minutes, and you could get anywhere on Earth in under an hour.
"If we're building this thing to go to the Moon and Mars then why not go to other places on earth as well," he said.
He said the size of the payload -- which would allow items with a diameter of just under 9m -- means larger satellites could be delivered to orbit in a single mission.
At a presentation at last year's International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico, Musk described the earlier iteration of the system with more details about the costs.
For that earlier version, he said the cost of sending a person on the SpaceX Interplanetary Transport System would be around $200,000. Musk suggested that multiple space rockets could take 100 people each over 40 to 100 years until a million people lived there.
"It was much too big and fantastical," said Robert Zubrin, president and founder of Mars Society, a non-profit that promotes human settlement of Mars.
Musk's proposal for getting a million people to Mars as quickly as possible was, Zubrin said, "like a D-Day landing." Instead, Musk should be thinking of sending just ten people to set up an agricultural base, Zubrin said.
"Then send 20 more people and so forth to develop capabilities to make steel and eventually create institutions like schools."
"He typically goes into something with over-reach," Zubrin added, referring to Musk's tendency to over-promise with many of his projects, including delivery dates of Teslas and the progress of The Boring Company, drilling a subterranean Los Angeles commuter tunnel.
"But he's able to take criticism and adjust things to become achievable," said Zubrin.
"If he reduces his launch system from 500 tons to 150 tons or fewer, that would show he's serious and would move him from the realm of vision to the realm of engineering."
Lockheed Martin also presented an idea for a manned Mars mission at the Adelaide event. The aerospace company outlined a six-person space station called Mars Base Camp that it thinks could be orbiting the red planet by 2028 along with a lander that could descend to the surface.
Astronauts on the space station could carry out scientific research and exploration work, including operating rovers and identifying landing spots on the surface of the planet for larger vehicles.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
CANFIELD, Ohio (WYTV) – U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown celebrated National Manufacturing Day in the Valley on Friday.
He spent the morning at the Mahoning County Career and Technical Center.
Brown took part in a roundtable discussion on how to make young people aware and interested in manufacturing jobs in Ohio. His team said the Democratic senator has offered to work with President Donald Trump to get better trade deals that will boost Ohio's manufacturing sector.
“Kids that may not be thrilled about English class or history class can come to this manufacturing camp, and they make stuff and see at the end of the day, ‘Look what we did with our brains and our hands,' and they think, ‘Maybe I can make a living like this,'” he said.
Brown said he wants to change the perception of the Valley being the “Rust Belt.” He said a lot of the local manufacturing jobs are clean and high-tech and require highly-skilled workers.
