WINDSOR, Ont. — World championship track medallist Melissa Bishop is the proud mother of a new baby girl.
The native of Eganville, Ont., tweeted she gave birth to Corinne Chidera on Monday morning in Windsor, Ont.
"We are so damn excited," the 29-year-old Bishop said of her and husband Osi Nriagu, her former teammate at the University of Windsor.
"Our world & hearts just exploded with love July 2, Corinne Chidera, made her entrance at 8:29 AM. Everyone is healthy, happy & time seems to be moving too quickly already."
Bishop, who won silver in the 800 metres at the world championships in 2015 and came fourth at the 2016 Rio Olympics, has said she plans to try to compete at the 2019 world championships and 2020 Olympics.
"I think I'll definitely have someone else in my corner, and someone else to fight for, that's the most exciting part," Bishop told The Canadian Press last month.
Bishop will be looking after young Corinne while her fellow Canadian track and field standouts compete at the national championships this week in Ottawa.
By The Canadian Press
[India] Dec 11 (ANI): The Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) of Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions Jitendra Singh on Monday said the Department of Personnel & Training (DoPT) is trying its best to clear the backlog of promotions which had accumulated for several years.
He said while the Government led by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi follows a policy of zero tolerance towards corrupt and non-performing officers, at the same time it is also supportive towards performing officers of integrity.
Singh was responding to a delegation of Central Secretariat employees who called on him here today and sought his intervention for timely promotion of lower grade staff members.
They also submitted a memorandum on behalf the Central Secretariat MTS Association, wherein it was submitted that many of the lowermost working professionals in the Government of India get deprived of even single promotion during their entire service tenure.
In order to bring in the ease of governance as well as objectivity in empanelments, the government has, in the last three years, improvised upon the procedures so as to ensure that there are no subjective preferences involved in carrying out the promotions," Jitendra Singh said.
"The procedures have been made more hi-tech using sophisticated technology tools to minimize the human interface," he added.
Singh said he himself personally feels disturbed to come across cases where some of the employees working in the lowest rung of administration spend their entire service tenure of 30 to 35 years without securing a single promotion.
The Minister also regretted that in a large number of cases, stagnation in promotions was the result of litigation amongst the employees themselves and even though the DoPT tries its best to put forward its view in the court of law, the delay becomes inevitable. (ANI)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The CJTF-OIR stressed that among the 16 reports it received in November 2016 about possible civilian casualties from the coalition strikes in Iraq and Syria, 13 were assessed as non-credible, five were labeled credible and five more were still being assessed.
The coalition airstrikes against Daesh targets, which together resulted in the unintended death of 15 civilians, occurred in the Iraqi cities of Shahid-Yunis As Sab on November 6, Mosul on November 26 and 29, and in Syrian Salahiyah on November 21 and Raqqa on November 26, according to the statement.
"To date, based on information available, CJTF-OIR has assessed that, it is more likely than not, at least 188 civilians have been unintentionally killed by coalition strikes since the start of Operation Inherent Resolve. CJTF-OIR regrets the unintentional loss of civilian lives resulting from coalition efforts to defeat ISIL [Daesh] in Iraq and Syria and express our deepest sympathies to the families and others affected by these strikes," the statement said.
The US-led coalition of more than 60 nations has been conducting airstrikes against Daesh in Syria and Iraq since 2014. The strikes in Syria have not been authorized by the government of Syrian President Bashar Assad or the UN Security Council.
The American flag has 13 broad stripes, seven red, six white, a field of blue and 50 perfectly-placed bright stars. It's the representation of the United States, and as anyone knows who has watched that star-spangled banner yet wave, the American flag means so much more than the sum of those parts.
Scroll for more content...
"We're creating a symbol of our nation that has one meaning, but so many personal interpretations that go along with it," said Jodi Goglio, COO of Eder Flag Company.
All you have to do is ask the people who make the flag itself.
"America is all about people coming from somewhere and making home here," said Radica Markovic, sewing manager.
Since 1887, Eder Flag Company has called Wisconsin home. On the outside, it's a collection of nondescript buildings in Oak Creek, but inside, it's a shining sea of red, white and blue.
"Every year, we produce over five million U.S. flags," said Goglio.
Eder is the largest company in the country when it comes to manufacturing both flags and flagpoles, and the busiest time of year for the more than 220 employees is between Memorial Day, Flag Day and the Fourth of July.
"Yesterday we had 450 boxes going out," said Robin Meiter, shipping associate.
At a time when patriotism reaches its peak, Eder embodies the very best of the American melting pot.
"Employees from Burma. Employees from Pakistan. I am from Serbia. We have from Croatia, from Bosnia, Mexico, El Salvador, Iran. I am sorry if I forgot somebody," said Markovic.
"They each have their own individual story," said Goglio.
For each individual, the flag signifies something different. For Robin Meiter, who was born in Milwaukee, it's a reminder of his time in the U.S. Army.
"Going into the military, it made me really become a man, learn a lot more responsibility," said Meiter, who joined in 1975.
For Radica Markovic and Vlado Maric, it's the sign of new life after escaping war-torn countries.
"This felt like a home. I felt welcome when I started working here and I felt like I belonged," said Markovic.
Both worked their way up through the ranks at Eder Flag, while also becoming U.S. citizens.
"It took me like, one year to do all that stuff. I have to study. There is a test in writing, speaking, talking and I finally got it," said Maric, who was a prisoner of war as a child in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Communication requires a particular set of skills at Eder.
"I speak five languages, and the first one is English, Turkish, Albanian, Serbian and Macedonian," said Elza Islami, sewing supervisor.
Though when it comes to some flags, words aren't necessary.
"We don't always get to know that story, so when we get flags in and we know their significance, it really confirms why we do here what we do," said Goglio.
That's what makes one flag at Eder so special. It's a 30-foot by 60-foot banner that arrived from halfway around the world.
"A troop, a unit that's overseas in special ops -- undisclosed location -- they take this flag with them everywhere they go," said Goglio.
Heavy winds ripped one of the white stripes, and since it was originally made by Eder, the servicemembers trusted Eder employees to repair it.
"We are so proud to have it -- to be able to bring it back and restore it to what they need it to look like -- the U.S. flag symbol," said Goglio.
"It makes me very, very happy and proud being part of making that flag to give them that comfort," said Markovic.
It's a connection woven across continents -- one star, one stripe, one stitch at a time.
Two incumbent associate justices and one retired justice lash out at the Chief Justice before the 'impeachment committee' for her apparent repeated transgressions
Published 3:07 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – In a rare public display of disdain towards the “first among equals,” several associate justices of the Supreme Court (SC) openly criticized Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno for the apparent mistakes she repeatedly made during her 5-year term.
“I believe that the actions done by the chief justice from the time that she resumed her position showed no respect or courtesy to the court en banc,” said Associate Justice Teresita Leonardo-de Castro on Monday, December 11, as the House committee on justice continued hearing an impeachment case against Sereno.
“I do not disagree with the characterizations made by Deputy Speaker Hernandez,” said Associate Justice Francis Jardeleza, referring to South Cotabato 2nd District Representative Ferdinand Hernandez, who asked the SC justices if they felt insulted by Sereno's apparent habit of making decisions on her own, without consulting the en banc.
“En banc” refers to all 15 justices of the Supreme Court, including Sereno.
“We are a very small group in the Supreme Court. Sasabihin ko sa kanya, wala namang ganyanan (I would tell her, don't go that route). You are getting what you want through these devious means that are not right,” added retired associate justice Arturo Brion.
The House committee has been deliberating over 7 hearing days a complaint filed by lawyer Larry Gadon against Sereno. Among Gadon's allegations is that Sereno curtailed the power of the Supreme Court en banc, a collegial body, by making decisions on her own.
These include the establishment of the Regional Court Administrator's Office (RCAO) in Region VII, the issuance of a temporary restraining order in the proclamation of party-list group winners, and the transfer of the Maute cases from Marawi City to Taguig City, among others.
“Yung maliliit na patak, unti-unti pag iniipon mo ang maliliit na patak na niyan,… tulad nang nangyayari ngayon, pagdating ng panahon, nagiging agos. Ang agos, nagiging baha,” said Brion, again referring to Sereno's apparent habit of making decisions on her own without consulting the rest of the court.
(These small droplets, they accumulate. And like what's happening now, over time, it becomes a stream. A stream becomes a flood.)
De Castro, who had earlier testified before the committee, added: “I've been calling the attention of the chief justice so she will not commit the same mistakes. It's been 5 years, she has not stopped failing to ask the en banc. Until when will we suffer (Hanggang kailan kami magtitiis)?”
Hernandez pointed out that in the case of the RCAO, the TRO, and the Maute cases, it was the en banc that “corrected” Sereno's apparent transgressions.
Jardeleza said the en banc was "very concerned about its reputation."
"We are here to make sure that after these proceedings, the people will have continued faith that the en banc, at least the members, and the en banc in its entirety stand for the rule of law," he said.
Both De Castro and Associate Justice Noel Tijam had earlier accused Sereno of breaking the Supreme Court's own rules in the Maute case by not submitting the case to the raffle committee. De Castro insisted that Sereno cannot designate herself as the member-in-charge.
The House justice committee is set to vote on the impeachment complaint – on whether to accept or reject it – by January 2018. If the committee decides there is probable cause in the impeachment case and one-third of the House accepts this, Sereno will be deemed impeached.
The complaint will then be forwarded to the Senate, sitting as the impeachment court. Once warranted, the Senate will try Sereno and decide on her conviction. – Rappler.com
Duff and Quarters chat about the benefits and pitfalls of a potential AFL reserves competition.
Resolve, reliance and response were the three things Big Walnut boys basketball coach Brett Bartlett saw out of his squad in a 55-52 win over Buckeye Valley Friday night (Nov. 1) in Sunbury.
Sophomore Kegan Hienton scored a game-high 17 points to lead the Golden Eagles' comeback effort after a loss to Watkins Memorial Thursday night to open the season.
“We made sure that we were going to come out strong and play as a team,” Hienton said. “This team bonds well together and we own up to our mistakes. After the loss, we were all frustrated, of course. So, we wanted to come out today, bounce back and play strong – which we did.”
Bartlett and Hienton each talked about the team's effort in the win after a sluggish performance the previous night.
“Last night, we didn't come out with the right mentality and the right mindset,” Bartlett said. “We had no urgency last night and we paid the price by taking the loss. I think we learned from that tonight.”
Junior Nathan Montgomery turned the ball over on what appeared to be BW's last possession of the third quarter.
But, Montgomery gave the perfect example of the resolve, reliance and response on the next play.
With just over 3 seconds left in the third quarter, he denied the inbound pass for a steal, pump-faked, then buried a three-pointer from the left wing at the buzzer to give the Eagles a 44-40 lead through three – part of a 10-1 run that pushed the lead as high as 8 early in the fourth.
“That gave us momentum in the fourth,” Bartlett said. “Just a lot of guts from him to bounce back and put that turnover behind him.”
Montgomery scored 13 points and Carson Becker and Jordan Koebel finished with 12 points apiece for the Eagles.
“(BV) Coach (Andy) Gast gets those kids to play really hard,” Bartlett said. “They're tough kids. They come after you every single possession – especially on the defensive end. We knew coming back on a back-to-back game, it was going to be a tough test for us.”
Part of that resiliency was holding off the short-handed Barons, who got three-pointers Dylan Herbert, Clark Newland and Luke Lucas in the fourth quarter to keep it within striking distance in the final minute.
With only eight players on the roster to begin with, the Barons lost last year's leading scorer Ethan Crawford at the 2:29 mark of the first quarter with an apparent separated shoulder.
Crawford appeared to know what had happened as he walked off the floor holding his arm. Gast said Crawford suffered the injury in football earlier in the fall.
“It's happened before … it's tough,” Gast said. “I thought our kids really played hard – especially after Crawford went down. He's such a big part of our scoring.”
Still, Gast loved his team's effort.
“I thought our kids really battled, but we played hard,” Gast said. “We had a lot of defensive breakdowns tonight. But, I thought we competed hard.”
Herbert led the Barons (0-1) with 15 points, Max Stokey finished with 11 and Lucas added nine.
Olentangy 81, Marion Harding 59
Just one game in and the Olentangy boys basketball team looks to be in mid-season form on the offensive end. The Braves finished a perfect 17-for-17 from the free throw line, shot 52-percent from the field canned 41-percent of their threes en route to an 81-59 win over visiting Marion Harding in Thursday's season opener Nov. 30.
“Not bad,” Olentangy coach John Feasel said of his team's season-opening effort. “I'll certainly take it. We have some things to work on — we turned the ball over a lot and, while we scored 17 points in the third quarter, Sean Marks only had three of them … we have to figure out what's going on there — but we'll keep working.”
The Braves led 23-18 after the first quarter and, thanks to a 17-13 second, found themselves up 40-31 at halftime. They outscored the Presidents 41-28 in the second half to smooth out the scoring summary.
Marks was limited in the third, that's true, but he pretty much scored at will in the other three quarters. The junior finished with a game-best 31 points, including 11 in the fourth. Jerred Kinnaird was also solid, finishing with 15 points thanks in part to a pair of three-pointers and a perfect 3-for-3 effort at the charity stripe, while Alex Sieve poured in 10 points and Luke Riedel had eight.
DeJaun Smith led the Presidents with 14 points while Layne Stephens finished with 11 in the setback.
Watkins Memorial 58, Big Walnut 48
The Golden Eagles played from behind most of the first half and managed just four points in third quarter as the visiting Warriors handed them a season-opening loss Thursday (Nov. 30) in Sunbury.
Watkins Memorial jumped out to a 17-11 lead after the first quarter and, thanks to a 14-13 second, led 31-24 at the break.
Big Walnut was still in striking distance, but the four-point third hurt. The Warriors ballooned their lead to 14, 42-28, after three and the Eagles couldn't claw back. They scored 20 in the fourth, but it wasn't enough.
Sam Elliott led BW with 14 points while Jordan Koebel and Carson Becker had 10 apiece. Kegan Hienton was also steady, finishing with nine points in the setback.
Watkins' DJ Ortiz led all scorers with 18 points.
Big Walnut's Carson Becker, left, drives toward the hoop as Buckeye Valley's Austin Richard defends during the first half of last Friday's non-league showdown in Sunbury. http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2017/12/web1_bvbw.jpg Big Walnut's Carson Becker, left, drives toward the hoop as Buckeye Valley's Austin Richard defends during the first half of last Friday's non-league showdown in Sunbury.
By Michael Rich For the Gazette
Follow Michael Rich on Twitter @mrichnotwealthy or contact him at mrichnotwealthy@gmail.com.
Follow Michael Rich on Twitter @mrichnotwealthy or contact him at mrichnotwealthy@gmail.com.
Saints will be hoping to maintain their winning streak at Belle Vue on Sunday.
They have won the last four meetings between the clubs east of the Pennines but are likely to find rejuvenated Trinity a tougher nut to crack than in the past.
The Tykes are currently fourth in the Betfred Super League table - a far cry from days gone by when they were perennial strugglers - and Saints' boss Justin Holbrook knows his side will have to be at their best to emerge triumphant as the business end of the season looms on the horizon.
He said: ''Wakefield are a difficult team to face on their own ground, possessing a big pack which off-loads well, speedy wingmen and two smart half backs and that is why they are sitting so high in the table.
“We have to continue our present form (three wins in the last four games))and will need to play well to pick up what will be two valuable points.''
Prop Kyle Amor is expected to be fit after missing the win over the Catalans Dragons with a hamstring problem and will be relishing the chance to put one over on his former club.
Holbrook will choose his 17 from: 1. Jonny Lomax, 2. Tommy Makinson, 3. Ryan Morgan, 4. Mark Percival, 6. Theo Fages, 8. Alex Walmsley, 9. James Roby, 10. Kyle Amor, 12. Jon Wilkin, 13. Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook, 14. Luke Douglas, 16. Luke Thompson, 17.
Tommy Lee, 18. Dominique Peyroux, 20. Morgan Knowles, 24. Danny Richardson, 28. Regan Grace, 32. Matty Lees, 36. Zeb Taia.
The game kicks off at 3pm and the referee is James Child.
In episode 34 of the Newsroom Insider, host Jim Poling talks to Susan Clairmont and David Crosbie about their work on the recently launched, serialized podcast, Covering Diane.
The podcast series tells the story of Diane Werendowicz's murder in 1981 and the ensuing 37 years of policework, court cases, and journalism surrounding Robert Badgerow's conviction.
Previous podcasts at thespec.com/newsroom-insider.
BEIRUT At least two Syrians were killed on Thursday when a bomb detonated next to their car on the outskirts of a town in northeastern Lebanon near the border with Syria, a Lebanese security source said.
The source said the blast was near the border town of Arsal, which has a large Syrian refugee population. He gave no further details.
(Writing by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Marine Le Pen (C), French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, celebrates after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, gestures to supporters after the first round of 2017 French presidential election in Paris, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
PARIS Centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen are leading in the official count of votes from the first round of France's presidential election with 46 million tallied so far, figures from the Interior Ministry showed on Monday.
With nearly all of France's 47 million strong electorates accounted for, the figures put Macron on 23.82 percent of votes and Le Pen on 21.58 percent, conservative Francois Fillon at 19.96 percent, and far-leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon on 19.49 percent.
(Reporting by Sybille de la Hamaide; writing by Leigh Thomas, Editing by John Irish)
NEW YORK- (02/14/2017) Former store clerk, Pedro Hernandez, has been found guilty by a New York state court jury for the murder of Etan Patz. The verdict comes nearly 40 years after the boy's death.
Pats disappeared from his bus stop back in May of 1979 after Hernandez reportedly lured him to a basement and then killed him.
The 56-year-old confessed to the murder back in 2012, but his lawyers argued that he was mentally ill. The case did go to trial in 2015 but ended in mistrial.
Hernandez lawyers say they may file an appeal.
ACCIDENTAL blazes could have catastrophic consequences, the Country Fire Service has warned, as they plead with farmers to be vigilant on a day of extreme fire danger.
Total fire bans have been declared today in 11 of South Australia's 15 districts as temperatures hover near 40C.
Extreme and severe conditions are forecast across the majority of the state with north to north-westerly wind gusts of up to 50km/h possibly raising areas of dust.
A cool change is expected to reach Adelaide, where the temperature is forecast to reach 38C, by early afternoon.
CFS state duty commander Nik Stanley said primary producers needed to be vigilant when moving around heavy machinery.
“With the conditions expected, accidental fires could have catastrophic consequences, so we need the public to remain vigilant,” he said.
“Harvesting and slashing should be delayed until the cooler weather arrives on Thursday, and any form of spark-producing industrial work should not be carried out.
“Farmers are able to harvest in the morning if conditions in their paddocks are mild.”
Mr Stanley said the use of mechanical cutting tools and welders was prohibited on total fire ban days, unless a Schedule 10 permit had been granted by the local council.
“With conditions drying and hot northerly winds, a single spark from machinery could quickly develop into a large, fast moving fire,” Mr Stanley said. The CFS is also reminding parents to prepare contingency plans for children who may be at school or childcare.
The Bureau of Meteorology is forecasting temperatures in the Far North and Flinders Ranges to reach the low to mid 40s.
But relief is on the way with temperatures expected to drop back to the mid 20s heading into the weekend.
The Advertiser yesterday revealed new satellite evidence showing much of SA now in peak fire danger, prompting warnings from authorities to complacent property owners.
The imagery shows grasslands across almost the entire state are close to fully cured, setting up dangerous bushfire conditions that are likely to remain for months.
Yesterday, a large crop fire broke out at Yorke Valley, on Yorke Peninsula, about 11.15am and quickly spread to nearby properties.
It burnt about 300ha before firefighters managed to contain the blaze about two hours later.
Slovenia's banks less vulnerable to risks - central bank
LJUBLJANA, June 14 Slovenian banks have become more robust and better able to withstand economic shocks three years after their bad loan problems almost pushed the country towards an international bailout, the Bank of Slovenia said its June report on financial stability on Wednesday.
(Repeats to additional subscribers, no changes to text)
By Helen Reid
LONDON May 3 Shares of European suppliers of microchips, sensors and circuitry to Apple fell on Wednesday after the smartphone company's much-awaited iPhone sales missed expectations in the second quarter.
Suppliers rely on strong iPhone sales for part of their profits, and in some cases Apple's announcement on Tuesday reawakened concerns about excessive exposure to Apple.
Shares in Dialog Semiconductor, which provides power management systems for Apple, fell 3 percent, among the top European fallers on the day.
The company has been in investors' focus since mid-April when a research note from German broker Bankhaus Lampe suggested Apple could be developing the capacity to bring its power management components in-house.
That report knocked as much as a quarter off of Dialog's market value on the day. The company gets nearly 75 percent of its revenue from Apple, according to Morgan Stanley estimates.
Imagination Technologies, a British designer of graphical processing units used in smartphones, was down 0.5 percent. In April it said Apple, its largest customer, would stop using its technology within 15 to 24 months, causing its stock to lose nearly two thirds of its value in a single day.
Swiss company AMS, the maker of optical sensors for iPhones, dropped 2.1 percent and Italy's STMicro, which provides the phone's accelerometers, gyroscopes and motion sensors, fell 1.7 percent.
Shares in ASML, Europe's largest supplier to computer chipmakers, fell 0.6 percent. The Netherlands-listed company is lower down the Apple supply chain than Dialog and STMicro, supplying to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company which in turn serves Apple.
Apple said on Tuesday it sold 50.76 million iPhones in the quarter ended April 1, down from 51.19 million a year earlier, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of its 10th anniversary edition..
Analysts on average had estimated iPhone sales of 52.27 million, according to financial data and analytics firm FactSet. (Reporting by Helen Reid, Editing by Vikram Subhedar and Susan Thomas)
A proposed City of Richmond School Safety resolution asks Congress to ban “large-capacity ammunition cartridges.”
The proposed resolution also calls on Congress to “ban the manufacture, sale, purchase, possession, and use of assault weapons.”
It also asks to implement “universal background checks.” Such checks would require a background check for a private sale just like the background check currently required for a retail purchase. Ironically, almost every high-profile firearm-based attacker acquires his or her gun via background checks at retail sales, so such an expansion would do nothing to prevent future attacks.
To date, attackers that do not acquire firearms via background checks most often get their guns via thievery. For example, the Parkland, Florida, school attacker passed a background check for his rifle, while the Sandy Hook Elementary attacker stole his guns. Universal background checks would not have prevented either attack.
The proposed Richmond school safety resolution voices opposition to arming teachers for self-defense, even as it calls for more gun control outside of schools. The resolution says, “The School Board and [Richmond Public Schools] is opposed to the arming of teachers to protect schools and children.”
Moreover, the proposed resolution calls for extending gun-free school zones. It should be noted that Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School was not only a gun-free zone but an ammunition-free zone as well, yet none of these designations mattered to the gunman who was intent on taking lives of defenseless individuals.
The proposed resolution also calls on Congress to fund “programs to educate students and their families on the dangers of firearms.”
Richmond Times-Dispatch reporter Justin Mattingly reports the school board is expected to take up the school safety resolution at its next meeting.
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins, and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News. He is the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.
Kylie Jenner is enjoying all the perks of being a mom to a baby girl.
A source tells PEOPLE that the Lip Kit mogul “is having so much fun with” daughter Stormi, 6 weeks, adding, “She's a great mom and she loves dressing Stormi up in outfits!”
“She's a little doll. And she has the most incredible wardrobe — everything from designer clothes to tons of shoes,” the insider adds of Jenner's newborn. “And everyone is really proud of how Kylie is doing.”
The source also tells PEOPLE Jenner's relationship with boyfriend Travis Scott is going well, but that he's very busy and there has still been no talk about an engagement.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Kylie Jenner and daughter Stormi Kylie Jenner/Instagram
RELATED: Sleeping Beauty! Kylie Jenner's Daughter Stormi Is Too Adorable in New Snap Shared by Mom
Last week, a source divulged to PEOPLE that Jenner, 20, “is very protective of Stormi.”
“Kylie is socializing with her friends as well and includes Stormi. Of course, she doesn't want her baby to get sick while she is little,” the insider explained. “It just seems normal and she is definitely not hysterical about it. It is, after all, still the flu season.”
Kylie Jenner's daughter Stormi
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
Little Stormi is already developing her own social circle, too. She and cousin Chicago — Kanye and Kim Kardashian West‘s newest addition, born Jan. 15 — have enjoyed quite a bit of time together already.
RELATED VIDEO: Kendall Jenner Says the Birth of Sister Kylie's Daughter Stormi Has ‘Made Us Even Closer'
“Kim and Kylie live very close to each other and spend a lot of time together,” last week's source told PEOPLE at the time.
“Kylie brings Stormi to Kim's house. Stormi is around the other kids, including Chicago. It seems too early to call it play dates though.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New Delhi: Thirty-nine Indians kidnapped by the Islamic State in Iraq's Mosul in 2014 are dead, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said on Tuesday.
The minister told the Rajya Sabha that their bodies were spotted using deep penetration radar. The bodies were exhumed from mass graves and their identities confirmed by DNA tests, she said.
"The bodies were sent to Baghdad for DNA testing. The DNA of 38 Indians have been matched," she said.
All of them were construction workers, mostly from Punjab, and were employed by an Iraqi company in Mosul.
They were taken hostage by Islamic State militants when they took control of the second largest city in Iraq in 2014. The workers were trying to leave Mosul when they were held hostage. Minister of State for External Affairs V.K. Singh visited Iraq, days after Mosul was liberated by Iraqi forces from the rule of Islamic State.
A San Francisco federal appeals court ruled Twitter is not responsible for the ISIS murder of two Americans.
According to SFGate, “Lawyers for the widows of the two men argued in their lawsuit that Twitter had been essential to the emergence of the terror group and bore some responsibility,” for a 2015 ISIS attack on two Americans, former police officers' Lloyd Fields Jr. and James Creach, in Jordan.
“Without Twitter, the explosive growth of ISIS over the last few years into the most-feared terrorist group in the world would not have been possible,” claimed the lawsuit, which was filed by the wives of the two victims, Tamara Fields and Heather Creach.
In their lawsuit, Fields and Creach showed alleged ISIS activity on the social network as evidence of its contribution towards the growth and maintenance of ISIS, however, the court ruled 3-0 that there was no connection between the two.
“At most, the (suit) establishes that Twitter's alleged provision of material support to ISIS facilitated the organization's growth and ability to plan and execute terrorist acts,” declared Judge Milan Smith. “But the (suit) does not articulate any connection between Twitter's provision of this aid and (the women's) injuries [from their husbands' deaths].”
In a statement, Fields and Creach's lawyer, Joshua Arisohn expressed disappointment over the court ruling, proclaiming, “Twitter knowingly provided social media accounts to ISIS, and ISIS used those accounts to recruit thousands of new members, to fundraise millions of dollars and to spread its vile propaganda around the world.”
Twitter has previously been sued for allegedly allowing ISIS activity on their platform.
Last year, the family members of three American citizens killed by ISIS filed a lawsuit against Twitter, while victims of the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Florida, joined a federal lawsuit which claimed Twitter and other social networks allowed the shooter to be radicalized.
In 2016, a lawsuit also claimed Twitter's direct messages served as a satellite phone for members of the terrorist organization.
“My goal when I took over this office in 2015 was to make it operate at the speed of business, not at the speed of government,” stated Secretary Krebs. “We moved from paper filings that were over six weeks behind when I took office to an online service for today's fast-paced business world where you can form a business within 15 minutes and have your certificate in hand.”
If anything has typified Mohill's recent status as one of the powerhouse of Leitrim Club football ahead of Sunday's Connacht Gold Senior Championship Final, it is their resilience and mental strength according to captain Danny Beck.
Mohill would have had a reputation, rightly or wrongly, of being a soft touch in the past but that is a reputation that is very much exploded and now it is Mohill who are regarded as a championship specialist, the team that refused to be beaten.
Recalling their wins over Drumreilly and St. Mary, Danny said “A few years ago, it is panic stations at those times. Now there is a calmness about us, we're not just going there are five minutes left, lob a long ball in and hope for the best.
“We'll play our way through, we'll just keep coming, keep knocking on the door and eventually that door will open. I suppose it is resilience and I suppose it comes from the training field there.
“If anyone wants to pull out of training, you're a brave boy going to Podgie to tell him you're pulling out. You don't pull out and it is the same in games, you just don't stop until that final whistle is sounded.”
That attitude was evident in the way Mohill battled past Drumreilly in the Quarter-Finals and Danny was quick to pay tribute to their opponents - “Both teams showed resilience and the conditions that there was. Against Drumreilly, we kicked 17 points, that's fair shooting in those conditions.
“That's Drumreilly, they never die, they keep fighting. Drumreilly never die, they keep fighting and Mohill would have crumbled a few years ago and that didn't happen.”
A change in attitude has been helped by an influx of young players used to winning at underage level - “There are new guys there who have a free-flowing attitude, they just take things as they come and keep going and going and going.”
That attitude even extends to not worrying about costly injuries to key players - “We still have injuries, we have lads that are probably going to miss the final and it is what it is. There is not a thing we can do about it, you can pick up an injury doing anything. That's just the reality of it, you just get on with it.”
With such a positive outlook, it is no surprise to learn than is a fan of the new Championship structure - “Just the structure of the championship brought a more competitive structure to it, it brought strong teams to the semis and quarters.
“There are a lot of games in a short time but what do you want to be doing? Do you want to be playing football or training on a Sunday morning waiting for games? Games are no harm, that is what you train for.”
SEE WWW.LEITRIMOBSERVER.IE FOR MORE STORIES AND INTERVIEWS AHEAD OF NEXT SUNDAY'S LEITRIM SENIOR AND INTERMEDIATE CHAMPIONSHIP FINALS.
Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team driver Marcus Ericsson has predicted that tyre management will be crucial in the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
Degradation has been a notable factor in the first two races at the Baku City Circuit, however this year sees a different challenge, with the event moved forward from its usual June slot. Early weather forecasts suggest cooler temperatures, something that may ease the Swede's worries.
“Tyre management will be a key factor, as the degradation of the tyres is quite high during the race,” said Ericsson. “It is quite a cool track, with a good mix of high-speed sectors and challenging corners.”
Ericsson looked at the additional challenges posed by Formula 1‘s newest street circuit, putting particular emphasis on the narrowest corner on the calendar – known colloquially as the ‘castle chicane', or Turns 8 and 9. The uphill right hander is just 7.6 metres wide, and was the site of a red flag inducing crash in FIA Formula 2‘s feature race.
“The race in Baku will be our first street race of the season,” added Ericsson. “What is special about the track is that it features some twisty parts, mainly around the castle.
“The track is very narrow there, and you must be very precise as a driver.”
Baku also boasts the longest straight on the Formula 1 calendar, a 2.2 kilometre long stretch along Neftchilar Avenue, where the pits are located. Mixed with several slow corners, the circuit demands a lot of different strengths from the car, making car setup a fine balance.
“Another challenge will be to set up the car to suit the demands of the circuit,” the 27-year-old noted. “I look forward to going to Baku, and continuing our strong performance from the first three races of the year.”
Courtesy of Ericsson at the Bahrain Grand Prix, Sauber scored their earliest points finish in three years – when Ericsson and then team-mate Felipe Nasr both finished in the top ten at the 2015 Australian Grand Prix.
THE jobless 30-year-old American who still lives in his parents' home is scrambling to pack up his mess of a room as eviction day looms.
Michael Rotondo is coming off a whirlwind week of media interviews and a trip to Texas to appear on conspiracy theorist Alex Jones' radio show for $3,000 ($A3960) after the story of his parents suing to evict him went viral.
But now, Rotondo has only two days — Friday at noon — to leave his parents' place in Camillus, New York, which he's called home for the past eight years.
MORE:Deadbeat son sued by parents
MORE: Evicted millennial's cringe-worthy TV interview
Camera Icon Michael Rotondo (left) has only two days to leave his parents' house. Picture: AP
“Looking around my room and stuff, how much more is all this going to take to pack?” Rotondo told Syracuse.com after schlepping to a Lowe's store to buy $30 ($A40) worth of boxes and tape.
He'll keep his belongings — piles of books, crumpled clothing, a computer and a bed, according to a photo of his dishevelled room — in a self-storage unit until he finds a new place to stay.
“There's no more urgency after that,” he added. “Everything else is just finding a long-term place.”
Rotondo said he's looking for “someplace inexpensive, with internet.”
MORE: We are to blame for today's ‘beatitude' kids
Camera Icon Rotondo's parents' home in Camillus, New York. Picture: Supplied, WSTM TV
The unemployed father of one has been mooching off his parents, Mark and Christina, for the past eight years and showed no signs of moving out until they sued him earlier this month.
The familial spat garnered international headlines and Rotondo shot to overnight infamy, appearing on Fox News, CNN and even earning a paycheck from Jones last Friday.
A Home Depot employee also offered to pay for Rotondo's moving expenses after he complained he was too broke to fly the coop, but he declined.
“Alex Jones makes money for having me on his show,” Rotondo explained.
The woman “does not,” he told Syracuse.com.
But with his new-found celebrity have come “harassing” phone calls, Rotondo claimed.
On Monday, someone with a blocked phone number called his cell and muttered, “Loser,” before hanging up. Rotondo called 911.
“I can't have my phone getting jammed up with nonsense like that,” he said. “I can't have that happen.”
Police responded to his complaint that afternoon, but it's unclear what, if any, action was taken.
This article was originally published by the New York Post and is republished with permission.
Two-time defending state champion Seton Catholic continued to prove why it deserves 4A's No. 1 ranking in girls' basketball Friday night in Chandler, routing No. 15 Bradshaw Mountain, 80-20, as the Bears begin winding down their regular season.
Bradshaw Mountain's record dropped to 14-10 overall, while the Sentinels improved to 23-3, including 9-0 at home, in this non-region affair. Seton Catholic has won 11 consecutive games, allowing no more than 40 points in each of its victories.
“They are a very good team,” Bears coach Rick Haltom said. “So deep. But both Rylee Bundrick and Delaney Clark played well [for us], with tons of energy.”
Clark finished with a team-high eight points, while Bundrick added five points.
Despite the setback, Bradshaw Mountain still has a chance to host a state tournament play-in game on Thursday, Feb. 8, provided it beats rival Prescott on the road Tuesday, Feb. 6.
“We will now focus on Prescott moving forward,” Haltom added.
The Top 8-ranked teams in 4A at the end of the season earn automatic berths into the 16-team state tournament, which starts Tuesday, Feb. 13. Seton Catholic will be one of them. The Sentinels have won four state titles in the past six years, including in 4A in 2017 and the former Division II in 2012, 2014 and 2016.
Those 4A squads ranked ninth through 24th at the end of the campaign will be paired in the play-in round for one-game playoffs, with only the winners advancing to state. Each of the ninth- through 16th-ranked teams hosts a play-in round contest.
UP NEXT
Bradshaw Mountain (7-4 region) visits area rival Prescott (10-17 overall, 3-8 region) for its regular season/Grand Canyon region finale at 7 p.m. Feb. 6 in the dome gym.
Seton Catholic hosts 4A non-region foe and 16th-ranked Moon Valley (15-8) at 7 p.m. Monday, Feb. 5.
Doug Cook is a sports reporter for The Daily Courier. Follow him on Twitter at @dougout_dc. Email him at dcook@prescottaz.com or call 928-445-3333, ext. 2039.
× Prince Harry shares emotional struggles after Diana's death
LONDON — It is an image those who saw it will never forget: Prince William and Prince Harry — just boys, really — walking silently behind their mother's cortege as the world mourned Princess Diana's death in 1997.
Now Harry has revealed for the first time that losing his mother when he was only 12 left him in emotional turmoil for 20 years, filling him with grief and rage he could only manage after he sought counseling.
Breaking sharply with the royal tradition of maintaining a stoic silence about mental health, the 32-year-old prince told The Daily Telegraph in an interview published Monday that he had nearly suffered multiple breakdowns since his mother's death.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Daily Telegraph Columnist Bryony Gordon speaks about interviewing Prince Harry. WATCH ABOVE:
It was by far the most frank interview of Harry's life and gives the public a much fuller view of Harry and the inner turmoil he suffered growing up in the public eye after losing his mother.
He told the newspaper he "shut down all his emotions" for nearly 20 years and had been "very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions."
He describes a long, painful process of refusing to face his sense of loss that only came to an end when he was in his late 20s and sought professional counseling to cope with the pressures and unhappiness.
"My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help?" he said of his teens and 20s, a period in which he embarked on a successful military career but also occasionally attracted unwanted headlines, notably for being photographed playing "strip billiards" in Las Vegas.
In the interview, Harry said he had at times felt "on the verge of punching someone" and had taken up boxing as an outlet for the aggression he felt.
He said the long suppression of his grief eventually led to "two years of total chaos."
He said he was pretending that life was great until he started counseling and faced his problems head on.
"All of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with," he said.
Along with his brother Prince William and sister-in-law the Duchess of Cambridge, Harry has worked with a charity that promotes mental health. They have argued that mental health problems must be given the same priority as other illnesses and should be spoken about openly and without stigma.
Harry has also worked extensively with wounded veterans and has organized the Invictus Games to foster international sporting competition for injured or ill service personnel and veterans.
Harry told interviewer Bryony Gordon, who has written extensively about her own struggles with depression and other issues, that he is in a "good place" now, and praised William for helping him seek help after many years of suffering in silence.
He credited counseling with helping him recover.
"I've now been able to take my work seriously, been able to take my private life seriously as well, and been able to put blood, sweat and tears into the things that really make a difference and things that I think will make a difference to everybody else," he said.
Harry has also formed a romantic relationship with American actress Meghan Markle and in November took the unusual step of chastising the press for harassing her.
Harry and William have both been wary of press coverage, in part because of the way photographers shadowed their mother's every move.
DHAKA, Bangladesh — Shakib Al Hasan has been reinstated as Bangladesh's test captain to replace Mushfiqur Rahim for next month's series against Sri Lanka.
The Bangladesh Cricket Board announced the decision after a weekend board meeting, with president Nazmul Hassan saying it was designed to allow Mushfiqur "to focus on his batting and remain pressure-free."
Mushfiqur was under serious pressure in the last series when South Africa swept Bangladesh in all three formats in October, including two lopsided defeats in the test matches.
It was a turbulent year for Bangladesh in the longest format as it lost seven of the nine test matches it played against New Zealand, India, Sri Lanka, Australia and South Africa, although it did produce its first ever test win against Australia.
Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC) said a meeting revealed in the House Intelligence Committee memo released Friday shows that the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee likely knew about the dossier, despite their denials.
The memo revealed that the law firm representing the Clinton campaign and the DNC, Perkins Coie, hosted “at least one” meeting in Washington, D.C. in 2016 with dossier author Christopher Steele, Fusion GPS, and media outlets, in which the dossier's research was discussed.
According to Meadows, Perkins Coie could likely not have hosted the meeting without getting its client's permission — in this case, the Clinton campaign and the DNC — due to attorney-client privilege. Attorney-client privilege would give the Clinton campaign and the DNC control over what Perkins Coie could share with other parties — especially the media.
“I can't imagine that a law firm would set that up and bring in the media without knowledge of some individual within the DNC or the Hillary Clinton campaign directing them to do so, because it would break an attorney-client privilege to bring in the media and allow that to be exposed without that happening,” Meadows said during a conference call with reporters about the memo on Friday.
“So that meeting, along with a $12 million payment that has been reported would indicate that having no knowledge of a dossier would be a very difficult thing to believe,” he added.
The Clinton campaign paid Perkins Coie $5.6 million from June 2015, and the DNC paid Fusion GPS $3.65 million beginning in November 2015, according to the Washington Post. Obama for America also paid Fusion GPS $972,000 since April 2016, according to The Federalist.
At first, Perkins Coie tried to deny it had anything to do with the dossier, according to New York Times reporters Maggie Haberman and Kenneth Vogel.
Folks involved in funding this lied about it, and with sanctimony, for a year https://t.co/vXKRV1wRJc — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) October 24, 2017
It was not until Fusion GPS's bank was threatened with a House Intelligence Committee subpoena to disclose its financial records that Perkins Coie acknowledged hiring the firm, itself citing attorney-client privilege in releasing that information.
Even after that, Clinton, her top campaign and DNC officials denied knowing they were paying for the dossier. Former Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told CNN that he was unaware that the Clinton campaign was paying Fusion GPS.
“I didn't know that we were paying the contractor that created that document,” Mook told CNN on November 3, 2017.
Former Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta also told Senate Intelligence Committee investigators last year that he did not know they were paying for the dossier, according to CNN.
Former DNC Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) also denied knowing about paying for the dossier, according to CNN.
Donna Brazile, who took over for Wasserman Schultz, also denied knowing anything about, telling ABC's The View that she had asked about it, but was told she did not need to know anything about it. She did not reveal whom she had asked.
Garda officers have renewed an appeal to locate Cameron Reilly's mobile phone, which they believe may hold vital information as to what happened on the night the teenager was murdered.
At a media briefing in Dunleer on Wednesday afternoon, Drogheda Superintendent Andrew Watters, who is leading the investigation, released an image of the phone cover in a bid to help in their efforts.
"A significant amount of enquiries has been carried out," he said. “Cameron died as a result of injuries to his neck area and a comprehensive forensic examination of the scene is still ongoing.
The Superintendent also urged young people who may have information pertaining to the murder to come forward and not to fear repercussions for minor offences.
"People in the vicinity last Friday night and Saturday morning may have consumed alcohol and drugs. But I just want to make it clear to some of those people, maybe to encourage them to come forward and speak to us. That is not the primary concern of this investigation." The Gardai, he said, are happy to meet and treat people confidentially.
Cameron's phone, an Apple iPhone 8 Plus, has been missing since his body was discovered by a walker early on Saturday morning last.
The phone cover is black, with bright green trim (below). Watters believes finding the phone is "key" to investigations into the 18-year-olds murder.
Cameron's Apple iPhone 8 Plus cover, which Gardai are seeking to trace
Cameron's body was found on land on the Ardee Road. A post mortem revealed he was the victim of strangulation.
Erroneous newspaper reports on Tuesday suggested that Cameron's phone had been located, but this is not the case. Watters confirmed to today that phone was not Cameron's and belonged to someone unrelated to the case.
Gardai believe the phone will reveal who Cameron was in contact with early on Saturday morning before the teenager was killed.
Investigators are following a line of inquiry that Cameron may have been involved in an altercation with another youth in the centre of the small Mid-Louth town on Friday night/Saturday morning. They also believe a number of youths have been present as he was killed.
Gardai are continuing to ask home and business owners in Dunleer to check their property including wheelie bins and waste skips in their search for the phone.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Drogheda Garda Station on 041-9874200, the Garda Confidential Line at 1800 666 111 or any Garda Station.
IN the absence of staff accommodation, two house-mistresses of the Mafi Kumase Senior High Technical School in the Central Tongu District of the Volta Region have taken shelter in the ironing rooms of the female dormitory blocks.
Another teacher, a male, is also said to occupy a cubicle of the boys' dormitory block.
These came to light when the Ghanaian Times visited the campus yesterday.
The headmaster, Mr Courage Meteku said that the situation was inimical to teaching and learning in the school.
He said that the school which was established 34 years ago had a students' population of 1,090, out which about 600 were boarders, with staff strength of 70.
However, only the headmaster has decent accommodation on campus.
“The other staff members commute between distant locations and the school daily,” said Mr Meteku.
According to him, some teachers left their houses at dawn for school and returned home at about 10pm.
The headmaster appealed to government, corporate bodies and individuals to come to the aid of the school.
Meanwhile, Madam Isabella Ernestina Obeng and Madam Mavis Kwasi-He, the house-mistresses of Kolly and John-Ku houses told the Ghanaian Times that they felt insecure living in the ironing rooms of the dormitories.
Furthermore, they said that they had no privacy as there was constant noise from the students and that made the planning of lessons and the marking of exercises difficult.
FROM ALBERTO MARIO NORETTI, MAFI-KUMASE
× Investigators work through new evidence to find Vegas gunman's motive
A week ago the “Welcome to Las Vegas” sign might've symbolized “good times” ahead! Now, just below it, sits a memorial representing the 59 victims who lost their lives Sunday night.
The FBI has spent the past week figuring out what led Stephen Paddock to shoot into a crowd of thousands at a music festival from his Mandalay Bay suite. Investigators are also wondering if “others” were in the room during his stay.
According to reports, they allegedly found a mobile phone charger in the room that doesn't match any of Paddock's cell phones.
Another key piece of evidence investigators find “boggling” is that during a time in which Paddock's car left the hotel garage, one of his key cards was used to get into his suite.
Over the last couple of months Paddock reportedly booked rooms overlooking other festivals.
This list includes Lollapalooza in Chicago and the Life is Beautiful show near the Vegas strip, both attracting several thousand spectators every year.
But whatever stopped Paddock before, apparently didn't this time around.
Officials have obtained several dozens weapons, 1600 rounds of ammo, and materials to make bombs from his home, hotel and car.
They also pulled in Paddock's girlfriend for questioning when she came back from her trip to the Philippines. She allegedly told authorities she worried about his “mental stability.”
With the FBI working around the clock and residents in mourning, what happened in Vegas will stay with the whole country for a long time.
View larger $16.00 $5.58 - Select Qty - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
7 in stock
Ornament SKU: 180320-71079-1
UPC: 763795350056
Weight: 1.02 lbs
Condition: New
Product Types: Products | Toys & Figures
Genres: Adventure | Animation | Car Films | Comedy | Family | Fantasy | Sequels | Sport
Studio: Walt Disney Pictures
Original U.S. Release: June 16, 2017
Rating: G
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
In Cars 3, Lightning McQueen sets out to prove to a new generation of racers that he's still the best race car on earth. This beautiful tree ornament from Hallmark lets's fan relive this classic Disney Pixar animated film.
Features
Ribbon hanger included
Package doubles as display piece
Specifications
Material: Polyresin
Size: 3 x 1.5 in
Cast: Armie Hammer | Bonnie Hunt | Chris Cooper | Cristela Alonzo | Darrell Waltrip | Isiah Whitlock Jr. | Kerry Washington | Nathan Fillion | Owen Wilson | Tony Shalhoub
Directors: Brian Fee
Project Name: Cars 3
Related Items
Categories
Adventure | Animation | Car Films | Comedy | Family | Fantasy | Sequels | Sport | Toys & Figures | Walt Disney Pictures
In a major step toward making a quantum computer using everyday materials, a team led by researchers at Princeton University has constructed a key piece of silicon hardware capable of controlling quantum behavior between two electrons with extremely high precision. The study was published Dec. 7 in the journal Science.
The team constructed a gate that controls interactions between the electrons in a way that allows them to act as the quantum bits of information, or qubits, necessary for quantum computing. The demonstration of this nearly error-free, two-qubit gate is an important early step in building a more complex quantum computing device from silicon, the same material used in conventional computers and smartphones.
"We knew we needed to get this experiment to work if silicon-based technology was going to have a future in terms of scaling up and building a quantum computer," said Jason Petta, a professor of physics at Princeton University. "The creation of this high-fidelity two-qubit gate opens the door to larger scale experiments."
Silicon-based devices are likely to be less expensive and easier to manufacture than other technologies for achieving a quantum computer. Although other research groups and companies have announced quantum devices containing 50 or more qubits, those systems require exotic materials such as superconductors or charged atoms held in place by lasers.
Quantum computers can solve problems that are inaccessible with conventional computers. The devices may be able to factor extremely large numbers or find the optimal solutions for complex problems. They could also help researchers understand the physical properties of extremely small particles such as atoms and molecules, leading to advances in areas such as materials science and drug discovery.
Building a quantum computer requires researchers to create qubits and couple them to each other with high fidelity. Silicon-based quantum devices use a quantum property of electrons called "spin" to encode information. The spin can point either up or down in a manner analogous to the north and south poles of a magnet. In contrast, conventional computers work by manipulating the electron's negative charge.
Achieving a high-performance, spin-based quantum device has been hampered by the fragility of spin states -- they readily flip from up to down or vice versa unless they can be isolated in a very pure environment. By building the silicon quantum devices in Princeton's Quantum Device Nanofabrication Laboratory, the researchers were able to keep the spins coherent -- that is, in their quantum states -- for relatively long periods of time.
To construct the two-qubit gate, the researchers layered tiny aluminum wires onto a highly ordered silicon crystal. The wires deliver voltages that trap two single electrons, separated by an energy barrier, in a well-like structure called a double quantum dot.
By temporarily lowering the energy barrier, the researchers allow the electrons to share quantum information, creating a special quantum state called entanglement. These trapped and entangled electrons are now ready for use as qubits, which are like conventional computer bits but with superpowers: while a conventional bit can represent a zero or a 1, each qubit can be simultaneously a zero and a 1, greatly expanding the number of possible permutations that can be compared instantaneously.
"The challenge is that it's very difficult to build artificial structures small enough to trap and control single electrons without destroying their long storage times," said David Zajac, a graduate student in physics at Princeton and first-author on the study. "This is the first demonstration of entanglement between two electron spins in silicon, a material known for providing one of the cleanest environments for electron spin states."
The researchers demonstrated that they can use the first qubit to control the second qubit, signifying that the structure functioned as a controlled NOT (CNOT) gate, which is the quantum version of a commonly used computer circuit component. The researchers control the behavior of the first qubit by applying a magnetic field. The gate produces a result based on the state of the first qubit: If the first spin is pointed up, then the second qubit's spin will flip, but if the first spin is down, the second one will not flip.
"The gate is basically saying it is only going to do something to one particle if the other particle is in a certain configuration," Petta said. "What happens to one particle depends on the other particle."
The researchers showed that they can maintain the electron spins in their quantum states with a fidelity exceeding 99 percent and that the gate works reliably to flip the spin of the second qubit about 75 percent of the time. The technology has the potential to scale to more qubits with even lower error rates, according to the researchers.
"This work stands out in a worldwide race to demonstrate the CNOT gate, a fundamental building block for quantum computation, in silicon-based qubits," said HongWen Jiang, a professor of physics and astronomy at the University of California-Los Angeles. "The error rate for the two-qubit operation is unambiguously benchmarked. It is particularly impressive that this extraordinarily difficult experiment, which requires a sophisticated device fabrication and an exquisite control of quantum states, is done in a university lab consisting of only a few researchers."
###
Additional researchers at Princeton are graduate student Felix Borjans and associate research scholar Anthony Sigillito. The team included input on the theory aspects of the work by Jacob Taylor, a professor at the Joint Quantum Institute and Joint Center for Quantum Information and Computer Science at the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the University of Maryland, and Maximilian Russ and Guido Burkard at the University of Konstanz in Germany.
Research was sponsored by U.S. Army Research Office grant W911NF-15-1-0149, the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation's EPiQS Initiative through grant GBMF4535, and National Science Foundation grant DMR-1409556. Devices were fabricated in the Princeton University Quantum Device Nanofabrication Laboratory.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK CITY -- A female German shepherd named Rumor won the Best in Show award at the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show at Madison Square Garden in New York City Tuesday night.
"Unbelievable," said handler and co-owner Kent Boyles.
Rumor was the nation's No. 1 dog last year but fell short to California Journey.
But this year, Best in Show Judge Thomas H. Bradley from Watertown, New York, saw something special in her.
"The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility. Sometimes unrecognizable. When you recognize it, it hits you home, and that's what it really is. She is just magnificent."
Earlier Tuesday, Boyles said this would be Rumor's last major show. "She's going to be relaxing for a while, and we'll find an appropriate husband for her. There will be some puppies in the future," Boyles said after the win.
Rumor is named for singer Adele's hit song "Rumor Has It."
The German shepherd was one of seven dogs to advance to the Best in Show competition.
The 5-year-old won the herding group category -- becoming the second dog from that group to ever win. It was the 39th time that a female has won the top prize.
Sea Breeze, a male Irish setter known as Adrian, won Reserve Best in Show, second place.
The seven group winners from Westminster
Best Hound: Daggarwood Delight, a female Norwegian elkhound known as Duffy
Best Toy: Pequest Pickwick, a male pekingese known as Chuckie
Best Non-sporting: Danfour Avalon As If, a female miniature poodle known as Aftin
Best Herding: Rumor Has It V Kenlyn, a female German shepherd known as Rumor
Best Sporting: Sea Breeze, a male Irish setter known as Adrian
Best Working: Speak Of The Devil, a female boxer known as Devlin
Best Terrier: Twice As Nice, a male Norwich terrier known as Tanner
April 13 Feature Integration Technology Inc :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$0.6 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Co will use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$0.4 per share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ZMvuw5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The US administration has given international shipping lines until November to wrap up all operations in Iran, following Washington's withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, also known as the Iran nuclear deal.
Global shipping operators, including Denmark's Maersk Line and Swiss-based Mediterranean Shipping Co., have already started to pull back from Iran's market despite the fact that sanctions against the Islamic Republic will be re-imposed by Washington in a few months, according to The Wall Street Journal.
The newspaper cited Soren Skou, chief executive of Maersk Line and parent company A.P. Moller-Maersk A/S, as saying that the anti-Iranian sanctions would ride roughshod over the whole of the shipping industry.
READ MORE: EU Attempt to Invest in Iran Amid Sanctions Impossible for Energy Giants — Total
"I don't think any shipping line that operates globally will be able to do business in Iran if the sanctions arrive in full force, the way they are intended," Skou pointed out.
The sanctions, which will specifically stipulate removing Iran from the service map for crude carriers, will also deal a heavy blow to the world's tanker operators given that the Islamic Republic currently accounts for 5 percent of global output.
Earlier, the Trump administration said that global shipping operators are due to end all their operations in Iran before the end of October.
READ MORE: Iran May Start Work With Medium-Sized EU Firms Amid US Sanctions — Official
The statement came after US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo threatened to slap the "strongest sanctions in history" on Iran, which he claimed would make Tehran battle to "keep its economy alive."
In early May, President Donald Trump announced the US's exit from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), also known as the Iran nuclear deal, which he said would be followed by the-re-imposition of anti-Iranian sanctions scrapped after the signing of the JCPOA.
In April, Iran exported a record 2.6 million barrels of crude oil per day, with the majority of the fuel going to China, Japan, India and South Korea.
If you're not near a radio in Las Vegas, tune into X107.5 using the Radio.com app on your phone!
It's all about New Music in THE BEATDOWN weeknights at 9PM on X107.5. We play the NEW songs back-to-back and then YOU get to vote. Winner moves on to the next night against another NEW song with hopes of winning 10 nights in a row & entering The Beatdown Hall Of Fame… Losers (that have NOT won the Championship) hope for another shot during the Redemption Weekend, which starts NEXT Friday 2/24!
TONIGHT is a 3-WAY: Champion Night Riots “Breaking Free” (4 wins) vs Challenger Billy Talent “Afraid Of Heights” (Redemption Weekend Winner)
WINNER: TBD BY YOU! (returning Wednesday 9PM vs Less Than Jake “Bomb Drop” vs Magic Bronson “Nervous”)
***VOTING RULES!!! Voting begins at 9PM PT, the same time the songs are played & the polls will remain opened until 10AM PT. The Beatdown winner will be revealed the following day. Use the poll below to vote as many times as it will let you. If the poll stops you from repeat voting, wait 2 hours, hit REFRESH & continue voting… You can also call 702-791-1075 between 9PM – 10PM to voice your opinion!***
THE BEATDOWN 2017 HOF INDUCTEES: Thorcraft Cobra “Caught In Between” (All HOFers are entered into the end of the year Championship Tournament)
A MAN has been rushed to Fiona Stanley Hospital in a serious condition after he lost control of his motorcycle and hit a fence in Munster.
The accident happened at around 7.45pm at the intersection of Beeliar Drive and Stock Road.
Police are investigating the cause of the accident.
US World Cup ratings down 42 per cent without American team
While the immigration debate occupies politicians, the World Cup shows how much people from other countries help make up the fabric of New York.
A comprehensive study using genetics and anatomy revealed that what was once considered a single species may be a complex with at least 7 different species
In a recent study published in Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society, a team of Brazilian researchers discovered six new species of silky anteater, a mammal that lives in tropical rain forests of the Amazon region and Central America.
The new study combines genetic and anatomical data to review the classification of silky anteaters. Led by former Dr. Flávia Miranda, the team of researchers analyzed 33 samples of DNA and examined more than 280 specimens of this rare mammal in museums worldwide. The researchers discovered that what was formerly considered a single species Cyclopes didactylus is actually much more diverse genetically than previously thought. Cyclopes didactylus is in fact comprised of at least seven different species.
Besides Cyclopes didactylus, the common silky anteater, from the northern South America and northeastern Brazil, researchers revalidated three species from previous studies: Ida's silky anteater (Cyclopes ida), from the north of the Amazon River and left margin of the Negro River; Central American silky anteater (Cyclopes dorsalis), from Central America and Pacific coast of northern South America; and the Yungus silky anteater (Cyclopes catellus), from the Yungas of Bolivia.
Additionally, three other species were described as new, including Thomas' silky anteater (Cyclopes thomasi), in honor of Oldfield Thomas, a British naturalist who contributed to the knowledge about silky anteaters in the past. The two other new species are the Xingu silky anteater (Cyclopes xinguensis), from the Xingu River in Brazil, and the red silky anteater (Cyclopes rufus), from Rondonia, also in Brazil, and with a fiery red coloration.
Silky anteaters are small nocturnal animals that live in the canopy of trees in tropical rain forest. They are some of the least studied anteaters.
"We spent many months during 19 expeditions along South America over 10 years, searching for the little anteater," said Miranda. Intensive museum and laboratory efforts were also fundamental for the discovery.
"Four years ago we described a new tapir species from Brazilian Amazon, and now we have six new species of silky anteater. There are probably many more new species waiting for description in museums and in the wild, and they may be extinct before we have the chance to know them," said Fabrício Santos, geneticist and one of the co-authors of the study.
These new species were just discovered, but their conservation status is already uncertain.
"Although silky anteaters in general are still widespread in the Amazon region, many of the new species may be under heavy pressure from deforestation, mining, and agriculture, among other threats", said Miranda, who is also head of the conservation NGO Projeto Tamandua, which is focused on conservation efforts for anteaters, sloths, and armadillos.
###
The paper "Taxonomic review of the genus Cyclopes Gray, 1821 (Xenarthra: Pilosa), with the revalidation and description of new species" will be available at: https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1093/ zoolinnean/ zlx079
Direct correspondence to:
Flávia Miranda
NGO Projeto Tamandua
Laboratório de Biodiversidade e Evolução Molecular, Departamento de Biologia Geral, Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais
Av. Antônio Carlos, 6627, 31270-901 Belo Horizonte, MG, BRAZIL
flavia@tamandua.org
To request a copy of the study, please contact:
Daniel Luzer
daniel.luzer@oup.com
Sharing on social media? Find Oxford Journals online at @OxfordJournals
KIM Kardashian has called her family on TV to tell them that her surrogate is pregnant with her baby.
The latest episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians showed Kim picking a surrogate to have a third baby for her and husband Kanye West.
Kim was shown anxiously waiting while the unnamed woman tried to get pregnant, with her sister Khloe revealing that Kim's stress was worse because she had previously tried and failed to get pregnant with an embryo herself.
She first called Khloe, excitedly telling her: “We're having a baby! A girl.”
Mum Kris Jenner was then shown wiping away tears on the call, telling her daughter: “I'm just so happy for you.”
Camera Icon “We're having a baby!” Kim Kardashian was shown calling her family members to break the news that a surrogate was pregnant with her baby. Picture: E! Network. Picture: Supplied
Kourtney then told her: “No way! How exciting — we're going to have baby number seven!”
Kim opened up about the highs and lows of her journey to baby number three, calling it a “different process” than her first two pregnancies.
“It is frustrating like to not be able to do it on your own,” she said.
I go to all the doctor's appointments and I try to be really present, but when you're not carrying it yourself it is such a fine balance of how much you're going to be in their lives”.
Camera Icon Kim Kardashian was shown in white pyjamas as she sat in bed. Picture: E! Network. Picture: Supplied
The 37-year-old star has also admitted she is very thankful to the surrogate mother.
“I'm seriously so grateful for her and that someone is just so like selfless and kind to do this. And I definitely want to keep it private.
“I don't want people to find my surrogate. Like I don't want them to harass her. Like she doesn't know how to handle stuff like that, this isn't her world.”
While the name of Kim and Kanye's surrogate has been kept under wraps, she is thought to be married and is the mother of two young boys, reports Metro.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The international community has recently been disturbed by signs of Beijing tightening its grip over Hong Kong after two democratically elected lawmakers who advocate the city's independence from China were ousted from Hong Kong's legislature for making anti-Beijing statements in their oaths of office.
Four democratically elected lawmakers are at risk of being unseated for the same offenses.
On Sunday, the director of China's liaison office in Hong Kong, Zhang Xiaoming, said in an interview with state broadcaster CCTV that Beijing will not tolerate attempts to use Hong Kong as a base for rebellion.
"Hong Kong should never allow anyone to do any forms of activities that are harmful to China's sovereignty and security, to challenge the powers of the central government and the authority of the HKSAR Basic Law, or to take advantage of the HKSAR to engage in infiltrative and subversive activities to sabotage the social and political stability of the Chinese mainland," Zhang said.
"These are the three bottom lines."
© AP Photo/ Vincent Yu Thousands in Hong Kong Launch 2017 by Protesting Ouster of Elected Lawmakers
Britain returned Hong Kong back to China in 1997 under the "one country, two systems" deal which guaranteed the territory's semi-autonomous status. So far, the city has been enjoying a separate political and legal system from the mainland, but there is a widespread concern over Beijing exceeding its authority that has ignited a new pro-democracy movement and led to demonstrations in the city.
Meanwhile, Zhang emphasized that the 'One Country, Two Systems' policy has been successfully implemented, that this success was "universally acknowledged" and leaves no space for separatist mindset.
MIAMI COUNTY, Ind. – Authorities seized orange ecstasy pills shaped like President Trump's head during a large drug bust in Indiana, police announced Friday.
Indiana State Police said 129 people were arrested over the course of the operation, which was dubbed “Blue Anvil.”
Nine different departments in north central Indiana teamed up for six days to make the arrests, targeting drug trafficking on Indiana highways.
“This is the eighth straight year we have organized summer driving season kickoff patrols,” said Indiana State Police Sergeant Dan Prus, who organized and oversaw the patrols. “Summer is a peak travel time with an increased volume of people traveling thought-out Indiana.
The ecstasy pills depicting the president's face were orange and had the phrase “great again” written on the back.
In addition to the ecstasy, officers found cocaine, heroin, LSD, methamphetamine, marijuana, psilocybin mushrooms, MDMA, prescription medication and numerous drugs that have yet to be identified, according to WXIN.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. --- Each night, dramatic aerial battles are waged above our heads, complete with barrel rolls, razor-sharp turns, sonar jamming, cloaking devices and life-or-death consequences.
But the opponents aren't tricked-out fighter jets. They're bats and moths, adversaries locked in a 60-million-year-old duel marked by stealth and deception.
Previous work by University of Florida and Boise State University researchers showed that some silk moths in the family Saturniidae have a built-in bat decoy: hindwings with long, elaborate "tails" that deflect sonar, creating a misleading target. As bats swoop in for the kill, they often strike these expendable tails and not the moth's vital body core.
Now, a new study by the team, published today in Science Advances, illuminates the bat-driven evolution of these decoys across the silk moth family tree and tests four hindwing shapes in real-time dogfights between bats and moths. The verdict? The larger the hindwings and longer the tails, the better the moths' chances of escaping bats on the hunt.
"Once we knew that the tails of silk moths deflect echoes away from their body, we were interested in whether there were optimal anti-predator shapes," said study co-author Akito Kawahara, associate curator at the Florida Museum of Natural History's McGuire Center for Lepidoptera and Biodiversity at UF. "One of the first things we did was go into the collections and look at specimens. There was a ton of variation in hindwing length, shape, color and twisting. We wanted to analyze these characteristics in an evolutionary framework to see what was happening."
Kawahara and his postdoctoral researcher Chris Hamilton, one of the study's co-lead authors, quantified hindwing shape in silk moths, mapping the evolution of this trait across a detailed family tree. Instead of gradual increases in hindwing length and complexity, they noted abrupt shifts in shape, showing that certain wing shapes might be significantly more effective at deflecting bats than others. Four classes of shapes were linked with moths' ability to escape bat attack: two types of extra-long tails, short tails and long lobes.
These shapes have appeared multiple times in silk moths globally, and nearly identical shapes often showed up in moths that were not close relatives.
"We see moths moving toward peaks of optimal shapes with unrelated moths evolving in similar ways," Kawahara said. "This speaks to bats' selective pressure on their prey."
After identifying these major hindwing shapes, the team test-drove them against the judges best qualified to rate their efficacy: real bats.
After modifying the hindwings of three types of silk moths - polyphemus moths, luna moths and African moon moths - to match these shapes, researchers in study co-author Jesse Barber's lab at Boise State pit them against big brown bats in a flight room with high-speed cameras and ultrasonic microphones.
Silk moths might be delicately built, but stacked against bats, they are hardly sitting ducks. With wingspans of more than 5 inches, their large size puts pressure on their predators to aim well. Bats and moths also have impressive flight capabilities, said Juliette Rubin, the study's lead author.
"Bats are incredibly acrobatic and very skilled hunters, but moths are also powerful flyers and have an incredible turn radius," said Rubin, who completed the research as a Boise State master's student. "They seem to be pretty well-matched adversaries."
Unaltered polyphemus moths escaped bats only 27 percent of the time in the flight room. But enlarging their lobed hindwings to match the size of two different tribes of silk moths upped their escape rate to 56 percent.
African moon moths, which have long tails, performed much better with their tails than without. Unaltered moon moths evaded bats 73 percent of the time, but this dropped to 45 percent with shorter tails and 34 percent with none. Luna moths, another tailed species, followed a similar trend.
Bats only eat a moth's body, not its wings, and they need to attack its core to be certain of success. Long tails are likely creating the illusion of multiple targets, confusing bats and tricking them into striking at tails, Rubin said. Because moth flight depends on their forewings, a rear attack often enables them to skirt away safely, even if they lose part of their hindwings in the process.
Rubin said a bat's typical attack behavior can include closing its wings around a moth or extending a wing to scoop a moth into its mouth. But when trying to strike moths with longer tails, "they'd reach out for the tail ends, and the moths would escape almost every time."
The power of these sensory illusions as evolutionary drivers is often underappreciated, she said.
"Prey might evolve in ways that exploit weaknesses in the armor of their predators' perception," Rubin said. "We think this is happening across different systems, not just in moths."
Could bats figure out a way to bypass silk moths' defense tactic? Rubin is skeptical. Even after facing the same types of hindwing shapes for months, bats did not improve their ability to discern a juicy moth body from a useless decoy.
"If these tail traits are altering or manipulating the information bats are receiving as they try to assess where the moth is and where to attack, that could be a hard strategy for bats to get around," she said.
###
Other co-authors include Chris McClure from Boise State and the Peregrine Fund and Brad Chadwell from the Idaho College of Osteopathic Medicine.
The National Science Foundation, the National Geographic Society and Sigma Xi provided funding for the research, with postdoctoral support from the Florida Museum and graduate research support from Boise State University.
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police are looking for a suspect after a man was shot in the parking lot of a plaza in Dartmouth Monday afternoon.
Police responded to 114 Woodlawn Road around 3:23 p.m.
Police say a man in his 20s was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Investigators were on scene for several hours Monday. They seemed to be focusing their investigation on a white Jetta, which appeared to have bullet holes in its front tire.
Police say they don't believe the shooting was a random act, as the victim and suspect are known to each other.
Investigators are still trying to identify and locate the suspect.
The Minister for Education's announced new measures to reduce the cost of going to school.
Under the plans schools will be obliged to place greater emphasis on reducing the financial burden placed on parents.
They include banning the use of workbooks which cannot be reused and using generic uniforms.
Back to school costs in 2016 were almost €1000 for parents of kids going to primary school and almost €1,500 for parents of secondary school kids.
However Barnardos' Fergus Finlay says the measures don't go far enough:
The possibility of a thriving industrial hemp market in Hawaii is slowly starting to take root.
Beginning in June, the state will begin issuing licenses for its first-ever industrial hemp research and cultivation program, providing research to farmers across Hawaii.
Three people, including Big Island resident Gail Byrne Baber, have already applied for the Department of Agriculture's pilot program.
"We're going to be looking at what it takes to grow a crop successfully," Byrne Baber said. "What are the inputs? What are the costs? What are the potential markets?"
Some believe that this first step into the hemp industry could prove lucrative for the state.
"The potential here in Hawaii is just enormous when you look at 25,000 different products ... made from this miracle plant," said state Sen. Mike Gabbard (D-Kapolei, Makakilo, Ewa).
The state will initially provide licensed growers with imported hemp seeds for a fiber-grain varietal. A cannabidiol varietal that can be used to produce CBD oil — a trendy health product — is expected to be available this fall.
"I think CBD hemp oil, if you just look at what the demands are in the marketplace, it's very lucrative," said Byrne Baber. "I think it would be a smart component of any farm plan, but we want to prove the fiber opportunities (and) the seed opportunities as well."
Industrial hemp and marijuana are not the same, although they are members of the same plant species. Gabbard says the difference between the two has caused some confusion even among his own colleagues.
"So I explained to them the THC content," Gabbard said. "(Industrial hemp) has 0.3 percent versus 10 to 30 percent in marijuana, you cannot get high on hemp."
Growers are allowed to sell the hemp they grow as part of the program, but will be required to submit reports on planting, harvesting and the movement of the products.
Routine testing for THC and pesticides will also be mandatory.
"It's going to help our farmers," Gabbard said. "It's going to help our economy."
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
The second girl mowed down in a fatal hit-and-run collision on New Year's Eve has died, police said.
Zaneta Krokova, 11, was holding the hand of her 12-year-old cousin Helina Kotlarova when they were hit by a blue Peugeot 807 in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
The girls had just come out of a shop near their homes when they were struck in Ashton Road at around 7.15pm.
Greater Manchester Police said that Miss Krokova died on Monday morning.
Her older cousin was killed at the scene.
Four men aged 59, 48, 38 and 18 were arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and are in custody for questioning.
A fifth man, 23, was released with no further action being taken and is assisting police with their inquiries.
The car which hit the girls has since been found abandoned on Honeywell Lane, police said.
The older girl's mother Sylva and father Robert raced to the scene but she was declared dead by medics as her distraught mother stroked her hair.
On New Year's Day, the family of seven sisters and one brother, who came to England from the Czech Republic eight years ago, sat in tears mourning the 12-year-old.
Her father sat with his head in his hands, his wife weeping, while other red-eyed members of the family sat in silence in the kitchen of their terraced home.
Helina's sister Sylva, 19, told how the family rushed to the scene 100 yards from their home seconds after the crash.
She said: "Her face was all bloody. She did not breathe. Mum was touching her hair."
Miss Kotlarova said the girls were with a larger group of family and friends who had already crossed the road, one of the main routes in and out of Oldham town centre, and the larger group was waiting on the opposite pavement.
The two cousins then started to cross the road outside the shop.
Miss Kotlarova said: "But as they came to the other side of the road the car ran them over. They were holding hands."
Seconds later friends ran to Helina's home to alert the family.
Miss Kotlarova added: "We ran there. I went to her. Her face was all bloody. She did not breathe. Then the ambulance came."
She said Helina attended the Collective Spirit free school in Oldham and enjoyed dancing and music and wanted to become a singer.
Sergeant Lee Westhead said: "This is a heart-breaking incident which has now taken the lives of two young girls and all of our thoughts remain with their families, who are understandably devastated.
"We have made significant progress with our investigation since the collision happened and I would like to thank everyone who has contacted police with information so far."
Officers are appealing for anyone who saw a dark coloured Peugeot 807 in the area at the time and the driver of a white van to come forward.
Sergeant Westhead added: "As you can see in the images, the vehicle is dark blue, people carrier shaped and is in poor physical condition and notably has pre-existing damage to its rear window.
"Did you see this vehicle on Saturday 31 December in the hours before or after the collision?
"Finally, I am also keen to speak to the occupants of a white Citroen Despatch van that I am also releasing an image of. This vehicle did not collide with anyone but was in the immediate vicinity of the collision and may have key information.
"Again if you saw this vehicle or have any information about its occupants or why it was in the area at the time of the collision, please contact us."
Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 4741, quoting incident number 1691 of 31/12/16, or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
Two new biomarkers for a type of cancer in children called neuroblastoma have been identified in a study published in the journal Cancer Cell. The findings are expected to have immediate significance for disease prognosis, and eventually also for treatment.
"There is a need for new methods of treatment for high-risk patients, and that's where our research can lead to truly great benefits," says Chandrasekhar Kanduri, professor of medical biochemistry and cell biology at Sahlgrenska Academy, Sweden.
Neuroblastoma is the most common form of childhood cancer of the peripheral nervous system, the part of the system that is not the brain or spinal cord. The disease can occur in the chest, neck, abdomen and adrenal glands and also spread to the spinal column. Symptoms may be general aches, anemia and skeletal pains.
When the disease is detected, the children are 17 months old on average and rarely over five years old. Milder variants of neuroblastoma may heal on their own in some cases, while the aggressive cases are the most deadly form of childhood cancer. Treatment is successful in less than half of these cases.
Identification of high risk patients is crucial, and this is where the new findings come in. With the support of patient data from Sweden (59 cases) and Germany (498 cases), researchers have identified two new types of RNA molecules that control the stability of tumor proteins and that, along with an already known RNA molecule, form a trio that can indicate how serious the condition of an individual patient is.
What can be measured, immediately after a diagnosis is made, is the strength of the three RNA molecules' gene expression. With a stronger expression, there is less scope for a particular tumor-inducing protein to stabilize itself, and vice versa.
This also has to do with a tug of war between the identified RNA molecules (6p22 lncRNAs) and the specific protein (USP36) in which a reading of relative strength can contribute to a better disease prognosis. Researchers believe this points to a near-term application in health care.
Eventually epigenetic drugs, which alter gene expression, may also play an important role in treatment of the disease.
"Epigenetic drugs activate the RNA molecules in question and thereby forestall the tumor, and in this way it will be possible to go in and treat high-risk patients," Chandrasekhar Kanduri says. "Our findings pave the way for development of drugs in the field, and we have close collaboration with clinical researchers in both Sweden and Germany."
###
NEW YORK A slowdown in U.S. business loan growth reflects a hangover from the energy sector contraction of 2015 and 2016 rather than a fall in investment demand, analysts at Goldman Sachs said in a note on Wednesday.
The sharp deceleration in Commercial & Industrial (C&I) lending has caused concern among some market watchers. Such lending tends to correlate to the market, although it lags equities, according to official data analyzed by Thomson Reuters.
Goldman said that explanations for a slowdown, such as a step-down in investment demand or a sudden tightening in credit conditions "seem at odds with recent growth and financial indicators, including a strong start to the year for corporate debt issuance."
"An alternative explanation is that C&I bank loans represent yet another casualty of the energy sector contraction of 2015 and 2016," Goldman economists including Jan Hatzius wrote.
After rising consistently from its low point in 2010, C&I loan growth stalled in late 2016 and has fallen in 11 of the last 17 weeks, Federal Reserve data shows. Since hitting a record of more than $2.1 trillion in November, total C&I loans outstanding have fallen about 0.7 percent to $2.09 trillion as of mid-March.
John Williams, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco told reporters in New York on Wednesday: "It's early days on the data but I don't see it as worrisome for a number of reasons."
"I talk to a lot of people both on the lending and the borrowing sides and I've not heard any accounts that it's somehow harder to get credit, or that the demand for credit has slowed a lot," Williams said.
Goldman said that in late 2015, debt markets seized up as oil prices fell into the mid $40 range. Many firms lacked access to capital markets and their ability to generate cash was impaired by lower commodity prices. They turned to pre-existing credit facilities, accelerating C&I lending.
"Following a brief acceleration in C&I lending in early 2016, bank loan growth waned in late 2016 and early 2017 once capital markets reopened and banks renegotiated and restructured credit lines," Goldman wrote.
The bank said that "the credit line payback story is the most likely explanation of the current C&I loan shortfall, which we peg at roughly $100 billion."
(Reporting by Megan Davies and Jonathan Spicer, Additional reporting by Dan Burns; Editing by Alistair Bell)
SAN DIEGO - Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) prescriptions in New York City increased by nearly 1,000 percent in two years, but men of color, women and patients outside the city center were less likely to be prescribed the HIV prevention medication. Taken daily, PrEP is more than 90 percent effective in reducing the risk of HIV infection and is recommended for everyone at very high risk, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
A number of recent education campaigns and trials have demonstrated PrEP is effective, but many medical students and healthcare providers nationwide remain unaware of PrEP or are unsure of its benefits. These are among the findings on the status of PrEP use and awareness being presented at IDWeek 2017.
"Fewer than 10 percent of people who would benefit from PrEP are taking it," said Brandon Imp, MD, an internal medicine/preventive medicine resident at Kaiser Permanente San Francisco and lead author of a study on PrEP awareness among medical students. "We believe education works, but we need to do a better job throughout the country to inform future doctors as well as health providers who are on the front lines of care about the benefits of PrEP."
CDC guidelines published in 2014 recommend PrEP (emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate) for HIV-negative people at high risk of HIV, including: those who are in a relationship with an HIV-infected partner; gay or bisexual men who have sex without a condom or have been diagnosed with a sexually transmitted infection within the past six months; heterosexual men or women who do not always use condoms when having sex with partners at high risk for HIV; and those who inject illicit drugs. CDC recommends PrEP be used in combination with other preventative measures, including condoms.
Huge Increase in NYC PrEP Prescriptions
The prescription of PrEP rose 976 percent between 2014 and 2016, according to an analysis of electronic health records from 602 New York City medical practices, undertaken by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene.
The increase was noted after the CDC released PrEP guidelines in 2014 and as clinical trials and demonstration projects confirmed it is effective. Additionally, a variety of campaigns to educate healthcare providers about PrEP and its benefits were launched in New York City during that time. For example, the department launched a campaign in 2014 to reach out to primary care and infectious disease practices to provide them resources about PrEP, visiting more than 2,500 providers at more than 1,000 clinics throughout the city. PrEP messages were included in another campaign to encourage city residents to know their HIV status and community partner organizations have launched their own outreach efforts, say the researchers.
When analyzing the records, researchers found PrEP prescriptions were more likely to be written for younger, white, male patients and at Manhattan-based practices, community health centers and practices with onsite infectious diseases specialists. In other words, men of color, women, people getting healthcare at smaller private practices or those outside the city center were less likely to be prescribed PrEP.
"These results show that educating healthcare providers can really help improve the rate of PrEP prescribing, but it's apparent we need additional programs to ensure equitable access," said Paul Salcuni, MPH, lead author of the study and lead data analyst for prevention, Bureau of HIV/AIDS Prevention and Control at the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, Long Island City. To address the disparities, the department is planning new campaigns, including one focusing on women's health providers.
Many Medical Students Unaware of PrEP
Many medical schools aren't educating their students about PrEP and its benefits, suggests a survey of 1,588 medical students at 18 U.S. medical schools. According to the extensive survey about knowledge, beliefs and experiences, more than one in four (28 percent) medical students are unaware of PrEP and 18 percent of students in their last year of medical school were never taught about the HIV prevention regimen. Further, 57 percent believed behavioral intervention should be tried before prescribing PrEP, 45 percent believed patients would not adhere to it and 22 percent didn't think it was effective.
Studies have shown PrEP is far more effective at preventing HIV than behavioral intervention, and that while adherence is a concern for all medications, that should not deter physicians from prescribing the regimen.
"Medical students are not being taught about PrEP as they should and therefore are unaware of it, or have inaccurate beliefs about its value," said Dr. Imp, lead author of the study. "That is concerning because they are the next generation of physicians who will provide care to patients and help stem the spread of the disease. These results demonstrate the need to incorporate PrEP education into the medical school curriculum."
Doctors Often Uncomfortable Prescribing PrEP
Medical students are not the only ones who are unaware of the benefits of PrEP suggests a study of healthcare providers at one Boston hospital. According to a survey of 80 providers, including doctors (55 percent), physician assistants (20 percent), registered nurses (9 percent), medical students (8 percent) and medical assistants, research coordinators and physician assistant students (8 percent), about one-third overall had never heard of PrEP. Additionally, 32 percent of doctors said they were uncomfortable prescribing it, according to the Tufts University School of Medicine survey.
"PrEP has been widely publicized in the medical literature and media, so we were surprised at the low level of awareness of its benefits," said Rapeephan Maude, MD, MSc, lead author of the study, now an infectious disease physician at Mahachai Hospital, Thailand. "Doctors often said they were uncomfortable asking their patients about risk behaviors. We think this is a major reason why some people at high risk of HIV infection are not identified."
Some doctors said they preferred to refer patients to HIV and infectious diseases specialists, she said. While specialists have deeper knowledge about PrEP and are trained to ask about risk factors, referring patients may lead to a missed opportunity to start PrEP as early as possible. Additionally, some patients may not follow up with a specialist, or have greater trust in their primary care doctor.
"We are confident these numbers will improve as more providers receive information on PrEP," said Dr. Maude. "Encouraging providers to work collaboratively with infectious diseases specialists would increase their comfort in identifying high-risk patients and prescribing PrEP."
Emergency Medicine Physicians Overlooked in PrEP Education Efforts
Emergency medicine physicians are generally aware of PrEP, but most aren't familiar with the CDC guidelines and many are uncomfortable discussing PrEP due to lack of awareness about its recommendations, according to a study at Washington University in St. Louis.
The study included survey results of 67 emergency room physicians who were asked about their knowledge of PrEP, including the CDC prescribing guidelines and concerns about use. Overall, 79 percent were aware of PrEP, but only 24 percent were knowledgeable about the guidelines. Additionally, 57 percent were not comfortable discussing PrEP with patients, 54 percent had concerns about whether it was effective, 90 percent worried about side effects and 70 percent feared it would promote HIV resistance. Large studies have addressed these concerns, noting that it is effective and does not promote HIV resistance. Additionally, PrEP's side effects should be discussed with patients, but benefits outweigh those issues in most cases, researchers note.
"The low levels of awareness of PrEP's benefits among this group are likely due to the fact that education and outreach efforts focus on HIV and infectious diseases specialists and primary care physicians," said Brett Tortelli, BA, lead author of the study and an MD/PhD student at Washington University. "While emergency physicians are unlikely to prescribe PrEP because it requires continued care, they can play an important role in identifying at-risk patients - many of whom have little interaction with the healthcare system otherwise - and connect them to care."
Researchers asked the physicians for their preferred method of PrEP education, and determined a variety of methods would be necessary, including educating them on the guidelines, providing existing research that would allay their concerns about PrEP and offering community resources they can use to refer patients for care.
###
In addition to Salcuni, co-authors of the NYC PrEP prescribing study are Jenny Smoken, MPH, Sachin Jain, MD, Julie Myers, MD, MPH and Zoe Edelstein, PhD, MS.
In addition to Dr. Imp, co-authors of the medical student awareness study are Elaine Allen, PhD, Rory Aufderheide, BA, Marc Berenson, BA, Tanaya Bhowmick, MD. Binbin Chen, BS, Jaclyn Chesner, BA, Renzo Corzano, PhD, Zachary Friske, MBA, Justin Genziano, MD, Joseph Grogg, BS, Michael Hernandez, BS, Kelly Holz, BA, Brynne Latterell, MD, MPH, Ajay Major, MD, MBA, Henal Motiwala, BS, Cody Mullens, BS, Steven Omansky, BS, Ezra Shapiro, BS, Alexandria Tran, BS and Jonathan Volk, MD, MPH.
In addition to Dr. Maude, co-authors of the Tufts study are Gretchen Volpe, MD, MPH and David Stone, MD.
In addition to Tortelli, co-authors of the Washington University study are Douglas Char, MD, William Powderly, MD and Rupa Patel, MD.
About IDWeek
Lebanese demonstrators march with a model of the Dome of the Rock, along with their national flags and Palestinian flags as well as the yellow banners of the Shiite movement Hizbollah during a protest in the capital Beirut on Monday against the US president's controversial recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital (AFP photo)
BRUSSELS — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took his case to Europe to ask allies to join the United States in recognising occupied Jerusalem as Israel's capital, but was met by a firm rebuff from EU foreign ministers, who saw the move as a blow against the peace process.
Making his first ever visit to EU headquarters in Brussels, Netanyahu said President Donald Trump's move made peace in the Middle East possible "because recognising reality is the substance of peace, the foundation of peace".
Trump announced last Wednesday that the United States would recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital, breaking with decades of US policy and international consensus that the ancient city's status must be decided in Israeli-Palestinian talks.
Israel, which annexed east Jerusalem after capturing it in a 1967 war, considers the entire city to be its capital. Palestinians want east Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.
The Trump administration says it remains committed to the peace process and its decision does not affect Jerusalem's future borders or status. It says any credible future peace deal will place the Israeli capital in Jerusalem, and ditching old policies is needed to revive a peace process frozen since 2014.
But even Israel's closest European allies have rejected that logic and say recognising Israel's capital unilaterally risks inflaming violence and further wrecking the chance for peace.
After a breakfast meeting between Netanyahu and EU foreign ministers, Sweden's top diplomat said no European at the closed-door meeting had voiced support for Trump's decision, and no country was likely to follow the United States in announcing plans to move its embassy.
“I have a hard time seeing that any other country would do that and I don't think any other EU country will do it,” Margot Wallstrom told reporters.
Several EU foreign ministers arriving at the meeting reiterated the bloc's position that lands Israel has occupied since the 1967 war — including east Jerusalem as well as the West Bank and Golan Heights, are not within Israel's borders.
Israel's position does appear to have more support from some EU states than others. Last week, the Czech foreign ministry said it would begin considering moving the Czech embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, while Hungary blocked a planned EU statement condemning the US move.
But Prague later said it accepted Israel's sovereignty only over West Jerusalem, and Budapest said its long-term position seeking a two-state solution in the Middle East had not changed.
On Monday, Czech Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek said of Trump's decision: “I'm afraid it can't help us.”
“I'm convinced that it is impossible to ease tension with a unilateral solution,” Zaoralek said. “We are talking about an Israeli state but at the same time we have to speak about a Palestinian state.”
Violence subsides
Trump's announcement triggered days of protests across the Muslim world and clashes between Palestinians and Israeli security forces in the West Bank, Gaza and east Jerusalem in which scores of Palestinians were wounded and several killed. By Monday morning, violence appeared to have subsided.
Netanyahu, who has been angered by the EU's search for closer business ties with Iran, said Europeans should emulate Trump's move and press the Palestinians to do so too.
“It's time that the Palestinians recognise Israel and also recognise the fact that it has a capital. It's called Jerusalem,” he said.
In comments filmed later on his plane, he said he had told the Europeans to “stop pampering the Palestinians”. “I think the Palestinians need a reality check. You have to stop cutting them slack. That's the only way to move forward towards peace.”
Trump's announcement last week has triggered a war of words between Netanyahu and Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, straining ties between the two US allies which were restored only last year after a six year breach that followed the Israeli storming of a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza.
On Sunday, Erdoğan called Israel a “terror state”. Netanyahu responded by saying he would accept no moral lectures from Erdoğan who he accused of bombing Kurdish villages, jailing opponents and supporting terrorists.
On Monday Erdoğan took aim directly at Washington over Trump's move: “The ones who made Jerusalem a dungeon for Muslims and members of other religions will never be able to clean the blood from their hands,” he said in a speech in Ankara. “With their decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the United States has become a partner in this bloodshed.”
The decision to recognise Jerusalem could also strain Washington's ties with its other main Muslim ally in the Middle East, Saudi Arabia, which has sought closer relations with Washington under Trump than under his predecessor Barack Obama.
Saudi Arabia shares US and Israeli concerns about the increasing regional influence of Iran, and was seen as a potential broker for a comprehensive Arab-Israeli peace deal. But Saudis have suggested that unilateral decisions over Jerusalem make any such rapprochement more difficult.
The Trump administration says it is working on a peace proposal being drawn up by the Middle East envoy Jason Greenblatt and Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner.
European leaders say the decision on Israel's capital makes the need for a broader peace move more urgent.
“We've been waiting already for several months for the American initiative, and if one is not forthcoming then the European Union will have to take the initiative,” French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said.
GSHS Visual Arts Students Advance To States
The following GSHS Visual Arts students had work selected to be judged at the State level for the Superintendent's Art exhibit. GSHS had the most entries selected this year from the High School level 7. Pictured: Luke Ball, Addison Bullard, Chandler Wells, Lauren Baisch, Jaylee Dempsey, Dior Brown and Jeremey Koonce.
RENTON, Wash. – Pete Carroll said what started as a legitimate chance to get the ball back for one last possession Sunday quickly turned into something that was “wrong.”
Carroll said a series of increasingly ugly incidents at the end of the Seattle Seahawks' 30-24 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars began when defensive end Michael Bennett tried to time the snap to strip the ball and force a turnover.
“What Mike was doing was, he was trying to swipe the ball when it was getting snapped,” Carroll said. “That's something he's tried before. That's why he was way down there on the ground like that, because he was trying to time it up and hit it. Trying to force a fumble to get the ball back.
“So, he winds up under a whole pile of stuff, and the stuff that happened after that was wrong. He was trying to get the ball, but after that, it got messy.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Carroll said he told Bennett not to try that move anymore.
The situation quickly escalated, and Bennett, teammate Sheldon Richardson and Jacksonville running back Leonard Fournett were penalized, with Richardson being ejected as well.
"Everybody's remorseful," Carroll said. "We don't want to play like that, we don't want to look like that. Ever."
On the next play, Seahawks defensive end Quinton Jefferson was also penalized and ejected. Things only got uglier from there, as a group of Jaguars fans threw objects from the stands at Jefferson, and Jefferson was restrained as he tried to go in the stands to retaliate.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
“That was wrong,” Carroll said. “Wrong. He was wrong. I've talked to him about it. Professional athletes – people can say whatever they want to say. That's kind of just what comes along with it. You have to be able to deal with it professionally, and he lost it. He feels terrible about it. It's not the kind of kid he is. He just, emotionally got overrun and he lost it. Fortunately people restrained him and all that.
“It's a tremendous learning opportunity for him and the other young guys.”
The NFL reportedly decided Monday that nobody would be suspended.
The Jaguars issued a statement Monday, saying they've found that four people who threw five objects including plastic cups with ice and liquid, a bag of popcorn and a plastic bottle onto the field. The team said once they identify the people, they will have their season tickets revoked if they're season-ticket holders, and will be banned from future games.
As for Bennett's attempted strip, Carroll said somebody told the Seahawks a few years ago about the move, claiming they'd seen it work. Carroll said he's never seen a successful attempt, but defended the initial attempt as a fair try that went badly.
“You still have a chance to win,” he said. “You still have a chance for the ball to come back to us, and there are things that happen. Herm Edwards is famous for it. It can happen. So, to just let it go – you're not competing. We're always trying to figure out a way to find a way to win the thing, so there's still opportunities.
“… So, we have to think about if you can get it done. It should've been a pretty benign attempt, but it just didn't wind up like that.”
SEA EAGLES v COWBOYS: Teams have been named for the Round 11 clash between Manly and North Queensland.
Final teams will be confirmed an hour before kick-off.
SEA EAGLES v COWBOYS
7.50pm Thursday at Lottoland
SEA EAGLES
1 Matthew Wright
2 Jorge Taufua
3 Moses Suli
4 Brian Kelly
5 Akuila Uate
6 Trent Hodkinson
7 Daly Cherry-Evans (c)
8 Addin Fonua-Blake
9 Apisai Koroisau
10 Martin Taupau
11 Joel Thompson
12 Frank Winterstein
13 Shaun Lane
Interchange:
14 Bradley Parker
15 Jack Gosiewski
16 Lloyd Perrett
17 Toafofoa Sipley
18 Thomas Wright
19 Lewis Brown
Players cut: To come
Late Mail: To come
COWBOYS
1 Lachlan Coote
2 Kyle Feldt
3 Justin O'Neill
4 Enari Tuala
5 Antonio Winterstein
6 Te Maire Martin
7 Johnathan Thurston (c)
10 Scott Bolton
9 Jake Granville
11 Shaun Fensom
12 Ethan Lowe
13 Jason Taumalolo
14 Ben Hampton
Interchange:
15 Sam Hoare
16 Corey Jensen
17 Francis Molo
18 Kane Linnett
20 Mitchell Dunn
21 Javid Bowen
Players cut: To come
Late Mail: To come
OWEN Wright has made a tentative competition return to the site of a horrific wipeout two years ago with a loss in his opening heat at the Billabong Pipe Masters.
Wright must now surf his way out of the elimination second round of the famous Hawaiian event to keep alive his hopes of a second World Tour win this season.
In December, 2015, Wright was preparing for the Pipe Masters when he was smashed and held under in massive conditions, sustaining a concussion and serious head injuries.
INJURY RETURN: Wright back to scene of scare
Camera Icon Title hopeful Julian Wilson lost his opening round at the Billabong Pipe Masters. Pic: World Surf League Picture: Supplied
For the next year Wright was sidelined as he recovered from the injury.
He returned to the competitive arena in March to win the opening event of the World Tour, the Quiksilver Pro.
But this hot form was absent on Tuesday as he finished third (3.37) in his opening heat as fellow Australian Josh Kerr (12.17) barrelled his way to victory.
The Pipe Masters is Kerr's final World Tour event.
Also joining Wright in the sudden-death second round is best mate Matt Wilkinson and world championship tour hopeful Julian Wilson, along with Jack Freestone, Bede Durbidge and Stuart Kennedy.
By Logan Peterson
petersonlo@mnstate.edu
MSUM students are turning their attention to who is preparing them for their careers.
In recent decades, the number of adjunct faculty at universities has risen dramatically. According to an article on Forbes by Dan Edmonds, almost 75 percent of American professors are “contingent faculty,” or non-tenured—an increase of around 45 percentage points from 1975.
The reasons may vary, from costs to availability, but MSUM isn't following the country's trend. The university has 152 part-time instructors out of a total 370 faculty members. This is well below the national average of 51 percent.
One advantage is that adjunct faculty typically worked in the fields they teach before coming to MSUM, which makes their experience more current than professors who spent years in a masters or doctorate program.
“Adjuncts teach a minimum of three credits a semester,” MSUM adjunct professor Hayden Goethe said. He explained that most adjuncts teach based on their experience in their field, while full-time and tenured professorships require a master's degree.
Students seem to appreciate the concrete understanding of their field. Jazz studies major Antonio Johnson said his adjunct jazz professor, Max Finke, was very helpful.
“I don't think he was great because he went through any program,” Johnson said. “(He's great because) he plays jazz all the time and has a lot of practical experience.”
Music isn't the only field this applies to.
“I think professors with real-world experience can be helpful,” student Maria Jensen said. “With subjects like design and photography, these types of professors can be a big help. I don't think it works as well with subjects like math and science.”
Goethe agreed, explaining that in some fields, rapid updates make adjuncts' experiences more valuable.
“With the classes I teach, the programs change every year,” Goethe said. “It's important to learn from someone who works with these programs in the field.”
Goethe said his classes are very hands-on; he does his best to replicate the feel of an apprenticeship, which most students will be doing after they graduate.
Goethe became interested in teaching after his time at the Forum.
“I used to work with college students at the Forum—college students who were motivated and just wanted to get their foot in the door,” Goethe said. “This felt like a natural transition.”
However, not everyone shares this rosy view of adjunct faculty.
“Using adjunct professors sacrifices a lot of organization,” MSUM graduate Timothy Walker said.
Walker's main complaint was their lack of training and knowledge of the school's inner workings. He cited instances of miscommunication, unprepared lesson plans and misunderstandings of school policy.
These issues are definitely possible, if not inevitable across a large number of classes. Even students with a positive view of adjuncts have some critiques.
“Teaching just isn't their number one priority,” said senior MaKayla McLain-Graning. She has had several adjunct professors while at MSUM. “They're mostly focused on their other jobs or seeking another degree.”
Students may love or loathe their adjunct faculty; some can connect with their unique teaching styles and practical experience, while others prefer a more traditional route.
Either way, the half-and-half blend of adjunct and tenured professors provides a mix of experiences and viewpoints for students to learn from.
Share this: Tweet
About The Author
Abe Asher lives in beautiful Portland, Oregon. He fell in love with the intensity, stakes, and unrivaled spirit of football during the 2006 World Cup. Abe supports and covers the Portland Timbers locally, the USMNT nationally, and the American game and national team football at large for World Soccer Talk. Abe is on Twitter @abe_asher.
× Poll: Marijuana safer than opioids, but moms shouldn't use
DENVER — Americans think it's safer to use marijuana than opioids to relieve pain, but they were less comfortable with children and pregnant women using pot to treat medical conditions, according to a new Yahoo/Marist poll released Monday.
Two-thirds of the respondents in the telephone survey said opioid drugs such as Vicodin or OxyContin are “riskier” to use than pot, even when the pain pills are prescribed by a doctor.
Only one in five said marijuana was riskier than opioids. The rest weren't sure.
Every day, an overdose of prescription opioids or heroin kills 91 people, and legions more are brought back from the brink of death. Some 2 million Americans are thought to be hooked on the pills.
Last month, President Donald J. Trump appointed an opioid commission to look into the problem.
Marijuana by itself is not fatal. Doctors technically don't prescribe it for pain or other purposes but most states that allow medical marijuana do require patients to get a doctor's written recommendation to purchase it to treat their conditions.
Among those answering the Yahoo/Marist poll, 83 percent said the drug should be legal nationally for medical treatment.
But 70 percent said it is not acceptable for pregnant women to use marijuana to reduce nausea or pain. And the survey respondents were about evenly divided on whether marijuana should be recommended for children if it were legal.
The survey respondents were deeply divided on how Trump should approach pot: 38 percent said he shouldn't be as tough about enforcing federal laws against recreational pot use as President Barack Obama, whose policy generally was to leave states alone.
Another 30 percent said Trump should take a harder line than Obama, while the rest weren't sure or said Trump should treat it about the same as Obama did.
Trump's administration has sent mixed messages to the 28 states and Washington, D.C., in violation of federal drug law when it comes to pot.
Trump said as a candidate that states should be allowed to tinker with marijuana laws. But new U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said marijuana is dangerous and marijuana changes by states should not be allowed.
There has been no action yet by the U.S. Justice Department or any other federal agencies to crack down on states violating the Controlled Substances Act, which bans pot for any use.
The Yahoo/Marist telephone poll of 1,122 adults was conducted last month and had a margin of error of plus or minus 2.9 percentage points.
A NEW YORK woman was caught on camera going on a racist rant — spewing off the N-word at passengers on a local bus.
“I hope you all got your motherf**king papers,” the unidentified woman yells to Transport of Rockland passengers on Saturday, according to video that rider Zoe Mac posted on Facebook, the NY Post has reported.
“I'm sick of you motherf**kers! You got papers to be in this country?” she says, standing toward the back of the bus and holding on to a pole.
Mr Mac said he was heading home from work when the belligerent passenger unleashed her tirade on him and others.
“Ignorance at its finest … racism never died and this is what people like me and who can relate go through…,” he captioned the video.
In another clip of the verbal assault, the unhinged woman yells, “F**k you and your n****r f**king people!”
Camera Icon A woman unleashes a tirade of racist invective on a suburban New York bus. Picture: Supplied, YouTube
And in yet a different video, the combative commuter tells someone to “go back to your f** king country.”
As the target of her tirade asks her to please stop, she gets up again and says: “First of all, in this country, we have what's called the First Amendment right,” before becoming enraged when she notices Mr Mac filming her and proceeds to knock his phone out of his hand.
“Stop! Stop! Do not hit anybody!” the other passengers yell, as a slap can be heard off camera.
Someone else pleads with an unidentified person to “grab your mother, that is your mother, please grab her,” before a man can be seen dragging her back to her seat.
“More footage of me being discriminated on, she even did it to the bus driver,” Mr Mac wrote in the caption.
Another passenger, Vladimir Philidore, said the woman became unglued for no apparent reason and confirmed that she directed her ire at the bus driver first, before turning on the passengers.
Camera Icon The woman defended her rant under the First Amendment, which protects freedom of speech. Picture: Supplied, YouTube
“She's just going at the mouth, with the racial slurs. The N-words,” Mr Philidore told Westchester's News12.
“Some people were scared, especially the elderly people,” he added to PIX11.
The bus driver called the authorities and the local police arrested the woman.
Police, who did not release the woman's name because she was only charged with violations, said they also had to deal with her earlier in the day for the same type of vile conduct, according to the Mount Pleasant Daily Voice.
“Yesterday some unhinged racist went on a mini-rampage of sorts on Transport of Rockland bus as it was passing through Orangetown, creating a disturbance by physically and verbally attacking passengers and the bus driver,” wrote Orangetown town Supervisor Chris Day in Facebook post.
Camera Icon When she realised that she was being filmed, the woman got up and slapped the phone out of the passenger's hand. Picture: Supplied, YouTube
“Her behaviour is forever enshrined on the internet among the great idiots of our time,” he added.
“I hope she learns a lesson in appropriate behaviour and tolerance from the experience as she is recognised on the street as ‘crazy racist lady from the bus' for the next several years of her life.”
This article was first published in the NY Post and is republished with permission.
While a couple of glasses of wine can help clear the mind after a busy day, new research shows that it may actually help clean the mind as well. The new study, which appears in the journal Scientific Reports, shows that low levels of alcohol consumption tamp down inflammation and helps the brain clear away toxins, including those associated with Alzheimer's disease.
"Prolonged intake of excessive amounts of ethanol is known to have adverse effects on the central nervous system," said Maiken Nedergaard, M.D., D.M.Sc., co-director of the Center for Translational Neuromedicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center (URMC) and lead author of the study. "However, in this study we have shown for the first time that low doses of alcohol are potentially beneficial to brain health, namely it improves the brain's ability to remove waste."
The finding adds to a growing body of research that point to the health benefits of low doses of alcohol. While excessive consumption of alcohol is a well-documented health hazard, many studies have linked lower levels of drinking with a reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases as well as a number of cancers.
Nedergaard's research focuses on the glymphatic system, the brain's unique cleaning process that was first described by Nedergaard and her colleagues in 2012. They showed how cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) is pumped into brain tissue and flushes away waste, including the proteins beta amyloid and tau that are associated with Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia. Subsequent research has shown that the glymphatic system is more active while we sleep, can be damaged by stroke and trauma, and improves with exercise.
The new study, which was conducted in mice, looked at the impact of both acute and chronic alcohol exposure. When they studied the brains of animals exposed to high levels of alcohol over a long period of time, the researchers observed high levels of a molecular marker for inflammation, particularly in cells called astrocytes which are key regulators of the glymphatic system. They also noted impairment of the animal's cognitive abilities and motor skills.
Animals that were exposed to low levels of alcohol consumption, analogous to approximately 2 ½ drinks per day, actually showed less inflammation in the brain and their glymphatic system was more efficient in moving CSF through the brain and removing waste, compared to control mice who were not exposed to alcohol. The low dose animals' performance in the cognitive and motor tests was identical to the controls.
"The data on the effects of alcohol on the glymphatic system seemingly matches the J-shaped model relating to the dose effects of alcohol on general health and mortality, whereby low doses of alcohol are beneficial, while excessive consumption is detrimental to overall health" said Nedergaard. "Studies have shown that low-to-moderate alcohol intake is associated with a lesser risk of dementia, while heavy drinking for many years confers an increased risk of cognitive decline. This study may help explain why this occurs. Specifically, low doses of alcohol appear to improve overall brain health."
###
Additional co-authors include Iben Lundgaard, Wei Wang, Allison Eberhardt, Hanna Vinitsky, Benjamin Reeves, Sisi Peng, Nanhong Lou, and Rashid Hussein with URMC. Nedergaard maintains research labs at both URMC and the University of Copenhagen in Denmark. The study was funding with support from the Department of Navy's Office of Naval Research, the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, and the National Institute on Aging.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) —The US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has ordered new algorithm and protocol programs to dramatically increase the performance of its dispersed computing networks, the Department of Defense said in a press release.
“Vencore Labs, doing business as Applied Communication Sciences [of] Basking Ridge, New Jersey was awarded a $103 million… contract for a research project under the Dispersed Computing (DCOMP) program,” the announcement stated on Monday.
The contract was solicited under a DARPA announcement, the release added.
“The DCOMP program will produce software instantiations of algorithms and protocol stacks that leverage pervasive, physically dispersed computing platforms to boost application and network performance by orders of magnitude,” the announcement explained.
Work on the contract will be performed in Basking Ridge in the US state of New Jersey with an expected completion date of April 2021.
Meet Ryan. He's 6 years old, likes to play with toys, and has just been listed as one of Forbes' highest-earning YouTube celebrities. Per Business Insider, the young entrepreneur, who hosts his family's Ryan ToysReview channel on the video-sharing site, helped his household bring in about $11 million in pretax income this year, simply by opening toys and other products and reviewing them online.
This monetized mastery of the “unboxing” phenomenon—what the Verge has described as “a blend of innocent childhood antics and relentless, often overwhelming consumerism”—places Ryan's channel in the No. 8 slot on the Forbes list (tied with the slapstick team Smosh), alongside other big YouTube names like brothers Jake and Logan Paul, Minecraft whiz Daniel “DanTDM” Middleton, and the controversial PewDiePie (real name: Felix Kjellberg).
What makes Ryan unusual is, obviously, his age. “He is definitely the youngest YouTube star we've ever seen,” an industry analyst told the Verge in last December's profile.
Ryan's parents posted his first video in March 2015 after the YouTube-obsessed preschooler wanted to know why he couldn't dish on toys online like other kids, per a Tubefilter interview from last year.
In July of that year, the family experienced its first viral video: Ryan opening a “giant egg surprise” with more than 100 Cars-branded toys. The channel has exploded since, now with over 10 million subscribers and more than 16 million views, per the Washington Post.
Ryan's parents told Tubefilter they mainly film on the weekends so it doesn't interfere with their son's schooling and that they pay for all of the toys Ryan reviews.
Their channel's “About” section says most of the toys they review end up going to charity. (Read about this year's must-have toy.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: He's 6 Years Old and Makes Millions on YouTube
More From Newser:
It's been a road of milestones, worries, and blessings since the Waldrop family welcomed sextuplets six months ago, and they decided to give back to say 'thank you' to everyone who has helped along the way.
Scroll for more content...
In some ways, things are the same outside the Waldrop's Albertville home since we visited last year. Inside is a whole other story.
Every kind of baby gear from bounce chairs and bottles, to changing gear and car seats, is organized across the home.
"Nine kids and six babies, it is definitely a challenge finding time for anything other than taking care of our kids," Courtney Waldrop said. "The babies sleep all through the night," her husband, Eric, added. "The good Lord knew He had to give us good sleepers or we just wouldn't survive," Courtney said with a laugh.
They've found a whole new normal. "They're the best babies, the best babies, but it is six of them," Courtney said.
Tag, Rayne, Blu, Rawlings, Layke, and Rivers, plus their brothers Saylor, and twins Bridge and Wales, keep things busy.
The couple has been together since the eighth grade. They got married in 2004, and a few years later the couple welcomed their first boy, and then the twins in 2012.
They wanted another baby. "Within one month we got pregnant but we lost that pregnancy. So we knew we would have to do fertility again," Courtney said. They were shocked when the couple found out they were expecting not one baby, but six. The doctor told them the chances of multiples was very low.
The Waldrop sextuplets are the first to be born in Alabama since 2011. The family welcomed the six new little additions in December. Since then, and even before the babies were born, people from all over the world reached out to help. "We've been very, very, blessed with a lot of love and support," Courtney said, "We wouldn't be here right now without all the love, support, and prayers."
So, the couple wants to give back. Similar to the gender reveal 5K fundraiser held last year, the Waldrops are holding an event to say 'thank you'. "It's just our way of trying to say 'thank you' to all the help we've received in our community, so we are going to do a 5K race."
All of the proceeds and donations will go to Albertville City Schools, and Real Life Pregnancy Center, which is a local organization. The 5K run, or walk, if you want, will be Sunday, July 1 in downtown Albertville at the Farmers Market. It's free to attend, and registration is $35 for the run. For groups of ten or more, the cost is $25 dollars. There will be food vendors, music, and a free t-shirt for the first 300 runners. Registration and festivities start at 6:30 p.m., a chance to meet the babies starts at 7:30, 8:00 kicks off the race, and fireworks are at 9:00. Donations are welcome.
For the Waldrops, it's all a way to give back. "To think where we were a year ago and where we are now, we're just extremely blessed," Eric said, "It's been a really long journey. It's been hard at times, but it's been such a blessing."
Actually, six. "Six blessings, yeah. The Lord definitely saw us through," Courtney said.
The Waldrop family will be featured in TLC's new series Sweet Home Sextuplets, premiering this fall.
Big Island police arrested John Hubbard in connection with a shooting incident in Leilani Estates on Tuesday. (Image: Big Island Police)
Big Island police arrested a man in connection to a shooting incident in lava-ravaged Leilani Estates on Tuesday afternoon.
Around 12:21 p.m., police responded to a report of shots fired near the intersection of Kahukai and Makamae streets within Leilani Estates. The victim, a 32-year-old resident, told officers that the suspect allegedly assaulted him while he and a group of his friends were surveying the area.
Tensions have been high in the lower Puna neighborhood since earthquakes, eruptions and lava flows began in early May. Many have evacuated the area, and several have decided to stay in order to protect their belonging from thieves.
After the alleged assault on Tuesday, the suspect pointed a gun at the victim and demanded that they leave the area immediately.
The confrontation escalated when the man allegedly fired several shots from the handgun in the man's direction. No one was injured from the gunfire, but the victim did sustain non life-threatening injuries from the assault.
"They've got this live volcano in their backyard," said Talmadge Magno, with Hawaii County Civil Defense. "They feel like, they see strange people in their subdivision, whether it's people just wanted to go see lava or criminals ... and they try to protect stuff."
Earlier this month, two residents were arrested for attempting to blow past police barricades to enter the area,
"It's a hard time for those folks still in there," Magno said in response to the increasing number of stressful incidents in the Big Island neighborhood.
At around 1 p.m., officers arrested 61-year-old John Hubbard of Leilani Estates near the scene of the shooting without incident. Hubbard is currently in the Hilo cellblock while detectives continue their investigation.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
New Delhi: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today hailed the Supreme Court verdict on the power tussle between the Delhi government and the Centre as a "big victory" for the people of the city and for democracy.
The apex court today held that Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal does not have independent decision-making powers, and is bound to act on the aid and advice of the Council of Ministers.
The judgement pronounced in the court by Chief Justice Dipak Misra, who was heading a five judge Constitution bench, also held that the LG cannot act as an "obstructionist".
"A big victory for the people of Delhi...a big victory for democracy...," Kejriwal tweeted minutes after the verdict. The decision is a major victory for Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's AAP government which has been in a constant tug of war with LG Anil Baijal over the power wielded by the two branches of the executive. The Supreme Court said that except for three issues, including land and law and order, the Delhi government has the power to legislate and govern on other issues. The LG needs to work harmoniously with the Council of Ministers and an attempt should be made to settle the difference of opinion with discussions, the apex court said. The Supreme Court said that except for three issues, including land and law and order, the Delhi government has the power to legislate and govern on other issues. The LG needs to work harmoniously with the Council of Ministers and an attempt should be made to settle the difference of opinion with discussions, the apex court said.
After expecting the weather to interfere with the running at the Suzuka International Racing Course on Friday, Kimi Raikkonen revealed that his Scuderia Ferrari team made plans to counter it by running more during first practice.
The Finn finished fourth fastest in the morning session, 0.472 seconds behind team-mate Sebastian Vettel, and having completed twenty-two laps, Raikkonen felt it was a positive session to have, especially as the forecasted rain arrived and restricted him to just one installation lap.
Raikkonen felt there was little point to venture on track when the conditions were treacherous on Friday afternoon, as they have limited tyres to use and further rain is forecasted for later in the weekend.
“Today we were expecting to have difficult conditions in the afternoon, so we focused on the morning session,” said Raikkonen. “We did a little bit more running and generally, we worked on our programme like every other Friday. Overall it was not bad and the feeling was ok.
“In the afternoon we did not even try to learn anything; we are limited on tyres and we have to save the full wet compound in case qualifying is run in wet conditions. It's a pity because we did not do a lot of laps, but at least we have got some ideas.
“As for tomorrow, let's wait and see what happens in the morning and then through the day. Whatever it will be, we are going to do our best.”
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
You're sitting in the living room.
Really enjoying the tennis on your MASSIVE new telly.
However, something is niggling you. Is the volume wrong on the TV?
"I know the surround is good but that's a weird echo. Ah, no it's nothing."
Then that feeling you're being watched returns.
You turn around:
JOHANNESBURG - Steinhoff International's share price surged by 54.7percent on the JSE yesterday morning to its highest peak in more than two months, with the industry analyst attributing the rise to the expected payment of a preference share dividend next month.
The stock climbed to R2.12 a share yesterday morning, up from Monday's closing price of R1.37 a share. It closed at R1.80 on the JSE yesterday. Ron Klipin, a senior analyst at Cratos Capital, said the payment of the preference dividend was a sign of confidence by the group.
Half-year results
Last week, Steinhoff released unaudited half-year results in which the board declared a gross dividend of 427.42cents a preference share in respect of the preference dividend, payable on July 23, to those holders of preference shares recorded in the books of the company at the close of business on July 20.
The group said that the preference dividend would be payable in the currency of South Africa and will be subject to a local dividend tax rate of 20percent.
“This will result in a net dividend of 341.93c a preference share, unless the preference shareholder is exempt from dividend tax or is entitled to a reduced rate in terms of an applicable double-tax agreement,” the group said. It said at the date of declaration that there were 15million preference shares in issue.
Klipin added that in addition to this positive aspect of preference share dividend, the debt restructure standstill into late July could give a company some breathing space to conclude potential asset sales.
“Also, there are some talks of private equity interest in acquiring a stake in Steinhoff International was a positive driver of the share price,” Klipin added.
Last month, Steinhoff announced that it had sold its Austrian loss-making subsidiary Kika/Leiner's operating companies and property holding companies to Signa Holding.
The group said the consideration for the property holding companies was based on an enterprise value of about 490million (R7.87billion), which was subject to agreed balance sheet adjustments.
The group said the sale of the operating companies was conditional upon merger clearance being received from competition authorities in Austria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia on or before September 30.
In the unaudited results for the six months to the end of March, Steinhoff reported a 6percent decline in revenue to 9.35bn, down from 9.90bn compared with last year.
Gross profit declined by 10percent to 3.65bn, from 4.07bn.
Operating loss escalated to 381m compared with the loss of 168m, while the loss attributable to ordinary shareholders was 63percent higher at 621m compared with a loss of 380m that was reported last year.
- BUSINESS REPORT
The Trans-Canada Highway will be closed in both directions tonight
The Trans-Canada Highway will be closed in both directions tonight.
DriveBC is reporting that avalanche control will be taking place from 7 to 9 p.m.
The highway will be closed in both directions from 7 km to 26km west of Revelstoke.
Yesterday I published Skylake Iris Pro Graphics benchmarks on Ubuntu, Fedora, openSUSE, Antergos, and Clear Linux using a Skull Canyon NUC. That was fun but then I decided to ring in the new year by running even more benchmarks, so if you're curious how the Debian 9 "testing" performance fits among these other distributions, here are those results.Debian Testing is currently making use of the Linux 4.8 kernel, GNOME Shell 3.22.2 as the default desktop environment, xf86-video-modesetting as the DDX over xf86-video-intel, X.Org Server 1.19.0, and Mesa 13.0.1.
I compared the current Debian Testing performance ahead of Debian 9.0 Stretch on this NUC6i7KYK with a Core i7 6770HQ processor integrating Iris Pro Graphics 580 , 32GB of DDR4 memory, and a 500GB Samsung 950 PRO NVMe SSD.For the most part Debian 9 performs right in line with the other Mesa 13-using Linux distributions.No big surprises with Debian not using any aggressive optimized defaults, etc.You can explore more of this New Year's Eve Linux benchmarking data via this OpenBenchmarking.org result file
BRITAIN'S Prince Andrew says an October 12 wedding date has been set for his younger daughter, Princess Eugenie.
Andrew, the third child of Queen Elizabeth II, announced the date overnight on his official Twitter account.
Eugenie, the 27-year-old daughter of Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, will marry Jack Brooksbank at St. George's Chapel in Windsor.
Eugenie's cousin Prince Harry and his American fiancee Meghan Markle will marry at the same chapel on May 19.
Camera Icon The Duchess of York, Sarah Ferguson and her daughter Princess Eugenie. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
Eugenie, one of the queen's granddaughters, is eighth in line to the British throne.
Her full name being Eugenie Victoria Helena, she was named after Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg and Princess Helena, Queen Victoria's granddaughter and daughter.
Camera Icon Prince Harry will marry Meghan Markle in May. Picture: Getty Images, Getty Camera Icon Prince Andrew married Sarah Ferguson, in London's Westminster Abbey, in July 1986. Picture: AP, Supplied
Princess Eugenie began studying at Newcastle University in September 2009.
She combined Art History, English Literature and Politics, finishing her degree in 2012
Camera Icon Britain's Prince Andrew and his former wife Sarah Ferguson, pose together with their daughters, Princesses Beatrice (R) and Eugenie, in 1999. The exes have remained close. Picture: News Limited, Supplied
After graduating, Eugenie moved to New York City to work for the online auction firm Paddle8 as a benefit auctions manager.
When she moved back to London in July 2015, however, she landed a job as an associate director at art gallery Hauser & Wirth.
A federal judge has postponed a hearing on whether to grant a temporary restraining order to block enforcement of a new law in Kentucky requiring expectant mothers considering abortions to first undergo ultrasounds.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Colin Lindsay rescheduled the hearing for March 23 at the request of the American Civil Liberties Union, which filed suit challenging the constitutionality of the law passed by the Kentucky General Assembly on Jan. 7. The hearing had originally been set for Feb. 16.
Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin signed the law along with a ban on late-term abortions the same day, and both took effect immediately.
The ACLU filed suit two days later on behalf of the state's only abortion provider, EMW Women's Surgical Center in Louisville, claiming the law violates First Amendment rights.
The ultrasound measure requires that abortion providers display the ultrasound images so that expectant mothers can see them. They can avert their eyes if they choose to. Physicians face a $100,000 fine for a first offense and a $250,000 fine for subsequent offenses.
Defendants in the case are Attorney General Andy Beshear, Health and Family Services Secretary Vickie Yates Brown Glisson and Michael Rodman with the Kentucky Board of Medical Licensure. The attorney general's office has filed motions asking the judge to dismiss Beshear and Rodman as defendants. Beshear's office is not representing Glisson.
The late-term abortion law, meanwhile, bans the procedures after 20 weeks of pregnancy, except in cases in which the mother's life is in danger. Physicians who violate the measure could have their medical licenses revoked and be sentenced to up to five years in prison.
Abortions at Planned Parenthood in Louisville and EMW in Lexington were suspended last year after the Bevin administration filed suit that they lacked proper state licensure. Those cases have not yet been resolved in court.
In February 2016, Bevin signed a bill amending the state's informed consent law to give women patients and doctors the option of consulting in person or by video conferencing before an abortion – the first pro-life measure enacted in Kentucky in 12 years.
Since 1998, Kentucky law had required women to meet with a doctor or a doctor-designated representative, but some physicians purportedly had been circumventing the rule by using pre-recorded phone messages. The 2016 measure requires women seeking abortions to be personally informed of medical risks and benefits at least 24 hours prior to consenting to a procedure.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Compiled by Baptist Press staff from reports by Kentucky Today and the Western Recorder. Kentucky Today, kentuckytoday.com, is a news resource of the Kentucky Baptist Convention; the Western Recorder, westernrecorder.org, is the convention's newsjournal.)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
Italy's political crisis has deepened even more after President Sergio Mattarella vetoed the appointment as finance minister Paolo Savona and gave a mandate to form a new government to ex-IMF official Carlo Cottarelli. This has led to the collapse of the coalition government assembled by the populist Five-Star Movement and the Lega party.
Sputnik talked about the government crisis in Italy with Lode Vanoost, political analyst and former deputy speaker of the Belgian parliament.
Sputnik: Let's look at the situation in Italy, President Mattarella said that appointing Paolo Savona, who has called Italy's entry into the euro a historic mistake, would've scared off foreign investors, in your view, how will the appointment of Carlo Cottarelli, a former International Monetary Fund official, help Italy's economy?
Lode Vanoost: Well there are several things that you can say, first of all, the reason why the president denied the formation of the government and this minister of economy Mr. Savona, and the reasons that were not seen as the reasons to not accept this government, apparently, for the president of Italy it's not acceptable to have a minister that is sceptical of the Eurozone construction, but it's not a problem that this government would have further demolished the social welfare state, would have made taxes for big companies even smaller than they already are, so that the state doesn't have an income anymore to pay for its services, and it was also not a problem for the president that this government is planning to build, what they call themselves, concentration camps for refugees. Apparently, those are not problems, but what is a problem is that there would be a minister who is critical, although he already accepted and even the parties involved had already accepted several concessions towards Eurozone. That they would not, for example, call for a referendum on staying in the euro or not. So what this means is you can agree with the parties that now have a majority to form a government or not, which is a totally different issue from the fact that they have been elected. I think what this means is that the European institutions say no, elections are not relevant to whatever policies is going to be installed, you can choose whoever you want, but the policies are fixed in stone and if you try to deviate even in the smallest way, then we will not accept it.
Now the thing is, of course, that these parties, who have never been in government and are quite new, they use quite strong language, for example, they say they want to impeach the president. First of all, the impeachment of a president is not something that's done just overnight, there are several procedures to follow and they already know that they do not have the preferred majority in parliament to do so, but threatened to do so and gives the Italian public the impression that they show their teeth.
The thing is, of course, you do not need to impeach the president to have new elections. If the proposed Prime Minister, Carlo Cottarelli, the former IMF person, is going to propose this at the parliament they're going to vote and then there's a certain amount of weeks, if there's no government formed, automatically there will be elections again. So it's being portrayed as though you need to impeach the president in order to have new elections, but that's not really actually necessary, it's all part of the political game, but basically what it means is that these parties that are now trying to form a government will even gain and the situation will be even worse, and probably in September there will be new elections.
For the moment what this means is, regardless of what you think of the policy that they choose, the European institutions are telling a big member-state that, no, you are not free to choose your own form of government, we decide that. And then to even name someone from the IMF, that international institution which is responsible for so much neoliberal, anti-social reforms, but what is in fact a massive shift of all the wealth of the country to the upper scales of society. What you do is, something is going wrong, and then you choose someone who is responsible for everything that went wrong to form a new government, it's almost absurd but that's reality at the moment in Italy and most of the European Union at the moment.
Sputnik: It's certainly been a hugely protracted crisis, political, constitutional. What are the main disagreements between the parties over the formation of the government in Italy? Why has it all bogged down into this mire of problems that nobody seems to be able to untangle?
Lode Vanoost: Actually to say that this crisis is a surprise, no, this was a long time coming. What you see is the collapse of everything that is on the left side of the political spectrum, or on the social-progressive side of the political spectrum. If you look at how people vote in Italy there's a total distrust of, first of all, of the old traditional parties that have always shared or had power alternatively, and a total collapse of the left side spectrum of politics in Italy, which basically means that people have a choice between putting the best and […] to choose from, and then they will, indeed, choose those who are more or less say whatever people like to hear, when everything is blamed on refugees, which is not to say that the refugee problem is something that should be denied, it is a major problem, but whether that it is the problem that is responsible for everything that's going wrong at the moment that is exactly what is going wrong. Now these parties, you should not forget, they have no stake in political stability over the traditional statesmanship. They just don't care about these things. They're new in politics, so they do not abide by, the so-called, unwritten rules of politics as it was before.
You should also not forget that politics in Italy have always been tainted by corruption and scandals over the last 40-50 years, this is not something new, of course, as long as the economy was more or less functioning, this was considered as something that could be dealt with but in certain limits, but now if this crisis goes on the whole Italian economy might collapse. This is totally unseen in European and Italian history.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
Jennifer Garner celebrated her chickens' birthday on Tuesday (07.03.18) by giving them a bug cake.
The 'Miracles from Heaven' star is a proud "chicken lady" and marked the day her clutch of birds was born with a sweet Instagram post of the proud poultry parent posing with her pets.
The photo was accompanied by the caption: "It's hard to believe a year has flown by since these ladies hatched. They grow up so quickly. #happyhatchday #bugcakeforyou #soyouthinkyoucanfarm [sic]"
Jennifer and her three kids Violet, 12, Seraphina, nine, and five-year-old Samuel - her children with her ex-husband husband Ben Affleck - are very at one with nature at their Los Angeles home.
As well as keeping chickens they also have a bee hive, grow organic fruit and vegetables and own a golden retriever dog named Birdie, the actress sometimes reads bedtime stories to.
Earlier this year, Jennifer mourned the loss of her favorite chicken, Regina George, who passed away from "natural causes" in March.
The 46-year-old Hollywood star named the bird after the 'Mean Girls' character of the same name, played by Rachel McAdams, and she loved to take her feathered friend on walks.
Announcing that Regina had gone to the big bird house in the sky on her Instagram account, Jennifer posted a video tribute to the chicken and wrote: "Please enjoy this tribute to Chicken Regina George who passed away from natural causes. #shewasourfavorite #RIP #shelivedagoodlife [sic]"
The post also featured a picture of the unfortunate chicken's grave, with a plaque which read "R.I.P. Regina George. July 9 2017 - March 20, 2018."
BERLIN A senior ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel pressed Japan on Wednesday to quickly seal a trade deal with the European Union, especially in light of protectionist signals coming from U.S. President Donald Trump.
Volker Kauder, head of Merkel's conservative parliamentary group, said he was encouraged by his talks with Japanese government and opposition officials during a visit to Tokyo.
"Talks about a free trade deal between the EU and Japan must be completed fast. In view of the isolationist policies of U.S. President Trump, the time for hesitation is gone," Kauder said in a statement after his meetings in Japan.
Trump has worried countries like Germany with talk of imposing import taxes. The Group of 20 powers even failed to agree on a commitment to keep global trade free and open at a meeting in Germany last month, due to U.S. opposition.
The White House said in a statement Trump was scheduled to speak to Merkel and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe by telephone later on Wednesday but gave no further details.
Kauder also said that Abe and opposition parties viewed the importance of securing a trade deal in the same way.
"I have the impression that the Japanese side is now trying to get a quick deal after years with no breakthrough but rather a standstill in the talks," he said, adding Abe had stressed it would send an important signal amid growing protectionism.
He said the EU and Japan should try to resolve the outstanding issues, and that meant in Japan, convincing farmers. He also warned that China was ready to try to impose its own agenda on free trade if the United States stepped away from that role.
"There is a risk that China will try to push through its ideas about free trade rules. The EU, Germany and Japan should not stand by and watch this happens but make their standards a benchmark for global trade," said Kauder.
(Additional reporting by Susan Heavey in Washington; Writing by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Alison Williams and Pritha Sarkar)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
CORK CITY WILL begin the defence of their FAI Cup crown with a trip to face renowned schoolboy club Home Farm in the first round, as all of the Premier Division clubs avoided each other in this afternoon's draw.
The other standout tie of the round sees Inchicore Athletic — one of 12 teams to come through the initial qualifying stage — host near neighbours St Patrick's Athletic.
Cork won their fourth FAI Cup in 2017. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
John Caulfield's Cork completed a memorable double by defeating Dundalk on penalties at the Aviva Stadium last November, and will begin their 2018 campaign in Dublin against Leinster Senior League opposition.
Home Farm's famed youth section has produced countless future Ireland internationals and their current senior squad will be looking to cause a major upset when the League of Ireland champions visit Whitehall next month.
Last year's runners-up Dundalk have been handed a home tie against First Division outfit Cobh Ramblers, while Drogheda United will host 24-time winners Shamrock Rovers as the Hoops set out to end their 31-drought in the competition.
A number of those non-league clubs will be eying scalps when the first round takes place over the weekend of 10/11/12 August, including Skerries Town when they welcome Waterford to the coastal town.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Russia Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Wednesday that the US can rarely separate terrorists and opposition in Syria's southern de-escalation zone.
"We have also pointed out the need for the implementation of agreements on the southern de-escalation zone, deals which were reached by the United States, Russia and Jordan on all aspects, including the continuation of the uncompromising struggle against terrorists from Islamic State and JabhatFatah al-Sham, which control about 40 percent of the southern de-escalation zone," Lavrov said after the talks.
According to Lavrov, he raised the issue of lifting unilateral sanctions against Syria at talks with his Jordanian counterpart Ayman Safadi.
"Russia has also repeatedly noted the need to remove all unilateral sanctions imposed by the Western countries against the Syrian Arab Republic, sanctions that prevent from ensuring normal economic, infrastructure conditions for return of refugees," Lavrov told a press conference after talks with Safadi.
Earlier in the day, Lavrov held negotiations with his Jordanian counterpart Ayman Safadi, who arrived in Moscow on a working visit.
In May, local media reported that Syrian government forces have been redeploying Syrian army units from Damascus and other parts of Syria to the southern front. US State Department made a statement later that it would give a decisive response to a possible Syrian army's offensive in southwestern de-escalation zone.
Time's Up is calling for an investigation into Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance for his decision not to prosecute Harvey Weinstein for allegedly sexually assaulting a past accuser.
In a statement posted to social media on Monday, the group, which aims to end workplace sexual harassment and abuse, asked New York Governor Andrew Cuomo to “launch an independent investigation” into Vance and the D.A.'s office “to determine the facts related to the decision not to prosecute Harvey Weinstein for sexual abuse crimes against one of his accusers, Ambra Battilana.”
The Manhattan D.A.'s office investigated Weinstein, 65, in 2015 after model Ambra Battilana Gutierrez told authorities that Weinstein had groped her. The N.Y.P.D. had Gutierrez wear a wire as part of a sting operation.
In October, The New Yorker released a recording of the audio picked up on Gutierrez's wire during the sting. On the recording, the mogul appears to admit to groping her and repeatedly pressures her into joining him in his hotel room where he planned to take a shower.
Despite the evidence, Vance declined to press charges. After The New Yorker published the recording, he defended the decision, saying that he did not believe prosecutors could have won the case.
Ambra Battilana Gutierrez and Harvey Weinstein GIUSEPPE CACACE/AFP/Getty; Bryan Bedder/Getty
The D.A. has also been widely criticized after he received a $10,000 donation from one of Weinstein's lawyers. Vance said he never had contact with the lawyer who made the donation and the money had no bearing on his decision. Since, he's implemented reform of his campaign donation rules.
In response to Time's Up open letter, Danny Frost, a spokesperson for the Manhattan D.A.'s office, posted a statement to Twitter saying, “The idea that our Office would shrink from the challenge of prosecuting a powerful man is belied by our daily work and unparalleled record of success on behalf of sexual assault survivors.”
Frost began the statement, “We have great admiration for Time's Up and for the courageous women and men who have brought about a long-overdue reckoning with decades of intolerable sexual abuse.”
He ended by saying, “As has been widely reported, our investigation of Mr. Weinstein is active and ongoing. It would therefore be inappropriate to comment further.”
To donate to the Time's Up Legal Defense Fund, which will provide subsidized legal support to women and men in all industries who have experienced sexual harassment, assault, or abuse in the workplace, visit its GoFundMe page. Learn more about Time's Up, an organization of women in entertainment combating sexual harassment and inequality, on its website.
According to a report by The Daily Beast in early March, the NYPD was recently “ready to go with an arrest” against Weinstein for sexual assault, but that the Manhattan District Attorney's office is holding off for now. “We are still accumulating evidence,” Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce told the New York Daily News when asked about the report.
Over 60 women have come forward to accuse the producer of sexual misconduct since The New York Times and The New Yorker alleged decades of alleged sexual harassment and assault in October.
Weinstein has admitted to making advances on actresses, but vehemently denies allegations of sexual harassment and assault. A spokesperson for the producer previously told PEOPLE in a statement that “any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein. Mr. Weinstein has further confirmed that there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing his advances.”
Shortly after congressional Republicans released the House Intelligence Committee's controversial memo, Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA), the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, blasted the document as “reckless.”
“The release of this memo by House Intelligence Committee Republicans and the White House, over the objections of the FBI and the Department of Justice, is reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth,” he said.
Warner said that the memo crafted by Republican staffers for House Intelligence Commitee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) is misleading.
“Unlike almost every House member who voted in favor of this memo's release, I have actually read the underlying documents on which the memo was based. They simply do not support its conclusions,” he said.
He also charged that the release of the memo will make it harder for the Senate committee to continue with its Russia investigation.
“This unprecedented public disclosure of classified material during an ongoing criminal investigation is dangerous to our national security. This will make it far more difficult for the Intelligence Committees to conduct meaningful, bipartisan oversight of intelligence activities in the future. This action was also taken without regard to the damage it could do to our ability to protect Americans from threats around the globe.
A community event to raise money to send a ‘bright-eyed, gorgeous little girl' to America to be treated for cerebral palsy has raised more than £2,500.
The fundraising family fun day was held in honour of Imogen Holmes, a 22-month-old toddler who is unable to walk or talk due to spastic quadriplegic cerebral palsy.
The mother of a 20-month-old toddler from Fitzwilliam, who has limited use of her arms and legs has launched a �20,000 fundraising drive to take her for specialist treatment in Panama. Imogen Holmes was diagnosed with spastic quadriplegic cerebral palsy at Pinderfields Hospital in June 2017. Imogen's mother Briony Winstanley has started a �20,000 fundraising drive to to pay for stem cell treatment for Imogen in Panama in central America. Imogen pictured with her parents Briony Winstanley and Stephen Holmes.'9th March 2018.'Picture Jonathan Gawthorpe
Her parents Briony Winstanley, 21 and Stephen Holmes, 26, of Fitzwilliam near Pontefract, want to raise £20,000 to take their daughter to Panama for treatment at the Stem Cell Institute.
Family friend Chris Doyle, 28, organised the fundraiser at The Hut community centre in Airedale, Castleford on Sunday. It raised £2,575.03.
Mr Doyle said: “When I found out Imogen's parents were trying to raise £20,000 I just knew I had to get involved and try and help.
“Briony and Stephen are both doing well and we're all busy trying to get to this £20,000 target as quickly as possible.”
Of the fundraiser, he said: “The weather was amazing, the turnout was fantastic and we smashed our £2,000 target for the day.”
He added that Imogen is “a bright-eyed, gorgeous little girl who brings joy to everyone who sees her”.
At the fundraiser there were 20 stalls selling various gifts, a raffle, face painting, sponsored armpit and leg waxing, a bouncy castle and a live auction with lots including signed Rugby League memorabilia.
Imogen is unable to speak and has only limited use of her arms and legs.
Her father Mr Holmes has previously said the treatment could make a big difference to their family life, adding: ““It could achieve her walking unaided, it could achieve her talking.
“If it means her saying a few words it would mean a lot.”
Donate to the appeal for Imogen by visiting https://uk.gofundme.com/imogens-stem-cell-treatment
Going into this year's annual meeting as president of the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC), Steve Gaines acknowledged Southern Baptists face some critical decisions in the days and months ahead.
“Obviously, we face the challenge of seeking new leaders to fill two of our most important leadership roles – the President of the International Mission Board and the CEO of the SBC Executive Committee,” he said in written comments to Baptist Press (BP).
Photo courtesy of Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center Dallas
“We must have [g]odly, Spirit-filled leaders in those positions,” Gaines said. “We all know that everything rises and falls on leadership. We need to pray that the Lord will place the exact people He wants in these two vital positions.”
Among those key leadership decisions, messengers will elect a new SBC president during the June 12-13 meeting at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center in Dallas. Gaines, who will finish his second and final one-year term, noted that the candidates who have announced their intentions to be nominated appear to be “[g]odly men” and well qualified for the post.
“J.D. Greear and Ken Hemphill are both Christ-like men who have led wonderful, evangelistic churches,” said Gaines, pastor of Memphis-area Bellevue Baptist Church in Cordova, Tenn. “Both have earned Ph.D.s and both love the Lord and the Southern Baptist Convention.”
“... I urge all Southern Baptists to pray to our sovereign God,” he noted, “and to ask Him to have His way regarding the election for all the officers in Dallas, including who will lead us as our next [p]resident.”
During the meeting, Gaines will call Southern Baptists to “pray for the Lord's manifest presence to envelop all of us,” he said, “from the first prayer on Tuesday morning to the closing prayer on Wednesday afternoon.”
The Tuesday evening session will focus on a time of prayer and worship with special guest and Christian apologist Ravi Zacharias. This year, Gaines will also urge Southern Baptists to “boldly testify of the saving work that Jesus Christ has accomplished for all of us.” This year's theme, “Testify! Go. Stand. Speak.” is based on Acts 5:20. On Wednesday, a special president's panel will be held again this year on financial stewardship.
“Pray that during our meetings we will discuss issues in a united, civil, Spirit-filled way,” Gaines urged. “Pray that when we leave Dallas, we will do so with a genuine unity of spirit and purpose – to reach lost people throughout the world with the saving [g]ospel of Jesus Christ.”
Crossover Dallas
For the second consecutive year, Crossover evangelism efforts will feature a Harvest Crusade led by California pastor Greg Laurie on June 10. Crusade organizers will work with volunteers to help local churches conduct door-to-door visitation in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. They will engage residents in gospel conversations and extend personal invitations to attend the Sunday evening event.
The North American Mission Board (NAMB), Southern Baptists of Texas Convention (SBTC), Baptist General Convention of Texas and local Baptist associations will help congregations connect with personal evangelism opportunities in the area as part of the Crossover outreach before the annual meeting. The SBTC also is offering vision tours throughout June for pastors, mission leaders and church members to consider opportunities for serving other areas of Texas as well. SBTC has developed the 1Cross app as an evangelistic tool to share the message of the gospel in multiple languages.
Seminary students also will spend a week assisting churches with home visits and personal evangelism as part of Crossover events. Last year's Crossover event evangelism emphasis and the tandem Harvest America crusade yielded more than 3,500 professions of faith.
For information, visit namb.net/crossover.
Elections
In January, Florida pastor Ken Whitten announced Greear, pastor of The Summit Church in the Raleigh-Durham, N.C., area, will be nominated for SBC president.
During the 16 years Greear has led The Summit, it has seen worship attendance grow from 610 in 2002 to just under 10,000, according to statistics available through the SBC's Annual Church Profile. Total baptisms increased from 19 in 2002 to 631 in 2017 at the church's nine campuses. The Summit has planted 248 churches to date, including 208 outside the U.S., with a goal of starting 1,000 churches in 50 years, according to North Carolina's Biblical Recorder news journal. See full story.
In February, a coalition of Southern Baptists announced via a Baptist state paper that Ken Hemphill will also be nominated for SBC president.
Hemphill was president of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary from 1994-2003 and national strategist from 2003-11 for the SBC's Empowering Kingdom Growth (EKG) emphasis, an initiative launched in 2002 calling Southern Baptists to renewed passion for God's Kingdom. In 2011, Hemphill became founding director of North Greenville University's Center for Church Planting and Revitalization, continuing EKG's emphases under the acronym CPR. He now serves the university as special assistant to the president for denominational relations. Hemphill also has pastored churches in Kentucky and Virginia and led the Home Mission Board's (now the North American Mission Board) Southern Baptist Center for Church Growth in the early 1990s. See full story.
SBC app
Annual meeting attendees once again can stay updated by using the “SBC Annual Meetings” mobile app. The app will include a listing of speakers for the SBC Pastors' Conference and SBC annual meeting as well as the daily program schedule, daily events, exhibitor listing, convention center maps, interactive map of the exhibit hall, 2018 Book of Reports and more. Download the app on your mobile device by accessing the App Store, Google Play or by visiting app.core-apps.com/sbc_am2018.
Attendees also can follow on Twitter @SBCMeeting, @BaptistPress, @SBCLife, @sbccp and @SBCPastorsConf for the latest annual meeting updates. Many social media users will employ the hashtag #sbcam18 in their posts about the annual meeting.
Other highlights
– Following the election of H.B. Charles as the first African American president of the SBC Pastors' Conference, diversity has been among the anticipated emphases at this year's conference. But Charles says diversity, while important, will be a secondary focus as pastors and their wives gather June 10-11 in Dallas.
This year's theme will be “Fulfill Your Ministry!” drawn from 2 Timothy 4:5.
Charles, pastor of Shiloh Metropolitan Baptist Church in Jacksonville, Fla., noted his main concern for this year's conference is “that these men I've invited are faithful preachers and that these are men who represent what 2 Timothy 2:15 says: that they rightly handle the Word of Truth.”
– The annual meeting will feature a “Sending Celebration” Tuesday night “providing a special time for Southern Baptists to celebrate together what God continues to do through our churches as we cooperate in God's mission,” the International Mission Board (IMB) announced. “Together, these new missionaries are answering God's call to evangelize unreached people, disciple believers, plant and multiply healthy churches, and train leaders, all for the glory of God.”
– Pastors, messengers and other attendees at the annual meeting will have multiple opportunities to learn about ways to better engage their churches with mission efforts both locally and throughout North America.
“We never stop seeking out ways to help Southern Baptists get the hope of the gospel out to North America,” said Kevin Ezell, North American Mission Board president. “Through the Send Network, our church planting network, and Send Relief compassion ministries, we hope to equip churches to reach both their communities and all of North America.”
NAMB's Send Luncheon for pastors will take place at noon Monday, June 11, in the Omni Dallas Hotel. The luncheon will include a special presentation celebrating the numerous ways pastors serve and contribute to the Kingdom and mission of God. Tickets are free but guests are required to register in advance at NAMB.net/sendluncheon.
– The Cooperative Program (CP) Stage and Platform, with its focus on the SBC's channel of financial support for missions and ministry, will again be prominently located between the booths of NAMB and IMB.
The CP Stage “provides an opportunity for messengers to the SBC annual meeting to hear firsthand reports about a variety of SBC missions and ministries, and listen in on hard-hitting and relevant panel discussions which orbit around important issues for Southern Baptists,” said Ashley Clayton, SBC Executive Committee vice president for Cooperative Program and stewardship.
Messengers are scheduled to have an opportunity to hear from SBC presidential candidates Greear and Hemphill on Monday, June 11, at the CP Stage as they share their vision for the SBC. Additionally, messengers will hear from Gaines, Ezell and many other pastors and leaders.
These interviews and panel discussions will touch on topics such as church planting, Send Relief, Send Puerto Rico, adoption, women in ministry, diversity within the SBC, racial reconciliation, unreached people groups and international missions, and other relevant topics.
Programming will run Monday through Wednesday throughout the day, beginning at 8:30 a.m. A complete interview and panel discussion schedule will be available on the SBC mobile app, in the SBC Bulletin and at talkCP.com.
– Ministers' wives attending the SBC's annual meeting in Dallas are invited to a trio of women's events, including a Ministers' Wives Luncheon, Pastors' Wives Conference and a women's expo.
Authors and speakers Lisa Harper of Nashville and Beth Moore of Houston and pastor's wife Sherri Pomeroy of Sutherland Springs, Texas, will headline this year's events to be held in the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center in Ballrooms A1-4, Level 2.
This year's theme for the women's events is “Restored,” based on Psalm 23:3, “He restores my soul; He guides me in the paths of righteousness For His name's sake.”
Tickets for the luncheon, which is open to all wives of pastors, church staff members, chaplains, missionaries and denominational workers, cost $15/person and can be purchased online at lifeway.com/en/events/ministers-wives-luncheon.
– GuideStone Financial Resources will celebrate its first century of service, and plans to maintain its founder's vision of coming alongside retired pastors and their widows in need in their declining years, which it does through Mission:Dignity.
GuideStone again will offer its Wellness Center with its one-stop biometric readings. The free screenings – valued at $150 – offer blood-based checks for cholesterol and glucose. Unlike previous years, it is not necessary to fast before these tests this year. Additionally, GuideStone staff will be available during all exhibit hall hours to meet with participants about their retirement plans or insurance coverages.
Registration
Register online at sbcannualmeeting.net/sbc18 under the Messengers/Guests tab. NOTE: messengers, exhibitors and guests need to be registered and properly badged for entrance into the general sessions June 12-13.
After completing online registration, each individual will receive an eight-digit registration code to present at the annual meeting's express registration lane. There, the registration code can be entered into a computer and a nametag will be printed.
Resolutions
Messengers planning to propose resolutions must submit them no later than 15 days prior to the annual meeting. Detailed guidelines on submitting resolutions are available at sbcannualmeeting.net/sbc18 under the Messengers/Guests tab. Resolutions may be submitted online but must be followed up by a letter of credentials from the submitter's church.
Children & students
Registration opened Feb. 1 for preschool child care, Giant Cow Children's Ministries and Youth on Mission in conjunction with the SBC Pastors' Conference and SBC annual meeting.
Southern Baptist Disaster Relief child care volunteers will care for preschoolers while Giant Cow Children's Ministries will lead the 5-12-year-olds and Woman's Missionary Union will guide the Youth on Mission curricula and activities.
All activities for children and youth will be housed at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center. Youth who have completed grades 7-12 will begin their days at the convention center with worship each morning before going into the community for hands-on mission projects.
Pre-registration is required and will be handled online at sbcannualmeeting.net/sbc18 under the “children/youth” tab. The deadline for registration is May 11 for most programs, or when the space limitation of 125 children is reached. There will be no on-site registration.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Compiled by Shawn Hendricks, editor of Baptist Press. With reporting from Baptist Press staff and various other Baptist Press reports.)
US-based analyst Gregory Poling explains why he views the Duterte administration's West Philippine Sea policy as 'well-intentioned but naive'
Published 3:52 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Rappler talks to Gregory Poling, one of the world's leading experts on the South China Sea or West Philippine Sea, as he makes a two-day trip to the Philippines for a series of talks and meetings.
Poling is the director of the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative (AMTI) of the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) based in Washington DC. AMTI is the group that regularly publishes satellite images of the South China Sea.
In this Rappler Talk interview, Poling explains why he views the Duterte administration's policy on the West Philippine Sea as "well-intentioned but naive."
Watch the full Rappler Talk interview here. – Rappler.com
[India], June 15 (ANI): Four suspected agents of Pakistani intelligence agency Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) were caught in Rajasthan's Jaisalmer on Thursday.
The suspects have been taken to Jodhpur after questioning, according to sources.
This is not the first such incident. Earlier in May, a suspected ISI agent was detained in a joint operation in Jaisalmer by the intelligence units of Rajasthan Police and the Indian Army. (ANI)
× Kirkland girls basketball coach accused of filming players while they changed
KIRKLAND, Wash. – Kirkland police arrested a high school basketball coach on Thursday, saying he was secretly filming girls on his team changing clothes in his office.
The King County prosecutor's office said it had filed charges against Brenden Rajah on Friday, but there was no immediate word on what the charges were. His arrest Thursday night was for investigation of first-degree voyeurism, which is a felony.
Rajah is a volunteer coach on the Puget Sound Adventist Academy's basketball team, and was formerly the school's athletic director.
According to a news release from Kirkland police:
Two students were using the athletic department's tablet when they found the videos, which they reported. The video showed players who had been invited into the coach's office to try on uniforms.
Police said they easily identified Rajah because he can be seen in the videos adjusting the camera angle and turning the video on and off.
Police served a search warrant at Rajah's house and are conducting a forensic investigation of his electronics.
Coroner IDs man killed by police in Denver suburb of Aurora
CENTENNIAL, Colo. (AP) — Authorities have released the name of an attempted murder suspect who was shot and killed by police in the Denver suburb of Aurora.
The Arapahoe County Coroner's Office identified the victim Tuesday as 36-year-old Antonio Sanchez and said he died of multiple gunshot wounds.
Sanchez was shot in a gas station parking lot following a police chase Friday afternoon. No officers were injured.
Officer Bill Hummel, a spokesman for the police department, says it's not yet clear how many officers fired their weapons or how many shots they fired. A weapon was found at the scene, but police have not said if the man pulled it on officers.
Sanchez was wanted for a shooting that happened Thursday evening.
Senator Lisa Murkowski wants to bolster the nation's volcano monitoring system. The bill Murkowski is sponsoring, introduced Monday, would modernize existing monitoring networks and create a 24-7 volcano watch office to keep an eye on active volcanoes across the country. Plus, it would create a connected system — the National Volcano Early Warning System — where information from the nation's five volcano observatories would live.
A press release from the Senate Energy committee says even though the Alaska Volcano Observatory is one of the busiest in the world, it has been underfunded for almost three decades.
There is no estimate for how much the proposal might cost.
This is the fourth time Murkowski has introduced legislation to enhance volcano monitoring, but none have become law. The current bill is also sponsored by senators from Washington State and Hawaii.
CLOSE In 2014, Abednego nearly severed his index finger while working construction. His boss hired him without verifying his documents. After the injury, he was fired and denied medical care. He was arrested for fraud and spent 33 days in detention. Dorothy Edwards/Naples Daily News
Buy Photo Abednego de la Cruz wipes his brow while working his construction job in Tallahassee on Monday, July 3, 2017. (Photo: Dorothy Edwards/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
Florida employees who use fake IDs and identities no longer would face a felony workers' comp fraud charge and would receive benefits under a proposal lawmakers are considering that would benefit unauthorized immigrants.
The current workers' compensation law in Florida, passed in 2003, makes it a crime for undocumented immigrants to apply for a job or benefits using false identifying information such as Social Security numbers.
The proposal, introduced by state Sen. Gary Farmer, D-Fort Lauderdale, would only punish workers who provide false information related to eligibility for benefits, such as lying about an accident. Undocumented workers are eligible for workers' compensation benefits in Florida and other states.
More: Florida legislators discuss change in law that punishes injured immigrant workers
More:Companies profit from undocumented laborers, dump them after injuries
More: Undocumented immigrant workers face prosecution in other states after suffering injuries
“These are workers who did their job, were injured doing their job,” Farmer said. “They should get the medical coverage.”
The Naples Daily News reported in December how the 2003 law affects injured immigrant workers, and found that employers of workers charged under the statute hired them without checking their IDs or Social Security numbers, even for occupations with a large share of undocumented workforce. But after the workers got hurt on the job, employers or their insurers checked the Social Security numbers the immigrants used, reported them to state law enforcement and denied them benefits.
Workers' advocates and state courts argue that keeping companies and insurers on the hook for the costs of undocumented immigrants' injuries is good for all workers.
They say it discourages unscrupulous employers from hiring unauthorized immigrants on the belief that they won't have to bear the cost of their injuries, prevents taxpayers from footing the bill of some medical treatments, keeps workplaces safer for everyone and protects law-abiding companies from unfair competition.
If the bill passes, using false documents would still be a crime under other areas of law, but it wouldn't be considered workers' compensation fraud and companies couldn't use it to refuse paying benefits, said Richard Templin, a lobbyist for the Florida AFL-CIO labor group, which supports the bill.
He said providing false statements such as lying about an injury would still be unlawful under the bill.
Farmer's proposal has received support from some Republicans, including Senate President Pro Tempore Anitere Flores, R-Miami.
“Senator Farmer has a proposed solution, and so I'm hopeful we will get a chance to debate that so we can solve this problem,” said Flores, chair of the Senate Committee on Banking and Insurance.
Sen. Rene Garcia, R- Hialeah, a member of the Committee on Banking and Insurance, said companies that hire unauthorized immigrants without checking their identity documents should pay the employees' injury claims and companies exploiting workers should be penalized.
“I think it's really a shame that they hire individuals who are undocumented and then they exploit them to the point where they get injured on a job and then ... they are discarded and thrown away,” Garcia said.
Republican Sen. Rob Bradley, chairman of the Senate Committee on Appropriations and a member of the Committee on Banking and Insurance, said he does not support decriminalizing the use of false IDs by immigrant workers.
He said he would favor prosecuting more aggressively businesses that willfully ignore immigrants' use of false documents and take advantage of these workers.
Farmers' bill doesn't have a companion in the more conservative House, which makes it harder for legislation to be passed this session.
An option would be to add the bill's language as an amendment to workers' compensation legislation already filed. A bill reforming some aspects of the workers' compensation system has passed in the House and is in the Senate.
Other, more limited workers' compensation bills have been filed in both chambers.
Templin, of the AFL-CIO, said he hopes to find a way to get the changes in Farmer's bill passed in the House.
Templin said one obstacle he sees is some insurers are comfortable with the status quo where they charge premiums for workers whose claims they won't have to pay or who believe Farmer's proposal diminishes the fraud statute.
He said another roadblock is the anti-immigrant sentiment held by some in the House.
Templin said some lawmakers could be less willing to tackle the bill if they think it could revive the debate about whether they should require all Florida businesses to use E-Verify, a federal online and free database where employers can check whether new hires are authorized to work.
Any debate related to immigration, he said, is a sensitive issue right now.
Many Florida high-risk industries, such as construction and farming, rely heavily on unauthorized immigrants for labor.
Rep. Danny Burgess, R-Zephyrhills, chairman of the House Insurance and Banking Subcommittee, sponsored the workers' compensation bill that the House passed.
While he said he hasn't reviewed Farmer's bill, he doesn't want to see workers exploited and he favors the use of E-Verify to prevent these situations. But he said he isn't committed to making E-Verify mandatory for all businesses now.
Republican Rep. David Santiago, vice chairman of the House Insurance and Banking Subcommittee, said he likely would oppose Farmer's bill because he doesn't want to condone the behavior of unauthorized workers who use false documents to apply for jobs.
“I'm sensitive to the injured worker, but I believe in the rule of law at the same time,” Santiago said.
He said employers should be held accountable for checking their new hires' documents. But he said he is not committed to making E-Verify mandatory because businesses have expressed concerns about the requirement.
Read or Share this story: https://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/special-reports/2018/02/02/floridas-disposable-workers-bill-would-help-unauthorized-immigrants-injured-job/1088879001/
A week after collapsing onstage due to dehydration, Tim McGraw is using his sense of humor to update fans on his recovery.
The country singer, 50, shared a photo of him taking part in one of his favorite hobbies on Instagram and Twitter Monday. “Hydrating!” McGraw wrote along with an underwater action shot of him deep-sea fishing.
He appears to be on vacation with his wife Faith Hill as he also shared photos of his spouse of over 20 years sunbathing with a towel over her face and body on their boat.
On March 11, the father of three cut his set short at the Country to Country festival in Dublin, Ireland, during which he dropped to his knees after singing his song “Humble & Kind” at the concert. Hill, who was the co-headliner at the festival, told fans shortly after the incident that her husband was suffering from dehydration.
RELATED: What to Know About Dehydration, the Condition that Caused Tim McGraw to Collapse on Stage
McGraw has shared his passion for deep sea diving with fans and followers as he often shows off his catches of the day and shirtless poses on social media. Most recently, he closed out 2017 with a trip to a private island in the Bahamas where he spent his days getting snappers and hogfish.
His underwater activities may be his new form of exercise as he joked about spending less time in the gym following the collapse. “I gotta cut short my workouts,” he said, two days after the incident.
The couple is next scheduled to bring their joint Soul2Soul tour to Richmond, Virginia, on May 31.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Japan kicked off its controversial whaling season for fiscal year 2017 on Wednesday, under the name of scientific research, aiming to capture 43 minke whales and 134 sei whales, local media reported, citing Japan's Fisheries Agency.
Japan's whaling fleet is expected to collect data on stomach contents and skin samples among other things in the northwestern Pacific, Kyodo News reported, citing the statement from the Fisheries Agency.
The Japanese agency has submitted to the International Whaling Commission (IWC) a plan to catch a total of 304 whales per year from fiscal year 2017 to 2028, but the proposal has not been approved by the IWC, due to objections from an anti-whaling group of IWC members.
Japan's previous whaling operations ended with its whaling fleet returning with the carcasses of 333 minke whales on board in March.
The IWC has banned commercial whaling since 1986. However, countries including Japan, Norway and Iceland have exploited a provision in the 1946 whaling convention that allows whales to be killed for scientific purposes, to continue their whaling operations.
In March 2014, the International Court of Justice ordered Japan to suspend its research whaling in the Antarctic Ocean, saying it violated the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling.
Despite Japanese authorities' claims that whaling has been a cultural tradition in Japan, modern commercial whaling in the country only started in the late 19th century. Commercial whaling received a huge boost after World War II, when US General Douglas MacArthur, who effectively ruled Japan during the post-war Allied occupation, encouraged commercial whaling as a way to secure protein for the Japanese people, in order to cut down costs of transporting food from the US to post war Japan.
Whale meat consumption dropped significantly in Japan in recent decades. Official figures showed Japan's annual consumption of whale meat stayed at around 4,000-5,000 tonnes, a sharp drop from its peak of more than 200,000 tonnes in the 1960s.
Geelong coach Chris Scott won't be expecting miracles when Gary Ablett squares off against his former Gold Coast AFL teammates for the first time on Saturday.
The Suns finally return to Metricon Stadium - after the venue was temporarily reconfigured as an athletics venue for the Commonwealth Games - to host a Cats side featuring their departed skipper.
Ablett, 34, has averaged a team-high 29 possessions in six matches this year in his second coming as a Cat, without threatening to scale the previous heights of a career including two Brownlow Medals and six best and fairest awards for the Cats and Suns.
"We expect him to keep building his form, keep building his match fitness and working his way into the season," Scott told reporters on Thursday.
"We don't expect him, and I don't think we really need him, to go out there and get a whole lot of the ball and be best on ground necessarily.
"In fact I think he could be best on ground with 20 touches instead of 40 if he plays the way he can play and uses the ball really well and helps our team on both sides of the ball.
"I think it's a mistake to judge his game on possessions.
"I know in the past he has been a 40-possession plus player who just accumulates, and I think he'll have games like that for us as well, but we're not trying to set the game up for that to be the case."
The sixth-placed Cats are coming off a dour 28-point home win over bottom team Carlton in a spectacle labelled by Scott as "horrible".
He's expecting a tough, contested affair against a Suns' outfit who have won three of their opening nine matches - all on the road - under first-year coach Stuart Dew, who did his coaching apprenticeship at Sydney with John Longmire.
"I wouldn't be so disrespectful to just say that Stuart Dew has taken what he helped build at Sydney and tried to replicate it at the Gold Coast - there would be specifics that apply to their personnel at the Suns," said Scott.
"But some of the things that industry insiders like about the way the Swans play - a hard contested team, really good transitioning team, high workrate team - we're seeing at the Suns as well."
Gold Coast have won their past two matches against the Cats at Metricon Stadium.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
While our eyes and wallets were crying over those sky high gas prices, there were some folks who had a little more to say outside the annual Exxon shareholders meeting.
This year's meeting brought people pumped up about the usual issues like global warming, fossil fuels and climate change.
"Now it's obvious to most people that we have a very serious problem, whether it's air pollution here in Dallas Fort Worth or Global Warming," one protester said.
We'll have to wait and see whether anyone inside that meeting was listening.
May 30, 2018, Cleveland: New Cleveland Clinic research shows for the first time that ibrutinib, an FDA-approved drug for lymphoma and leukemia, may also help treat the most common - and deadliest - type of brain tumor. The findings, published in Science Translational Medicine, offer hope that the drug may one day be used in patients with glioblastoma and improve poor survival rates.
The team of researchers, led by Shideng Bao, Ph.D., of Cleveland Clinic's Lerner Research Institute found that ibrutinib slowed brain tumor growth in a preclinical model and extended survival more than 10-times the rate of the current standard-of-care chemotherapy drug.
They found in human glioblastoma cells that ibrutinib works by inhibiting glioma stem cells - an aggressive type of brain cancer cell that tends to resist treatment and spread. Furthermore, they showed that combining ibrutinib with radiation therapy prevents glioblastoma cells from developing this resistance. Combination therapy overcame resistance and extended lifespan more effectively than either radiation or ibrutinib treatment alone.
According to the American Brain Tumor Association, glioblastoma survival is very poor - median survival in patients undergoing standard treatment is less than 15 months.
"Glioblastoma is the most lethal primary brain tumor and is highly resistant to current therapies," said Bao. "There is an urgent need to get new treatments to these patients as quickly as possible."
In earlier studies, Bao and colleagues found that glioma stem cells have high levels of a protein called BMX (bone marrow and X-linked non-receptor tyrosine kinase). BMX activates a protein called STAT3 (signal transducer and activator of transcription 3), which is responsible for the aggressive, pro-cancer qualities of glioma stem cells. In this new study, the researchers found that ibrutinib works by inhibiting both proteins.
"Additional research is important to understand the effects of ibrutinib in patients, but these early findings are promising," said Bao. "Using an FDA-approved drug would allow us to surpass many of the lengthy regulatory studies needed when developing a new treatment, and we could potentially begin clinical trials very soon."
Ibrutinib (Imbruvica) has been approved by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration to treat certain types of leukemia and lymphoma, as well as chronic graft versus host disease.
###
Bao is a staff member in Cleveland Clinic Lerner Research Institute's Department of Stem Cell Biology & Regenerative Medicine. The research team included first author Yu Shi.
This research was supported by grants from National Key Research and Development Program of China and the National Institutes of Health.
About Cleveland Clinic
Cleveland Clinic is a nonprofit multispecialty academic medical center that integrates clinical and hospital care with research and education. Located in Cleveland, Ohio, it was founded in 1921 by four renowned physicians with a vision of providing outstanding patient care based upon the principles of cooperation, compassion and innovation. Cleveland Clinic has pioneered many medical breakthroughs, including coronary artery bypass surgery and the first face transplant in the United States. U.S. News & World Report consistently names Cleveland Clinic as one of the nation's best hospitals in its annual "America's Best Hospitals" survey. Among Cleveland Clinic's 52,000 employees are more than 3,600 full-time salaried physicians and researchers and 14,000 nurses, representing 140 medical specialties and subspecialties. Cleveland Clinic's health system includes a 165-acre main campus near downtown Cleveland, 11 regional hospitals, more than 150 northern Ohio outpatient locations - including 18 full-service family health centers and three health and wellness centers - and locations in Weston, Fla.; Las Vegas, Nev.; Toronto, Canada; Abu Dhabi, UAE; and London, England. In 2017, there were 7.6 million outpatient visits, 229,000 hospital admissions and 207,000 surgical cases throughout Cleveland Clinic's health system. Patients came for treatment from every state and 185 countries. Visit us at clevelandclinic.org. Follow us at twitter.com/ClevelandClinic. News and resources available at newsroom.clevelandclinic.org.
Editor's Note: Cleveland Clinic News Service is available to provide broadcast-quality interviews and B-roll upon request.
About the Lerner Research Institute
Police have identified the woman found dead Tuesday evening in a community garden in Delray Beach.
She's 33-year-old Jennifer Salcito.
Police are investigating her death as a homicide, but have not released a cause of death.
Officers are reportedly planning to hand out a flyer with Salcito's picture on it to see if anyone in the neighborhood has any information about how she ended up dead in the garden.
DBPD detectives have identified the woman whose body was found Tuesday in the Frog Alley Community Garden as Jennifer Salcito, 33. Detectives will be knocking on doors today with this flyer looking for info. Call Det. Shiner or @CrimeStoppersPB with tips. pic.twitter.com/ZmEEpMMmvF — Delray Beach Police (@DelrayBeachPD) July 4, 2018
The post Police ID woman found dead in Delray Beach appeared first on 850 WFTL.
ZURICH Two players banned for a year for attacking referees in separate incidents in domestic Mexican games have had their suspensions reduced following an appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).
America defender Pablo Aguilar was originally banned for 10 matches and Toluca forward Enrique Triverio for eight before the Mexican federation's disciplinary committee increased them both to one year.
However, CAS said on Tuesday that it had ruled that the players should serve the bans originally imposed which were criticised by the Mexican referees' association at the time as being too lenient.
Paraguayan Aguilar struck referee Fernando Hernandez with his forehead and screamed insults at him after America lost 1-0 to Tijuana in a Copa MX match in March.
Argentina Triverio pushed and insulted referee Miguel Flores in Toluca's defeat by Morelia in the same competition.
The Mexican referees' association said the initial punishments were too lenient and went on strike, forcing a round of league fixtures to be called off.
After the bans were extended to one year, it said the decision had "set a precedent so that it is order and respect that prevails on the field of play".
"The sanctions that had been imposed in the first instance ....were appropriate in light of the misconducts at stake," CAS said.
(Writing by Brian Homewood, editing by Ed Osmond)
Josh Frydenberg will gain some insight into the Trump administration's approach to climate change and energy during a visit to the United States.
The energy minister is facing criticism from within the Liberal-National coalition over Australia's commitment to the Paris climate agreement.
Former prime minister Tony Abbott, who signed the agreement, now says Australia should back away from its target like the US did under Donald Trump.
Recent reports point to the US, under Mr Trump's policies, not even coming halfway to its Paris emission cut targets.
Mr Frydenberg will meet with White House officials, the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and the Environmental Protection Agency administrator.
He'll also deliver a speech in Washington DC on the Australia-US relationship and Australia's environment and energy reform agenda.
Ahead of the trip, Mr Frydenberg will deliver an address to the International Energy Agency and meet executive director Fatih Birol to discuss the government's proposed energy security assessments.
Also in Paris, he'll meet with the UNESCO chief to discuss the Great Barrier Reef.
Talks with energy executives and investment funds will be on the agenda in New York.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says Australia plays by global rules and sticks by any agreements it signs.
BEND, Ore. - Many millennials lack knowledge about the importance of sunscreen and continue to tan outdoors in part because of low self-esteem and high rates of narcissism that fuel addictive tanning behavior, a new study from Oregon State University-Cascades has found.
Lead author Amy Watson and her colleagues found that those with higher levels of self-esteem were less likely to tan, while those with lower self-esteem and higher levels of narcissism were more likely to present addictive tanning behavior. The motivation for the addictive tanning behavior was the perception of improved appearance.
"This study gives us a clearer understanding of actual consumer behavior," said Watson, an assistant professor of marketing at OSU-Cascades. "The number of people stills deliberately exposing their skin to the sun for tanning purposes is alarming. We need to find new ways to entice people to protect their skin, including challenging the ideal of tan skin as a standard of beauty."
The findings were published recently in the Journal of Consumer Affairs. Co-authors are Gail Zank and Anna M. Turri of Texas State University.
Skin cancer is the most common type of cancer worldwide, with more than 3.5 million cases diagnosed annually. Melanoma cases among women rose sharply between 1970 and 2009, with an 800 percent increase among women 18 to 39.
In an effort to improve consumer education about the role of sunscreen in the prevention of skin cancer, the Centers for Disease Control and the Food and Drug Administration developed a new "Drug Facts" panel of information now required on all sunscreen bottles. The panel includes directions for sunscreen use and advice on other sun protection measures, among other information.
The researchers' goal with the study was to gauge whether the information on this new label is effective at curbing tanning behavior and if new information is helping to increase consumer knowledge about how and when to use sunscreen and how much to use.
The study of 250 college students, most between 18 and 23 years old, measured their sun safety knowledge and included: questions about their beliefs regarding sunscreen effectiveness and ultraviolet light exposure danger; questions about tanning motivation and behavior; an assessment of tanning addiction; and personality questions relating to self-esteem, narcissism, appearance and addictive behavior.
The study participants, 47 percent male and 53 percent female, scored an average of 54 percent on an 11-question sun safety knowledge test, which included true/false statements such as: "On a daily basis I should use at least one ounce of sunscreen on exposed skin" (true); and "When applied correctly, SPF 100 is twice as effective as SPF 50" (false).
About 70 percent of the study participants reported purposefully exposing their skin to the sun to achieve a tan. About a third of the participants reported that having a tan is important to them, while about 37 percent said they feel better with a tan, and 41 percent indicated that having a tan makes them more confident in their appearance.
The participants' levels of tanning addiction were measured through questions such as "I get annoyed when people tell me not to tan," and "I continue to tan knowing that it is bad for me," and "I feel unattractive or anxious to tan if I do not maintain my tan."
The researchers found that those with lower self-esteem and higher narcissism rates were also more likely to exhibit addictive tanning behavior. They found no evidence that increased knowledge about sun safety leads to lower levels of addictive tanning.
"What we found is that this knowledge doesn't matter to the consumers," Watson said. "That tactic to require sunscreen manufacturers to include this information is not effective."
Sun safety and sunscreen messaging from the CDC is all statistics-based, emphasizing the likelihood of a skin cancer occurrence or diagnosis, Watson said. But that type of message isn't resonating with millennials. The next step for Watson and her colleagues is to begin testing other types of messages to identify ways millennials would respond more positively to sun safety measures.
"People are starting to get the message about the dangers of using tanning beds, but a large number of people are still tanning outdoors, deliberately exposing their skin to the sun, because they think it's attractive," she said.
"We need to move away from the narrative where tan skin is associated with health and youth. That's the opposite of reality. Because reality is tan skin is damaged skin."
###
The state corporation (Alaska Gasline Development Corporation, or AGDC) charged with taking the lead on the massive Alaska liquid natural gas project is again having its finances questioned. On Tuesday, members of the Senate Finance committee pressed the corporation's president Keith Meyer for detailed information about his budget.
The corporation has been tasked with managing two different gas pipeline projects and the legislature appropriated millions into two separate funds for those projects. Meyer has asked for legislative approval to shift millions between those two accounts.
Anchorage Republican Senator Anna MacKinnon says the corporation has not been transparent about how the money has been spent, so far.
“What we've been trying to understand is whether you've been cross-pollinating those funds and we haven't had access to any of the records to actually audit how you've handled those funds,” MacKinnon said.
The agency has about $102 million between the two funds. But as the state takes over the mega-project, lawmakers have questioned how the corporation will pay for the additional millions of dollars it could take to finish an application to the Federal Regulatory Commission, or FERC, and to buy the land its needs for a plant on the Kenai Peninsula.
MacKinnon and other members of the committee quizzed Meyer over the costs of the corporation's satellite offices in Houston and Tokyo. Anchorage Republican Natasha Von Imhof asked about a $50,000 sponsorship of the Iditarod.
“And, how is sponsoring the Iditarod ceremonial start going to help you reach your goals of securing a buyer in Asia, obtaining a tax exempt status and applying for FERC?” Von Imhof asked.
Meyer says the Iditarod sponsorship coincides with a summit the corporation is hosting that will bring potential customers to the state to see sites where the gas line could be constructed.
“The attendees pay to attend. There are sponsors, we've got some very nice sponsors. We're not done with sponsorships yet actually; they're still coming in. AGDC is funding some of this as well and depending on how many sponsors, that amount may change,” Meyer said.
Going forward, Meyer told the finance committee that the corporation would be more transparent, including sending regular updates to lawmakers who sign confidentiality agreements.
He also says the corporation isn't planning to ask the legislature for any more money this year.
MacKinnon told Meyer that lawmakers needed more from the corporation.
“Mr. Meyer, I want you to know that there are people that I represent that are asking us to kill the project. That are requesting information and that they believe that it is not in the best interests of the state to move forward,” she said.
An ongoing audit of the corporation isn't expected to be finished until well after the legislature gavels out, but MacKinnon says she'll have the corporation in front of her committee again this session.
A banner for Snap Inc. hangs from the front of the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, March 2, 2017, in New York.
Outrage spread across social media in the past week over a remark that Snap Inc. CEO Evan Spiegel may or may not have made about India in 2015. Here's what you need to know about the calls for Indian users to boycott Snapchat, and the lawsuit that claims that Spiegel once said he didn't want to expand into India because it was "poor."
This All Started When Former Employee Anthony Pompliano Sued Snap Inc. In January
Pompliano claims that the company misled investors and advertisers over user data.
Pompliano worked at Snap for three weeks in 2015 before being fired. He's seeking a court order to bar Snap from misrepresenting the reasons for his firing when the company is called on by any of his prospective employers. He alleges Snap labels him as incompetent, when in his view Spiegel wanted him fired for internally raising concerns about the usage measurements.
[Los Angeles Times]
The crux of Pompliano's suit alleges that the company inflated some of its numbers, telling advertisers and investors it had surpassed the coveted milestone of 100 million daily active users in the summer of 2015, when in fact the real tally was closer to 95 million or less.
[Fortune]
Snap Initially Sought To Keep Pompliano's Lawsuit Private But Agreed To Unseal It Last Week
Snap Inc. says it has "nothing to hide" and vociferously denies the meat of Pompliano's complaint.
"Snap did not give investors misstated user metrics back in 2015, nor did Snap employees commit any of the panoply of alleged bad acts that little Pompliano's complaint," Snap's lawyers wrote on Tuesday. ...
Snap has said that Pompliano is a "disgruntled former employee" and that his claims are without merit. The company's lawyers argued on Tuesday that Snapchat falsely saying it had reached 100 DAUs was a "minor metrics deviation," and called Pompliano's litigation "just one big publicity stunt."
[Business Insider]
In The Unsealed Lawsuit, ​Pompliano Claims That Spiegel Called India And Spain "Poor Countries" In A 2015 Meeting
At a meeting to discuss Snapchat's user growth in 2015, Anthony Pompliano says he expressed concern that the app was not taking off overseas.
Pompliano, who had just been hired away from Facebook, contends that he presented methods to address the issue, but that Evan Spiegel, the company's CEO, abruptly cut him off.
"This app is only for rich people," Spiegel said, according to Pompliano. "I don't want to expand into poor countries like India and Spain."
[Variety]
Spiegel's Reported Dismissal Of India As "Poor" Has Angered Many Indians On Social Media
Snapchat, which has about 4 million users in India, has called the allegations "ridiculous." "Obviously Snapchat is for everyone. It's available worldwide to download for free," the company said.
But that denial failed to blunt the anger of many Indians on Twitter and Facebook, where the hashtags #BoycottSnapchat and #UninstallSnapchat were trending at the weekend.
The platform's rating in the Apple Store has also fallen to one star after poor reviews.
A similarly named Indian e-commerce company, Snapdeal, appeared to be caught in the crossfire, its founder having to post on Twitter on Sunday that it was a different company and had no association with Spiegel's alleged remarks.
[Guardian]
BY JIM MCLEAN
The message delivered to a legislative committee Thursday by opponents of expanding Medicaid eligibility in Kansas boiled down to this: Expansion has been a disaster in the states that have enacted it, so don't do it.
Gregg Pfister, legislative relations director for the Florida-based Foundation for Government Accountability, ticked through a list of expansion states where costs and enrollment significantly exceeded projections.
“When considering expansion, each one of these states looked at the problem, studied the projections and decided that this was an expenditure that their state could afford. Unfortunately, they were wrong,” Pfister told members of the House Health and Human Services Committee.
So far, 31 states and the District of Columbia have expanded their Medicaid programs. Kansas is among 19 that haven't.
Supporters of Medicaid expansion in Kansas acknowledge that demand for services has exceeded projections in some states, but they don't necessarily consider that a problem given that more people are getting needed services and the federal government is shouldering most of the cost.
“Even with enrollment exceeding estimates, states have seen budget savings and revenue that still makes expansion budget positive in most cases,” said Sheldon Weisgrau, in a memo distributed to the media before the hearing to counter the anticipated arguments of opponents.
Weisgrau is director of the Health Reform Resource Project, an educational initiative funded by several regional health foundations, some of which also provide funding to KCUR and the Kansas News Service.
In addition to creating cost overruns, Michael Tanner, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute in Washington, D.C., said Medicaid doesn't provide quality care.
“In almost every health outcome, Medicaid is outperformed by private health insurance,” Tanner said. “In my opinion, it would be a significant mistake for Kansas to expand Medicaid at this time.”
The main study Tanner cited to support his claim didn't follow patients long enough to determine the extent to which their health improved once they obtained Medicaid coverage, Weisgrau said.
Susan Mosier, secretary of the Kansas Department of Health and Environment, reiterated Gov. Sam Brownback's reasons for opposing expansion, which include uncertainty about the future of the Affordable Care Act and the federal money it guarantees to states to cover most of the cost of expansion.
Mosier also took issue with claims made by supporters, most notably the Kansas Hospital Association, that expansion would generate more than enough revenue to cover the state's share of the cost.
“There are several flaws with that analysis,” Mosier said. “There is no cost benefit to the state, in fact there is additional cost.”
The official estimate that Brownback administration's budget office prepared said expansion would cost the state an additional $110 million in the first two years.
Audrey Dunkel, a senior financial analyst for the hospital association, disputed the accuracy of the estimate. She said revenues and cost savings generated by expansion — most of which were acknowledged in the budget office report — would generate about $13 million more than the amount needed to cover the state's share of expansion costs.
The expansion bill under consideration — House Bill 2064 — would extend eligibility for KanCare, the state's privatized Medicaid program, to more than 300,000 Kansans with annual incomes at or below 138 percent of the federal poverty level, about $16,000 for an individual. However, it's expected that only about half that number would enroll for a variety of reasons.
The committee is expected to vote next week on whether to send the bill to the full House.
Jim McLean is managing director of kcur.org‘s Kansas News Service, a collaboration of KCUR, Kansas Public Radio and KMUW covering health, education and politics in Kansas. You can reach him on Twitter @jmcleanks.
US President Barack Obama participates in a town hall-style meeting with young African leaders at the University of Johannesburg campus in Soweto in 2013. Picture: Jason Reed
SOUTH AFRICA - More than 200 emerging African leaders are set to be mentored by former United States of America President Barack Obama.
The news surfaced on Monday night, after it was announced that he would be commemorating Nelson Mandela's 100th birthday in Johannesburg in July.
Also read: Obama coming to SA for Mandela's birthday
Obama is set to deliver the 16th Nelson Mandela Annual Lecture at the Ellis Park Arena, with the theme ‘Renewing the Mandela Legacy and Promoting Active Citizenship in a Changing World”.
And he apparently plans on doing just that, starting in Johannesburg.
These talented young people will create a better future not just in Africa, but around the world. I can't wait to spend some time with @ObamaFoundation Leaders and look forward to honoring the Mandela legacy in Johannesburg this summer. https://t.co/b73wGIW4Gj — Barack Obama (@BarackObama) April 23, 2018
According to a statement released by The Obama Foundation, the ‘Obama Foundation Leaders: Africa' project will help “develop the next generation of leaders” in Africa.
The year-long project is set to connect 200 young civic leaders to help them overcome geographic, political and cultural challenges, through workshops and training programmes.
“This program will provide emerging African leaders from a range of backgrounds with the skills they need to create change, kicking off with a five-day convening in Johannesburg later this summer. The convening will also include a town hall meeting with President Obama where he will hear about their experiences and the work they're doing,” the statement read.
About his project, Obama tweeted: “I can't wait to spend time with the Obama Foundation leaders and look forward to honouring the Mandela legacy in Johannesburg this summer.”
About 4000 people are expected to attend the annual Mandela memorial lecture.
The Nelson Mandela Foundation is yet to reveal details about the event planning.
In 2013, Madiba's official memorial was followed by an uproar when it was revealed that the sign-language interpreter, Thamsanqa Jantjie, who stood beside heads of state, including Obama, was a 'fake' and possibly a security hazard.
Also read: ‘Fake' interpreter ‘was hallucinating'
The incident made headlines, both news and satire, across the world - including on popular US television show 'Jimmy Kimmel Live'.
SUNDAY TRIBUNE
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Gaining independence will “not be an easy process” as there are “internal and external impediments” to the process, Hawrami said at Erbil's Cihan University, as quoted by the Anadolu news agency.
“Even the Kurds themselves are divided on the issue,” he said.
Hawrami also pointed out that Iraqi leadership also failed to reach consensus on the issue.
© AP Photo/ Felipe Dana Daesh Militants Execute 140 Civilians in Iraq's Mosul - Iraqi Kurdistan SC
"The first view, which is relatively weak, is that Kurds are already heading for independence and there is nothing that can stop it… But this opinion is held by few people and they don't have much influence on decision-making," he said.
Another point of view implies waiting for general elections in 2018 before taking any decisions.
"The third view is entirely opposed to the KRG's [Iraqi Kurdistan's] independence and any steps taken in this direction,” Hawrami added.
Last month Hawrami told the Rudaw media outlet that Barzani had informed UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres about the referendum on gaining independence from Iraq "at the earliest time."
Kurds are the largest ethnic minority in Turkey, Iraq, and Syria. In the latter two nations, the Kurds are fighting against the Islamic State (Daesh) terror group, while in Turkey, they are engaged in a conflict with state authorities.
Bernie Sanders is revving the engines of his long-promised "political revolution."
Scroll for more content...
The Vermont independent senator, who caucuses with the Democrats, is tapping back into his national network of supporters. He's drawing millions of viewers for events he streams live on Facebook. And he's delivering a series of speeches designed to counter President Donald Trump and offer his own progressive vision.
Taken together, his moves in 2018's first weeks show that Sanders is road-testing ways to deliver a message tailored to the Trump era without filters, and to activate his supporters behind it -- even as he insists publicly and privately that it's too early to commit to a 2020 presidential run.
"We are starting to see the beginning of a political revolution, something long overdue," Sanders declared after scanning the progressive anti-Trump resistance in his live-to-Facebook response to Trump's State of the Union this week.
There is ample reason to doubt a Sanders 2020 run: He'd be 79 years old on election day. His wife, Jane Sanders, is embroiled in a federal investigation into a land deal she made while president of Burlington College. And an awkward clash with a local newspaper reporter showed that Sanders may be uncomfortable entering the race as a front-runner, where the scrutiny is more intense and impossible to control.
But the next presidential race is on the minds of Sanders' allies. A number of top aides involved in his 2016 campaign huddled recently and discussed what a 2020 presidential run would look like -- a meeting first reported by Politico.
Still, Sanders' camp insists he's focused now on helping Democrats -- particularly like-minded progressives -- win this year, in hopes of stymieing Trump for the latter half of his first term.
"That's really where his head is at, is 'How do we put a check on the President?'" said Jeff Weaver, Sanders' 2016 campaign manager. "For everybody who is horrified about what this White House is trying to do, having a Democratic-controlled Congress -- even one house of Congress -- would be a tremendous check."
2018 plans
Sanders intends to travel extensively to support progressive candidates. First up, aides said, is likely a Midwestern trip where Sanders would campaign for three Democratic House contenders: Chuy Garcia in Illinois, Sanders presidential campaign veteran Pete D'Alessandro in Iowa and Randy Bryce, who is challenging House Speaker Paul Ryan in Wisconsin.
For the midterms, Sanders also plans to re-activate his "distributed organizing network" of supporters -- the massive network of volunteers who made tens of millions of calls and texts for his presidential campaign -- to help Democrats Sanders support.
Such a trial run would be a luxury if he were to run for president in 2020. Sanders' 2016 campaign started as a shoestring operation and expanded on the fly as he gained momentum; he'd enter 2020 with an infrastructure and network far larger than those of any other Democrat, and with many of the kinks already worked out.
Bernie TV
Since the 2016 election, Sanders has also built a massive collection of Facebook videos -- and is now beginning to host his own live events, circumventing the mainstream political press while attracting massive audiences.
Most clips are short -- between one and three minutes. His staff posts as many as five videos a day -- often just packaging, adding context and slapping a logo onto Sanders' remarks in TV interviews or at public events. Sanders brought on NowThis News' Armand Aviram to help produce them. And, spokesman Josh Miller-Lewis said, the senator personally weighs in on the videos' content "all the time. It's one of his biggest areas of focus."
The short videos are posted on his Senate Facebook page, which has 7.5 million followers. (His campaign page has another 5 million.)
They get attention -- combined, his "Medicare for all"-focused videos have more than 100 million views since August.
But the biggest events are Sanders' livestreams. He drew 1.1 million live viewers for a "Medicare for all" town hall in January -- an evening audience that rivaled cable news networks -- and 2 million viewers total. His State of the Union response got 1 million total viewers.
Sanders has partnered with progressive online news outlets to air his events. He's also launched his own podcast.
Big speeches
He's also making sweeping speeches focused on topics far removed from Trump-focused news cycles. On Wednesday, Sanders delivered a speech focused on climate change -- a notable omission in both Trump's State of the Union and Massachusetts Rep. Joe Kennedy III's official Democratic response.
But while Sanders is the most comfortable talking about his bread-and-butter issues -- Medicare for all, climate change, college affordability and income inequality -- he's also taking Trump on in cultural terms.
At a Latino Victory Fund event this week, Sanders labeled the Trump White House "the most extremist, reactionary, xenophobic, bigoted and thankfully, in many ways, the most inept and incompetent administration in the history of our country."
"What Trump and his friends are trying to do is exploit old fracture lines in our society -- racism, sexism, homophobia, Islamophobia, religious bigotry," he said. "In these dismal times, it is more important now than ever that we offer a vision to the American people -- a vision of hope; a vision of what this nation can become."
Project Jeep CJ-7 Radiator Protection
Using 6 bucks worth of material to protect a 300 dollar 3-core radiator and to cool the V8 Engine.
When looking at the grill of my 78 CJ-7, the one thing that just stuck out like a sore thumb was how exposed the radiator seemed to be. While the grill protected the radiator from larger horizontal impacts like tree branches, it still seemed to offer little protect to the small bullet rocks that could possibly get kicked up at it, and blow a hole in the thin copper material that makes up a radiator.
Imagine being out on the trail following someone and a rock gets kicked out of the mud tire lugs on their Super Swampers and a little dime shaped rock pokes a hole in your radiator. I've seen it happen before. It sure puts a damper on the days activities as your precious cooling fluid oozes out.
When you look at the Jeep CJ's grill, you'll see a gap that runs down the front of the radiator and behind the grill. I figured that I could easily slip a piece of protective “hardware cloth”, or “chicken wire” as some folks call it, in front of the radiator to protect it from these small rocks.
So I headed out to the hardware store and for 6 bucks and some change, I bought a 2′ x 5′ roll of galvanized 1/4″ “Hardware Cloth”. This wire cloth is a tight knit fence-like material that has 1/4″ square holes. Galvanized so it doesn't rust, its easily cut with tin snips and can be molded and cut into shape.
I measured out about a 24″ x 24″ square and cut it off the roll. It wanted to roll back up so I scraped it over the edge of the table to force it to bend the other way. It eventually flattened out so I could work with it.
I bent the side over one inch in onto itself so I didn't have sharp edges down the sides.
In the bottom I bent it in a shape (see pic below). The bend at the bottom is bent forward so it rests on the inner ledge of the base of the grill. This will hold it up and prevent it from falling out the bottom of the Jeep. The blow tape you see is blue duct tape that I later painted black. This serves the purpose of preventing damaging contact between the hardware cloth and the inner edge of the grill which will eventually cause rust.
For the top I test fitted it, marked the top, pulled it out, bent it down over on itself. Then I taped up the top where there would be contact against the radiator and the grill.
The finished product is pictured below (before painting it black). I bent it in a slight arch so that it will bow forward a little. This will keep it off the radiator and help to deflect that rock that might have otherwise punctured the radiator.
The front face of this radiator protector then got a shot of black paint to tone down the galvanized shine it had and to hide the blue duct tape (I only had the blue tape around). I let the paint dry of course before installing it.
Re-inserting it was easy since I had already fitted it before. Securing it wasn't necessary since it fit snug and couldn't go anywhere anyway because of the upper and lower bends I put on it.
In the pics it doesn't appear to be anything other than the radiator itself. However it really does offer some good security against those small rocks that might get kicked up into it and possibly puncture the radiator. As far as cooling goes, it has no effect of cooling since it doesn't restrict air flow at all.
Defibrillator devices are used in treating life-threatening sudden cardiac arrest caused due to cardiac arrhythmias, particularly ventricular fibrillation and pulseless ventricular tachycardia. The global defibrillators market was valued at USD 9.3 billion in 2012, and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.2% to reach an estimated value of USD 14.2 billion by 2019. Sudden cardiac arrest is one of the major reasons for deaths across the globe with more than 300,000 deaths only in the United States alone. A defibrillator device depolarizes critical part of a heart muscle thereby helping in restoration of normal heart rhythm. If SCA victims receive cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and defibrillation within 5 to 12 minutes of cardiac arrest, many lives can be saved.
View Report: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/defibrillators-market.html
The most significant factors for the growth of global defibrillators market are –
Growing incidences of cardiovascular diseases and disorders
Aging of baby boomer population in the U.S.
Increasing demand from emerging countries of Asia-Pacific and the Middle-East
Increasing trend towards installations of AEDs at workplaces by businesses
The global defibrillators market has been segmented by product types, by end-users and by geography. On the basis of defibrillator types, the market is divided into advanced life support (ALS) defibrillators, automated external defibrillators (AEDs), implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs) and wearable defibrillators. In 2012, implantable defibrillator devices accounted for the largest share by revenue of the global defibrillators market while the advanced life support defibrillators segment stood second in the global defibrillator market. The larger share of market is captured by implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs) due to the rise in ICD implantations for preventing death from sudden cardiac arrest. Other factors such as accuracy in analyzing cardiac rhythm and quick response time for delivering shock are expected to drive the market in the near future.
Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1817
The global defibrillators market is also segmented by end-users into hospitals, homes, public or community access, emergency medical services and business workplace. The defibrillators market was largely dominated by hospitals as end-user category contributing to more than 90% of the total market. The huge demand for defibrillators from hospitals is largely accounted for the ICD implantations and continuous demand for ALS defibrillators. In the near future, number of AED installations at large hospitals are expected to increase. In addition, the developing healthcare infrastructure in the emerging nations such as China, India and Brazil are expected to drive the demand for defibrillators. The demand of AEDs for public access and installations at businesses workplace are on a rise and expected to grow rapidly during the forecast period. The AEDs have gained critical importance due to easy operability of these devices which allows even laypersons to use them in case of emergency.
The global defibrillators market is also segmented by geography into six major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle-East, Latin America and Africa. In 2012, North America was the largest market for defibrillator devices amongst all geographic segments but is expected to grow at a slower CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period 2013 to 2019. Asia-Pacific and Middle-East are expected to grow at a comparatively faster pace than North America and Europe owing to the large patient base, increasing incidences of cardiovascular diseases and rising per capita expenditure on healthcare. The increasing awareness about utility of defibrillators in the Middle-East, especially in U.A.E and the support from government is contributing to growth of the market in this region.
Enquiry for Discount on this Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=1817
The global defibrillator market is consolidated with very few large players in the market. In recent years, many mergers and acquisitions have taken place in the market, one such significant acquisition was of Zoll Medical Corporation being acquired by a Japanese company Asahi Kasei Corporation. Some of the major players in the global defibrillators market include Biotronik SE& Co.KG, Boston Scientific Corporation, Defibtech LLC, GE Healthcare Ltd., HeartSine Technologies Inc., Medtronic, Inc., Nihon Kohden Corporation, Philips Healthcare, St. Jude Medical Inc., and Zoll Medical Corporation.
The US military has begun briefing the families of the four American troops who were killed in an ambush in Niger on October 4, 2017, by Islamist militants of the local Daesh offshoot, Islamic State in the Greater Sahara (ISGS).
As the Pentagon's investigation into the incident draws to a close, the families of the US soldiers who lost their lives in Niger that day may finally be getting some answers regarding how and why their loved ones died: Col. Rob Manning, a Pentagon spokesperson, said Monday that the military is "currently in the process of briefing the families of those fallen soldiers in order to provide them with the results of the investigation."
News about the family meetings follows an April 6 briefing to Congress in which Marine Gen. Thomas Waldhauser, the commander of US Africa Command (AFRICOM), said that the investigation was "exhaustive" and "very, very detailed," but that Secretary of Defense James Mattis still needed to approve the resulting report before Waldhauser could testify about its findings.
© AFP 2018 / DOMINIQUE FAGET Eyes Over Africa: US Building Huge New Drone Base in Central Niger
Congress will get those details after the slain soldiers' families have all been briefed on the report, which Mattis in early February said was thousands of pages long. After Congress gets its turn, then the American public will get theirs.
Waldhauser is expected to give a public briefing as early as this week alongside Army Maj. Gen. Roger Cloutier, who led the investigation, but Waldhauser cautioned to the House Armed Services Committee on March 6 that the process of briefing families could take "a couple of weeks."
The US has roughly 800 soldiers in the West African nation, but they are not allowed to participate in combat missions, as they are ostensibly restricted to their "advise and assist" role, leaving them tasked mostly with reconnaissance and surveillance missions.
© REUTERS / Dado Ruvic ‘Depravity': Daesh Releases Propaganda Video of Deadly Niger Ambush
The October 4 mission was supposed to be a typical reconnaissance operation, where US and Nigerien forces were to meet with local leaders to seek intelligence. But somehow, US and Nigerien forces wound up hunting for Doundou Chefou, a commander in the ISGS, instead. On their way back to base, the soldiers were ambushed by the jihadists.
AFRICOM's preliminary investigation found that a junior officer subbing in for a regional commander on paternity leave ordered the mission change-up, according to a February article in the New York Times. An updated version of the report indicated that soldiers went rogue in their hunt for the Daesh commander, lacking the necessary approval to go after a senior militant.
The soldiers went to the last known location of Chefou but, finding it abandoned, went back to Tongo Tongo for supplies, according to the most recent version of the report cited by AP. They were overrun shortly after leaving.
ISGS is suspected to have fewer than 100 fighters, although somewhere close to that number ambushed the American and Nigerien forces in the incident, killing four US troops and five Nigeriens.
Stephen King has apologized for claiming this week's fatal train crash, which carried Republican congressmen, was “karma.”
King had responded on Twitter to this week's fatal train crash, which was carrying Republican congressmen and killed one person, by claiming it was “karma” on Thursday.
“A trainload of Republicans on their way to a pricey retreat hit a garbage truck. My friend Russ calls that karma,” he posted, receiving over 21,000 likes.
King, however, soon apologized, declaring, “Of COURSE sorry the truck driver died.” (Christopher Foley, the passenger in the truck, passed away from his injuries).
Of COURSE sorry the truck driver died. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) February 1, 2018
“A rather thoughtless tweet from me concerning the train-truck crash, for which I apologize (if one is necessary),” he said. “It should be pointed out, too, that those Republican politicians, who can be heartless when they vote, immediately got out to help.”
A rather thoughtless tweet from me concerning the train-truck crash, for which I apologize (if one is necessary). It should be pointed out, too, that those Republican politicians, who can be heartless when they vote, immediately got out to help. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) February 1, 2018
The apology received fewer likes than the post calling the train crash “karma,” which King has yet to delete.
As previously reported, the Amtrak train which was carrying dozens of Republican members of Congress and staff crashed into a truck, killing one person and injuring others:
Christopher Foley, 28, the passenger of the garbage truck that hit the train, died from his injuries. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ), Rep, Thomas Massie (R-KY), and Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) were all on the train as it crashed. King, a prominent left-wing activist in Hollywood, has been a vocal critic of President Trump — demanding his removal from office last year.
Seven weeks on from Northern Ireland's election, and parties are reported to have begun preparations for another ballot.
It's several weeks since the power-sharing assembly collapsed, and at this stage Sinn Féin and the DUP have failed to reach a deal on forming Government.
Sinn Féin is calling on the Irish Government to intervene and insist a second vote is called.
Belfast-based correspondent Alan Murray says preparations are already underway for another election:
ALAMEDA, Calif. — Raiders quarterback Derek Carr was limited for a second consecutive practice Friday and coach Jack Del Rio declined to say what, if any, role Carr will have this weekend against the Baltimore Ravens.
Carr broke a bone in his back late in the third quarter of Oakland's 16-10 loss in Denver this past Sunday. He was initially diagnosed with back spasms but the injury was later revealed to be a transverse process fracture.
Earlier this week, Del Rio indicated that Carr would miss the Baltimore game and possibly up to six weeks but the fourth-year quarterback was cleared for light practice Thursday and Friday and is listed as questionable.
Carr leads a long list of players on the injury list. Del Rio declined to discuss any of them.
"Before you even have to ask, there are a lot of question marks on the injury report and that's what they are," Del Rio said. "I'm not going to really talk about injuries and what we may and may not do or who we may or may not play or when and all that kind of stuff, when we're going to utilize people. Not going to get into all of that.
"We do have a number of people who are questionable. We have time before we tee it up. They'll remain a question mark until we make the final decision."
The Raiders have already named EJ Manuel as the starter for Sunday. The 16th overall pick in 2013, Manuel has started seven games since his rookie season and will be tasked with trying to jump-start an offence that has been held to 10 points in each of the last two weeks.
"I've been in this situation before even when I was in college," Manuel said. "Then when I was in Buffalo, when Tyrod (Taylor) became the starter, still just being ready as the backup. It kind of puts me in familiar territory."
Connor Cook, a fourth-round draft pick in 2016, also is on the roster but has been inactive in each of Oakland's first four games.
The Raiders have been mostly quiet regarding Carr's status this week, although left tackle Donald Penn told reporters Thursday that the quarterback was ahead of schedule in his recovery.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TORONTO - No one knows why a rental van plowed into Toronto pedestrians for nearly a mile, except for the driver himself.
By the end of the melee on Monday, 10 pedestrians were killed. Another 15 were injured. And now, the suspect is in custody, though the reason for the devastation remains unclear.
"Obviously all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motive behind it," Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday.
Investigators hope to get more answers when the suspect, Alek Minassian of Richmond Hill, Ontario, appears in court at 10 a.m. ET Tuesday.
So far, officials aren't calling this an act of terrorism. "There would appear to be no national security connection," Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said.
But Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said "it's very clear just from a general perspective to say that the actions definitely look deliberate."
The van sped down a busy street Monday with reckless abandon, swerving into the wrong lanes of traffic and careening onto a sidewalk.
Minassian was arrested in a white rental van less than 30 minutes after police received a 911 call, Saunders said.
He said Toronto authorities hadn't had previous contact with the 25-year-old suspect. But a US law enforcement official with knowledge of the matter said Minassian was known to authorities.
Clue emerges from Facebook
Investigators found a Facebook account they believe belongs to Minassian, CNN law enforcement analyst Josh Campbell said.
A message posted on the account earlier Monday read: "All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!"
Campbell said investigators believe the post refers to the man who killed six and injured 14 in a drive-by shooting and vehicle ramming attack near the University of California Santa Barbara campus in 2014. Rodger later died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Investigators said Rodger was motivated to carry out his attack by a personal grievance related to his immersion in the extremist ideological subculture of men's rights activists, who believe women don't actually want gender equality and have been brainwashed by feminist propaganda.
A mile-long scene of carnage
Authorities said Minassian left a trail of destruction nearly a mile long, north of midtown Toronto.
"Based on witness accounts, we have a vehicle that started north on Yonge Street from Finch (Avenue) and drove southbound at some point in times on sidewalks, at some point in times driving southbound in northbound lanes," Saunders said, adding that it appeared to be a deliberate act.
Ten people were transported to Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre and two were declared dead at the hospital. Five patients there were in critical condition. Two other patients were taken to St. Michael's Hospital, but their conditions are unknown.
'Scene from a war zone'
Diego DeMatos was one of the good Samaritans who tried to save victims.
DeMatos said he was driving north on Yonge when he saw the van driving fast southbound. He said he saw the van hit a man and a woman.
"Blood started gushing out of his head, and she was bleeding really badly, too," DeMatos told CNN.
At first, he thought the collision was a hit-and-run. But then he noticed four to five victims on the ground as he drove a few meters further.
DeMatos said he stopped to help another victim, who was already being aided by someone.
"I went over to try to perform CPR on him. ... He died in our arms," DeMatos said.
"It was like a scene from a war zone. There were garbage cans everywhere, broken bus shelters and mailboxes on the ground."
A dramatic arrest
Cell phone video obtained by CNN partner CTV appears to show a tense standoff with a suspect after the incident. Police have not said whether the person in the video was Minassian.
The footage appears to show a man standing in front of a white van with a damaged front bumper. The man is yelling and extending one arm, pointing an object at an officer standing behind a black car.
The officer has his weapon drawn and pointed at the man. The officer slowly steps toward him and yells "Get down, get down!"
Later in the video, the man is seen on the ground and the officer is cuffing his hands behind him; the object can be seen lying on the ground off to the side.
As for whether the suspect had a weapon, "There's nothing that indicates he has a gun," Saunders said.
Trudeau offered his condolences to the families of the victims. He thanked first responders, who he said "faced danger without hesitation, and their efforts no doubt saved lives and prevented further injuries."
"We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities," he said. "We are monitoring this situation closely, and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians."
'If we are going to work on Uber 2.0, I also need to work on Travis 2.0 to become the leader that this company needs and that you deserve,' the Uber CEO writes in an email to employees
Published 2:16 AM, June 14, 2017
SAN FRANCISCO, USA – Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick announced Tuesday, June 13, he would take an indefinite leave of absence as the embattled ridesharing giant unveiled steps to reform a corporate culture marred by a series of embarrassing revelations.
"It's hard to put a timeline on this – it may be shorter or longer than we might expect," the 40-year-old Kalanick said in an email to Uber employees.
"If we are going to work on Uber 2.0, I also need to work on Travis 2.0 to become the leader that this company needs and that you deserve."
Kalanick said one of the reasons for his stepping aside was the recent death of his mother, explaining that "I need to take some time off of the day-to-day to grieve" and "to reflect, to work on myself, and to focus on building out a world-class leadership team."
Uber simultaneously released a 13-page document calling for major reforms at the company based on a probe led by former US attorney general Eric Holder, who investigated allegations of misconduct and ethical lapses.
The report, recommendations of which were adopted by the board, said Uber "should reformulate its written cultural values because it is vital that they reflect more inclusive and positive behaviors."
It said this should be based on "values that are more inclusive and contribute to a collaborative environment, including emphasizing teamwork and mutual respect, and incorporating diversity and inclusiveness as a key cultural value, not just as an end in itself, but as a fundamental aspect of doing good business."
The Holder investigation was aimed at cleaning up a corporate culture marred by accusations of harassment, discrimination, and cutthroat practices to thwart rivals and evade regulators.
Uber has been facing pressure to rein in a no-holds-barred management style led by Kalanick and to reform its workplace culture.
It also faces questions about its covert use of law enforcement-evading software and tactics apparently aimed at disrupting rivals in the ridesharing business. – Rappler.com
Police say seaman Lucindo Lim shot his neighbor, 37-year-old Daniel Melczer, after a heated argument over firecrackers
MANILA, Philippines – A Hungarian restaurateur was killed in an upscale subdivision in Pavia, Iloilo, on Sunday, January 1, following a heated argument with a neighbor on the use of firecrackers on New Year's Eve.
Chief Superintendent Jose Gentilles, Police Regional Office 6 chief, said the suspect, Lucindo Lim, shot 37-year-old Hungarian Daniel Melczer after a heated argument on the latter's use of firecrackers in front of the suspect's home in Avida subdivision.
Gentilles said that the shooting incident happened at 1:10 am on Sunday. He said Melczer sustained gunshot wounds on the forehead, upper right ear, left arm, and right knee, causing his death.
The PRO6 chief said the motive was "anger at the victim who accosted the suspect for igniting firecrackers near the victim's house gate that caused alarm and discomfort to their...pet dogs."
Lim, a 42-year-old seaman, was arrested and detained at the the Pavia Municipal Police Station. Police recovered from him a .9mm pistol with magazine assembly and a .45 caliber pistol.
Authorities also recovered from the crime scene 7 fired cartridges and one live cartridge, which had been turned over to the regional police.
Police said that Melczer, who is married to a Filipina, owns a restaurant in Jaro, Iloilo City. – Rappler.com
A local man who recently died of cancer made one special request to people attending his funeral.
Scroll for more content...
Dennis Wright asked everybody to buy shoes for children rather than flowers for his service.
"Growing up in Saginaw his family had limited means," said Bryan Wright, Dennis' son. "A pair of shoes he'd have to outwear until there were holes in them and he was always excited to get a new pair of shoes."
His son said before the service started, the floor was covered with shoes.
The family is sending out a big thank you to the community for their overwhelming support.
All the shoes will be donated to help out less fortunate families in Mid-Michigan.
TORONTO — With fans chanting his name, Toronto FC captain Michael Bradley said the club will bask in its MLS Cup win a little while longer before getting to work on a second title.
Thousands of fans packed into Nathan Phillips Square today for a fan rally celebrating Toronto FC's first ever MLS Cup victory.
Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field on Saturday, becoming the first Canadian team to win the title.
Bradley told the fans he had immersed himself in Toronto's sports culture and said his team will work hard to emulate the Blue Jays' back-to-back World Series titles in 1992 and 1993.
JAMES CITY COUNTY, Va. — When a Williamsburg mom pulled over to help victims of a car crash over Easter weekend, she says she had no idea her 12-year-old daughter would end up being the hero that day.
Brandie Weiler and her two daughters, Maddie (12) and Mollie (7) were on their way to Busch Gardens on Saturday when they all witnessed an accident on the corner of John Taylor Highway and Greensprings Road.
“We saw the car crash happen right before us, two cars in front of us,” Maddie told affiliate WTKR.
Maddie's mom pulled over to help, but while she was on the phone with 911, she says the man who caused the accident, later identified as Paul Salsman, approached her van with her two girls inside.
“I could see him going towards the van, and I'm screaming,” said Weiler.
While the girls were waiting for their mom, Maddie and police say Salsman approached their van, stuck his hand inside the car, unlocked the door and climbed in.
“He was saying all these things like, ‘Let's go' and ‘I need to get to this place',” Maddie said.
He tried to take off, but Maddie was ready for a fight.
“I just went for it,” she said. “Nothing passed my mind except, ‘He is a psycho and he needs to get out of the car.'”
Maddie started punching the man and screaming for help. But she did one more thing to help protect her and her sister.
“I put the car in drive because that is a safety feature on the van, and held it there,” said Maddie. With the transmission in drive, Maddie knew there was no way Salsman would be able to start the car.
Her actions allowed her little sister Mollie to make it out of the vehicle safely.
“I thought he was going to take us,” Mollie said, but she quickly learned she would be safe as she watches her older sister give Salsman a beat down. “It was amazing because she has never done that.”
Maddie hails from a family of police officers and firefighters. Her parents, Brandie and Steven Weiler, say they had gone over situations like this numerous times with their children.
“She has always been told if anyone tries to take you, kick, scream, bite, hit, gouge out their eyes, whatever you have to do,” said Steven.
But even he says Maddie's decision to throw the car in drive to keep the engine from starting surprised him.
“This could have been an Amber Alert had it not been for her thinking.”
Salsman was charged with three counts of felony carjacking, felony hit and run and driving under the influence of drugs. Police say he tried to steal two other vehicles before they arrived. They say Salsman has to be tased two times before he was finally taken into custody.
Meanwhile, Maddie suffered a fractured growth plate in her wrist for her bravery, but she has advice to other girls who may find themselves in her position: never, ever give up.
“Just fight them.”
Yahoo remained mum about the hack until more than 2 years later when it was being acquired by US telecom giant Verizon, US regulators say
Published 11:36 AM, April 25, 2018
SAN FRANCISCO, USA – US securities regulators on Tuesday, April 24, announced that Altaba, will pay a $35 million penalty for not telling them hackers had stolen Yahoo's "crown jewels."
The 2014 breach blamed on Russian hackers affected hundreds of millions of Yahoo accounts, with stolen "crown jewel" data including usernames, email addresses, phone numbers, birthdates, encrypted passwords, and security questions, according to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
While Yahoo discovered the data breach quickly, it remained mum about it until more than two years later when it was being acquired by telecom giant Verizon Communications, the SEC case maintained.
"Yahoo's failure to have controls and procedures in place to assess its cyber-disclosure obligations ended up leaving its investors totally in the dark about a massive data breach," SEC San Francisco regional office director Jina Choi said in a release.
"Public companies should have controls and procedures in place to properly evaluate cyber incidents and disclose material information to investors."
Although Yahoo is no longer an independent company – its financial holdings are in a separate company now called Altaba – Verizon has continued to operate the Yahoo brand, including its email service and a variety of news and entertainment websites, under an umbrella company called Oath.
Oath includes the Yahoo internet operations along with those of another former internet star, AOL.
In addition to the 2014 breach, a hack the previous year affected all three billion Yahoo user accounts, according to findings disclosed by Verizon after the acquisition.
The US Justice Department charged two Russian intelligence operatives and a pair of hackers over one of the attacks, which had apparent twin goals of espionage and financial gain.
Yahoo, which was once one of the leading internet firms, sold its main online operations to Verizon last year in a deal valued at $4.48 billion.
The purchase price was cut following revelations of the two major data breaches at Yahoo. – Rappler.com
Some of the islands will experience some windy conditions throughout the day on Wednesday, the National Weather Service said.
A wind advisory is in effect until 6 p.m. for central Maui, north and east areas of the Big Island, all of Lanai and Kahoolawe.
Northeasterly winds are expected to be between 20 to 40 mph, with localized gusts over 50 mph.
Forecasters say winds this strong can knock down tree branches and trigger sporadic power outages.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
© REUTERS/ Philippe Wojazer Two Suspects in Terrorist Attack Preparation Detained in France
–
PARIS (Sputnik)French President Francois Hollande praised police and security forces on Tuesday for a successful detention of two suspected bombers in Marseille who planned an imminent attack in France.
"All I can say is that our services and police officers have done a remarkable job to arrest two persons who will now face judges and police so that we could learn their exact motives. It is a remarkable detention," Hollande said in a televised address.
Interior Minister Matthias Fekl said the men, aged 23 and 29, were known to security agencies. They were detained early on Tuesday in the southern port city on suspicion of preparing a terrorist attack ahead of this Sunday's presidential elections.
Police searched the house the suspects were held in and found explosive substances similar to highly volatile TATP as well as weapons.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Insys Therapeutics Inc:
* INSYS THERAPEUTICS ADDRESSES NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL‘S COMPLAINT
* INSYS THERAPEUTICS - ‍INTEND TO CONTINUE WORKING COLLABORATIVELY WITH ALL RELEVANT AUTHORITIES TO RESOLVE OUTSTANDING GOVERNMENTAL INVESTIGATIONS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Hawking's last and most intriguing theory has emerged, shedding light on parallel universes.
Colleagues of the renowned physicist, who spent most of his life in a wheelchair, have revealed the science popularizer's final academic paper, in which he shares the exact mathematical data to be used by spacecraft in search for so-called "multiple big bangs."
The paper, titled "A Smooth Exit from Eternal Inflation," may appear to be the most ground-breaking in Hawking's overall scientific legacy.
Stephen Hawking arguably did more for the ascendance of nerd culture than Bill Gates and Steve Jobs put together. He was a living challenge to the laws of nature he wanted to bring into a single "theory of everything" https://t.co/0ZUWbEw6Ct pic.twitter.com/A8QiSc7hWL — Bloomberg View (@BV) 14 марта 2018 г.
As early as 1983, Hawking came up with a "no-boundary" theory which assumed that the universe came into being after the big bang occurred. It was presumably accompanied by an array of smaller explosions, leading to a wealth of worlds featuring their own natural laws, Hawking posited. The theory, however, hit a roadblock, as it rendered it impossible to measure such a "multiverse."
© AFP 2018/ Desiree Martin Heritage of the Great: Hawking Questioned Fundamental Physics - Analyst
In view of the most recent update, these calculations are now possible. What is most important about the message put forward in the publication is that the multiverse has presumably cast an imprint on the background radiation penetrating our universe and this is measurable with a special detector put on a spaceship, Carlos Frenk, professor of cosmology at Durham University, told The Sunday Times.
READ MORE: India Remembers Hawking's 'Math is India's National Characteristic' Statement
String theory, super symmetry and a multiverse—was this Stephen Hawking's theory of everything? https://t.co/fqnY0K2bY9 pic.twitter.com/YtkWXsb5Cs — Newsweek (@Newsweek) 19 марта 2018 г.
Despite his last work being promising indeed, it also states that the long-term prospect does not look that bright, as the universe is expected to fall back into oblivion once there is no stellar energy left.
One of the late Stephen Hawking's widely accepted theories is that black holes are not black. — heed_worthy (@heed_worthy) 18 марта 2018 г.
Stephen Hawking died on March 14, aged 76, having suffered from a rare motor-neurone disease since his early twenties.
ANKARA (Sputnik) - A correspondent from Turkey's Anadolu news agency Sarp Ozer, who was covering his country's military operation in the northern Syrian district of Afrin, was injured on Friday, the agency reported.
A mortar shell exploded near Ozer, hitting him in a leg and arm. The correspondent was delivered to a state hospital in the southern province of Hatay and is reportedly in stable condition.
Meanwhile, the Turkish forces have captured Darmik mountain in northern Syria during its military operation against Kurdish forces in Syria's Afrin district, local media reported on Friday. According to the Anadolu news agency, the Turkish troops raised their national flag on top of the mountain, which had been used by the Kurdish forces to shell the Turkish border city of Kilis.
On Friday, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu criticized the Western countries over lack of their response to the alleged killing of Turkish civilians by shelling of the Kurdish forces from the Syrian border district of Afrin.
"Why are certain [Western] countries trying to ignore the terrorists' actions? Why do not you protect the rights of those Turkish civilians killed in shelling? Do [the Turkish civilians] have to be terrorists for you to protect their rights?" Cavusoglu told reporters.
On January 20, the Turkish Armed Forces launched a joint operation with the Free Syrian Army opposition forces against the Kurdish forces in Afrin. The district is controlled by the US-backed the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and Democratic Union Party (PYD) militias, which Ankara considers affiliates of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), designated as a terrorist organization in Turkey and several other countries.
According to the Turkish leadership, Ankara's ongoing Afrin operation is aimed at clearing the country's border with Syria from terrorist presence. Ankara considers the People's Protection Units (YPG), part of the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces, being linked to the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), which is listed as terrorist organization in Turkey.
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim has said that the Kurdish forces have fired over 80 rockets on the Turkish border areas from northern Syria since the start of Ankara's operation.
The SDF has accused Ankara of staging attack against civilians living in the Turkish border areas and trying to frame the SDF to justify its own attacks on the SDF-held Afrin.
Turkey has repeatedly condemned the United States for providing various kinds of support, including arms deliveries, to the Syrian Kurds.
However, Damascus has also firmly condemned the operation as an assault on Syria's sovereignty. Moscow called on the parties involved for restraint and respect for the Syrian territorial integrity.
LONDON GlaxoSmithKline's new CEO Emma Walmsley, who takes over on April 1, has won a short-term reprieve from the threat of generic Advair with a delay in U.S. approval for Mylan's copy of the blockbuster lung inhaler.
Shares in the British drugmaker gained 0.7 percent in early London trading on Thursday on the news.
It is unclear how long Mylan will have to wait to get its version of the asthma and chronic lung disease medicine on the market, after receiving a so-called complete response letter (CRL) from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
If the delay is down to a minor issue, Mylan could refile within two months and get an FDA response as early as July 2017.
But more fundamental issues and deeper FDA concerns about generic Advair copies might push back approval by as much as two years, according to Peel Hunt analysts.
That is a worry for other firms hoping to sell substitutable generic Advair in the big U.S. market. Shares in Hikma, which hopes to hear back from the FDA by May 10 on its generic application, fell 1 percent and those in its partner Vectura dropped 2 percent by 0735 GMT.
Nonetheless, analysts are convinced that generic Advair is coming.
"It is still likely that U.S. Advair will ultimately be genericised in the near future. In this context, any delay is likely to be simply viewed as a short-term cash-flow benefit to GlaxoSmithKline," Jefferies analysts said in a note to investors.
GSK said it had noted Mylan's CRL announcement late on Wednesday, adding that the possible introduction of generic Advair in the United States this year was "an event we have anticipated and planned for".
The company said in February that core earnings per share, in constant currencies, would be flat to slightly lower in 2017, if substitutable Advair generics arrive in the United States by mid-year. If they don't launch, EPS should rise between 5 and 7 percent.
If generics do arrive by mid-2017, GSK has forecast Advair's U.S. sales will be around 1 billion pounds ($1.24 billion), down from 1.83 billion in 2016.
GSK has a raft of newer respiratory medicines to help fill the gap left by declining sales of Advair and Britain's biggest drugmaker believes it can maintain its leadership position in treatments for lung disorders.
(Editing by David Evans)
92% of men with dad bods are satisfied with their marriage while 86% are content with their life overall. Plus, not only do 60% of men not feel judged for having a dad bod, but 61% say that rockin' a dad bod invokes a sense of pride.
Read the whole article here.
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
To beat a promotion rival and therefore replace them in the play-off positions was a huge result against a form team when we beat Southend at home 1-0 on Saturday, February 11.
It wasn't the best performance and we enjoyed some luck but we won't be dwelling on the negatives and instead focus on the positives, which include winning despite having three first-teamers out.
We knew Ben Thompson was facing a late fitness test but arriving at the ground to find that midfield partner Shaun Williams was also out along with striker Lee Gregory supporters were concerned.
But the midfield pairing of Calum Butcher and Jimmy Abdou took their opportunity of a rare start and, up front, Fred Onyedinma caused lots of problems for the Shrimpers' defence.
Fred had a load of pace and skill and this season has delivered on the promise he has shown for a few seasons.
The youngster is out of contract at the summer and the club are looking to sign him up on a longer deal but it seems his agent is proving elusive.
We kept up the push for play-offs with a dominant 2-0 win at home against Port Vale on Tuesday, February 15.
Goals from Aiden O'Brien and Jake Cooper were enough to see off the struggling Potteries side.
We should have scored more goals but getting the win is the most important thing.
Our focus does change this Saturday as we entertain the league champions Leicester City in the FA Cup fifth round.
The Foxes are certain to rest lots of first choice players with a big match against Seville on the Wednesday night and a Premier League fight for survival on their hands.
We need to replicate our high tempo game which worked with good effect against Bournemouth and Watford and that will give us a chance of progressing.
We look like having a near full house against Leicester City and the atmosphere should drive our players on to further cup glory.
Follow The Wharf on Twitter @the_wharf .
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook .
Editor's note: This Q&A is sponsored by Georgia State University's Robinson College of Business.
Name: Mohammad Qais Nasimi
City and country where you're from: Kabul, Afghanistan
Employer and title (if applicable): Independent Consultant
Global Atlanta: What made this program right for you? Why did you choose the MIB instead of an MBA or another business degree at a different institution?
There were a few things that were considered while choosing the program initially. My undergraduate degree was a BBA and I wanted to do something different.
Secondly, I consider myself a global citizen (born and raised in Afghanistan, traveled the world and now studying in the U.S.) so this MIB would give me another opportunity to travel and interact with people from different background.
Global Atlanta: How important was it — from a cost and time perspective — that the degree is only one year?
Mr. Nasimi: The cost was not bad, comparing with other similar programs across the U.S. The time concern was very important for me, as I knew I'd be working full-time, handling my family here in the U.S. and my parents in Afghanistan while remaining socially active (especially helping new refugees resettle to the U.S.)
Global Atlanta: What drew you to Georgia State and convinced you that this program was the right type of learning environment for you, both from an academic perspective and looking at the city of Atlanta?
From an academic point of view, I learnt that Georgia State University is one of the best amongst the business schools across the U.S. Hands-on simulations and field visits helped me develop a few required skills like virtual global teaming, international negotiation and market analysis.
Looking at the city of Atlanta, it has a lot to offer, from corporate America to entrepreneurial opportunities, as well as an affordable cost of living and ease of commute to and from the university.
Which programmatic aspects of the MIB do you feel are the most unique and beneficial for your real-world career?
The program was well-designed over all, but I feel that international negotiation, policy and strategy in international marketplace, startups and international legal process were the most unique and beneficial for my real-world career.
How is this program different from what is offered in your country, and what about Atlanta makes it a great place to learn global business?
It is totally different in that it's designed to meet the demands of global experts. In my country the curricula are not up to date and case studies are lacking. Student participation is minimal. Atlanta gives you an opportunity to interact with all different backgrounds, which is crucial for global business.
What did you learn about the U.S. business environment in the process of learning about how Americans view global business?
The U.S. business environment is very favorable, very dependent on personal effort. It's a land of opportunity for all entrepreneurially minded people. Succeeding is tough but possible, and I noticed that Americans are proactive, willing to take risk and ready to enter any market that has something to offer.
Can you share one or more experiential aspects of the program — study-abroad trip, guest speakers or field visits — that really brought home a lesson that would have been hard to learn in the classroom?
The guest speakers contributed significantly to our learning process through sharing their personal and professional experiences. It gave an opportunity to take another look at my skill sets and reshape them in order to respond effectively in a competitive environment such as the U.S. All our guest speakers had to start from somewhere, and that was helpful to see.
Field visits were helpful too. We learned how businesses work and what were their biggest challenges, whether working for somebody or having their own business. Overall it was a great experience.
What was the most meaningful thing you learned through the program about crossing borders and reaching into new cultures when conducting business?
I learned a lot but will highlight a few here:
1. Respect everybody no matter their status and background
2. Build relationships and networks across the globe
3. Trade-off (give something in order to get something)
4. Be proactive and don't wait for the very last minute
5. Coordinate and communicate effectively and in a timely manner
6. Do not assume anything
7. Listen very carefully and ask questions
Now armed with the MIB, what's your next move?
I am in the process of brainstorming for both domestic and global startup ideas, or I could go work for corporate America for whoever provides me the best offer.
Then he wrote: “Me taking this time right now is me saying I want to be SUSTAINABLE. I want my career to be sustainable, but I also want my mind heart (sic) and soul to be sustainable. So that I can be the man I want to be, the husband I eventually want to be and the father I want to be.”
While the repeated use of “sustainable” made him sound like endangered cod, it turns out Bieber was swimming with sincerity. He had gazed into the abyss of celebrity malfeasance and winced at his antics. He hated what he had become.
He wasn't ducking responsibility. He was climbing on top of it.
And now when I gaze into my Bieber crystal ball, I don't see mug shots and international incidents. I see wedding vows and car seats in the back of a supercar. I see Bieber erasing the folly of his past by striving for a better tomorrow.
I see him eventually ferrying his kids to little league and coming home with anniversary roses. I see Bieber and Baldwin — or maybe it'll be Selena Gomez at the altar — hosting dinner parties with other shockingly boring married couples who nibble on canapés while debating politics, private schools and luxury vacations.
I see Bieber removing his tattoos and giving Bible lessons to troubled youth. I see him knocking it off with the PDA — in the last two weeks Bieber and Baldwin have made out in public more times than Nikki Bella and John Cena have broken up — and gradually protecting his relationship inside a cocoon of privacy, where publicity is no longer craved and growing old together is the unspoken goal.
And you know what? We should all be happy for him.
Sure, I may professionally mourn the loss of a reliable crap-disturber. If Bieber isn't spitting on fans or vandalizing foreign monuments, if he isn't getting into trouble, this will likely cost me six to eight columns over the next five years. But while a part of me may secretly wish for drama between Bieber and The Weeknd, or an incident in which Bieber is arrested for dropkicking a sports mascot, there shall be no requiem for a bad boy, not today.
Justin Bieber was a lost soul adrift in a playground of material excess. Fame didn't sneak up on him — it took him hostage. He was a superstar teen with unlimited potential and resources, but dubious supervision and guidance.
Throughout his meteoric rise, Bieber's life was going sideways.
Now he's altering the trajectory.
At long last, now he's finally in control.
Vinay Menon is the Toronto Star's pop culture columnist based in Toronto. Follow him on Twitter: @vinaymenon
By: Rebecca Turco
Email: rturco@abc6.com
WASHINGTON, D.C. (WLNE) – The news of the shooting during practice for a congressional baseball game in Alexandria, Virginia cast a cloud over Capitol Hill.
"This is a senseless and tragic act of violence," Sen. Jack Reed (D-RI) told ABC6 News. “It's a very somber mood today.”
What should have been a light-hearted practice for a charity congressional baseball game took a dark turn. "I pray for a quick recovery for all of them," Rep. Jim Langevin (D-RI) said.
Langevin has always appreciated attending the game. "It's one of those rare moments of levity and bipartisanship where members come together and they're all in good fun for a good cause,” he explained. “It's a terrible shame that someone, who for whatever twisted reasons, came out and targeted members of congress and staff and others."
Langevin joined members of the House and Senate at an emergency briefing after the attack. "The security situation around here is a bit more tense," he said.
Amidst the investigation, the focus is security. "We are in a situation now where we have to analyze what took place and what steps we can take to prevent it from happening in the future," said Reed.
© WLNE-TV 2017
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HOPEWELL, Va. -- Steven Burke lost his home to fire, but the single father's American flag is helping to keep his spirit alive.
The flag was given to Burke by his father -- a World War II veteran -- before he died.
It was the only thing Burke could salvage from his Hopewell home after it caught fire in August.
Burke spent his life's savings to pay off the house where he raised his three children.
He said he was in the midst of an unfortunate lapse in insurance when his home caught fire.
He said when he paid off his house, his insurance payment would automatically get taken out of his account.
One month there wasn't enough funds to cover the insurance and he got dropped.
He said never renewed or asked for help.
Burke said when he is finally able to rebuild a home, he planned to give his dad's American flag a special place on the mantle.
Watch the Burke's emotional story Monday night on the CBS 6 News at 5:30.
Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-SC) left congressional Republicans' baseball practice mere minutes before a gunman opened fire there, injuring several people including a member of House leadership. Duncan didn't learn about what happened until after he had returned to the Capitol, showered, changed, and then got a call from a former member of Congress asking if he was among the wounded.
“That's the first I heard of it,” Duncan told reporters in the basement of the Capitol.
Then, he said, it slowly dawned on him that as he was leaving the field just after 7 a.m., he had a brief interaction with a strange man who he now believes to be the shooting suspect, identified by several news outlets as 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson.
“I actually fist pumped [Rep. Steve] Scalise on the way off the field, because I ran around the mound,” Duncan recounted. “And then we get to the parking lot….[Rep. Ron] DeSantis is already in the car. I am getting in when this guy approaches.”
“He looked like a normal resident,” Duncan said. “He had on a reddish-colored shirt. Nothing in his hands at all, that I noticed. I didn't think anything of it because that's a public exercise area. There's a YMCA. There's a dog park. For seven years I've practiced out there and seen a lot of residents exercising and watching us.”
This interaction, however, stood out to him as different.
“He knew it was members of Congress playing, but he asked me if we were Democrats or Republicans,” Duncan continued. “I told him it's the Republican team. He said, ‘Okay, thanks,' and turned around,” Duncan said. “It was the guy they identified later as the shooter. And now that the Washington Post has released the picture I know it was the guy. There's no doubt in my mind.”
Once he made the connection, Duncan says he called the Alexandria, Virginia Police Department to give a witness statement and later drove to their office to give it again in person.
Authorities have not divulged any information about the suspect in the baseball practice shooting, and Tim Slater, the FBI special agent in charge of the investigation, said in a press conference that it was too early to say whether the gunman targeted the lawmakers. But Duncan said that based on what the red-shirted man said to him, he believes the members were targeted because they were Republicans.
“I'm shaken up,” he said. “My colleagues were targeted today by somebody that wanted to kill us.”
Other House Republicans who were still on the field when the shooting occurred gave their accounts of the shooting to various reporters and TV networks, tearing up as they recalled how Capitol Police officers took down the gunman and saved their lives.
Rep. Mike Conaway (R-TX) said he was on first base when the bullets began to fly.
“People started running off the field. I went behind the first base dugout, trying to see where the shooter was. Scalise was down in the outfield. One of the staffers was down behind a car, having been shot in the chest,” he recalled. “The shooter was still shooting and two Capitol Police officers were returning fire. I was trying to point the guy out to them. One bullet hit a tire and ricocheted to hit a Capitol Police woman in the ankle. She goes down. The Alexandria Police began to engage and between them and the remaining Capitol Police officer fighting, they got the guy to drop his rifle and then they shoot him. They put him in handcuffs.”
“Had the gunman gotten inside the fence, gotten into the dugout where much of the team was holed up, it could have been much worse,” he added. “He would have been shooting fish in a barrel.”
A tearful Rep. Joe Barton (R-TX), still wearing his baseball uniform with his grey hair covered by a red cap, told reporters that his 10-year-old son had been with him at the field when the shooting occurred.
“The real heroes are the officers who attacked the shooter and in doing so probably saved many, many lives,” said Barton, his voice cracking with emotion.
Following a briefing on the shooting for all 435 members of the U.S. House, Rep. Martha McSally (R-AZ) told reporters that she and other military veterans were discussing offering PTSD counseling to their colleagues who were shot or witnessed the shooting.
“We kind of know how this feels,” said McSally, who served in the Air Force and deployed to Iraq and Kuwait. “So we're talking about offering ourselves up for some support in a specific way, talking about what kind of things you go through when you see people near you hurt or injured and how that plays out with different emotions. Unfortunately, those feelings are familiar to those of us who have been in combat, so the least we can do is offer some perspectives for what they just when through.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Do you get allergies this time of year?
Blythe Beck, chef and owner of Pink of Magnolia says the remedies for allergies are likely already in your fridge!
For those craving some more end-of-year Linux distribution benchmarks, this morning I finished carrying out a fresh Linux distro comparison focusing upon the Intel OpenGL performance when making use of "Skylake" Iris Pro hardware. For this New Year's Eve benchmarking fun was Ubuntu, Fedora, openSUSE, Antergos, and Clear Linux.The tested operating system releases were Ubuntu 16.04, Ubuntu 16.10, openSUSE Tumbleweed 20161226, Fedora 25, Antergos Linux 16.11, and Clear Linux 12360. With the Ubuntu 16.10 testing I tested it out-of-the-box with Linux 4.8 and Mesa 12.0 and then again with Linux 4.10 Git and Mesa 13.1 Git for a bleeding-edge development experience.
All of the tests were done from the same Intel NUC6i7KYK "Skull Canyon" NUC with a Core i7 6770HQ processor sporting Iris Pro Graphics 580. The same hardware was used throughout, any reported differences in the system table just come down to the OS default and how they are reporting different components.A range of Linux OpenGL games / benchmarks were used for testing, outside of Steam due to the Intel graphics not being the fastest for heavy Steam games among other reasons.With the open-source ET Legacy project remaking Enemy Territory Wolfenstein, at least it's playable with the Iris Pro Graphics 580. The fastest was openSUSE Tumbleweed for this hardware followed by Ubuntu 16.10 with the manual graphics upgrades and then Clear Linux 12360.Barely any difference with OpenArena's frame times.Clear Linux managed a narrow victory with Unigine Heaven.The upgraded Ubuntu 16.10 stack yielded a victory meanwhile for Valley and then Clear Linux was in second.Clear Linux did manage a big victory with Xonotic. Fedora 25 was consistently among the slowest Linux distributions tested in this comparison due to the overhead of XWayland.You can explore more of these EOY2016 Linux distribution benchmark results for Intel Skylake OpenGL graphics via this OpenBenchmarking.org result file . Much more benchmarking in 2017!
Police on Monday afternoon said that vehicles had been trapped in the snow on roads up to Troodos after drivers ignored warnings that many roads were closed.
In their latest update on the road network, police said that there was increased traffic on mountain roads, especially those leading to Troodos, but many cars had been stuck in the snow.
It added that there had been heavy traffic on the Kakopetria-Karvounas and Platres-Troodos roads, and urged the public to follow the instructions of police officers who are on duty in those areas and abide by traffic signs.
According to the latest update, the following roads are closed to all vehicles:
Platres – Troodos
Prodromos – Troodos
Karvounas – Troodos
The road from the Vavatsinia picnic area to Kionia is also closed due to snow.
In Paphos, the forest road from Tzielefos' bridge to Arminou, is closed due to river overflow.
The following roads are open only to vehicles equipped with snow chains or with four-wheel drive:
Kakopetria – Karvounas
Kakopetria – Spilia
Prodromos – Troodos
Pedoulas – Prodromos
Kakopetria – Pinewood – Prodormos – Pedoulas
Pedoulas – Kykkos
The following roads are dangerous due to landslides:
Machairas – Vavatsinia
Kykkos – Kampos
Kykkos – Milikouri
Drivers are urged to be extremely careful, to drive at low speed, to maintain a safe distance from vehicles ahead and keep their car lights on.
Police also warned that drivers must keep in mind that due to constantly changing weather conditions the situation on the roads, especially in mountain areas, presents constant challenges.
For updates visit: https://www.facebook.com/cypolice/ or www.cypruspolicenews.com
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
NASHVILLE (AP) — Nashville International Airport (BNA) has been named the fastest growing airport of its size in the country following a surge in passenger traffic last year.
Airport officials say that more than 12.9 million passengers traveled in and out of BNA last year, an all-time record for the fourth consecutive year in a row. Officials say that was an increase of 11.2 percent from the previous year.
As a result of the increased number of travelers, BNA received the Airport Traffic Growth Award from Airline Network News and Analysis for being the fastest-growing mid-size airport in the nation.
Officials say 2017 promises to be even busier and the airport is projected to surpass the latest figure by more than a million passengers.
As trucks continue to fill up the north portion of the parking lot at Walmart in Great Bend, the thoughts of creating a proper truck stop are revisited over and over. Although there appears to be a need, the City of Great Bend is finding out very few investors are interested in financing a truck stop.
Great Bend Chamber of Commerce CEO Jan Peters worked with two different companies but eventually neither company was interested in building a truck stop. Peters says she has lined up another potential investor with hopes of a different outcome.
Jan Peters Audio
https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/peters-truck-stop.mp3
The City of Great Bend and the Great Bend City Council develop yearly goals they would like to see accomplished or received more attention. Finding investors or developers interested in building a truck stop has been mentioned as a goal for the city multiple times.
A North Tyneside education theatre company has been named Small Supplier of the Year in regional business recognition awards.
Whitley Bay based Gibber picked up the prize at the Northumbrian Water Group (NWG) Going the Extra Mile (GEM) awards.
Gibber was commended for supporting Northumbrian Water in its campaign to educate children, families and the community about water efficiency.
It developed and delivered two innovative Theatre In Education programmes, Super Splash Heroes and You've Been Flushed, using live theatre, films and multi-media.
Gibber director Vicky Blackburn said: “We are honoured to receive the award and are thankful to Northumbrian Water for organising such a fantastic event.
“It was great to see so many companies achieving excellent things by working together.”
Gibber began working with Northumbrian Water in 2016. Its programmes have helped to bring about real change in attitudes towards water usage and waste, teaching that small changes in water-using behaviour can conserve it, reduce blockages and save energy and money.
The awards were presented in a ceremony at the Raddison Blu Hotel in Durham.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Former FBI Director James Comey on Friday afternoon dismissed the newly released House Intelligence Committee memo as a “dishonest and misleading” ploy.
Comey did not explicitly reference the memo in his tweet, but he suggested that publicizing the document only hurt the House Intelligence Committee's relationship with the intelligence community and potentially endangered Americans.
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
Comey has become increasingly vocal on Twitter since he was ousted as FBI director last spring. Particularly over the past few days, he has spoken out to defend the FBI and Andrew McCabe, who recently resigned as deputy director of the bureau.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina — A coach in the lower divisions of Argentine soccer quit after being threatened at gunpoint by a benched player.
Coach Cristian Neira of the Escuela Presidente Roca club, in one of the regional lower divisions in the Cordoba province north of Buenos Aires, quit after midfielder Cesar Pagani pulled a gun during training and demanded to be included in the starting lineup on Thursday, said Emeterio Farias, president of the Cordoba Soccer League.
"The coach quit," Farias said in an interview with Radio Suquia on Friday. "The player threatened him with a gun during training. There's another kid who is playing (in the starting lineup) and the coach thinks he is better, and he has the right to decide who plays."
Farias said Neira decided not to press charges out of fear, but said he reported the incident to the police.
(Adds current salary seventh paragraph)
By Ernest Scheyder
HOUSTON, April 13 U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson received compensation worth $27.4 million last year when he was chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp, the world's largest publicly traded oil producer, regulatory filings showed on Thursday.
He and other senior executives got raises even though Exxon's net income fell more than 50 percent in 2016 as the company, like many of its peers, tried to cut costs and weather a period of low oil prices.
The value of Tillerson's compensation package last year rose about 0.5 percent largely due to a 4 percent boost in his salary to $3.2 million and an 8 percent jump in the value of stock awards to $19.7 million, an Exxon filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission showed.
The value of perquisites Tillerson received from Exxon last year, including personal security and a life insurance policy, rose 7 percent to $575,850.
Tillerson, 65, was nominated by then President-elect Donald Trump to be secretary of state in December. Tillerson retired from Exxon at the end of the year. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in early February.
His current post carries an annual salary of $207,800, according to the federal Office of Personnel Management tables.
As part of an ethics agreement when Tillerson assumed his government post, Tillerson forfeited unvested Exxon stock worth $2.8 million and potential for a bonus of $3.9 million. He also waived his right to retiree health benefits.
Tillerson's vested Exxon stock was put into a trust worth about $180 million at the time, the proceeds of which will be paid out over the next decade, much in the same way proceeds are paid out to all Exxon retirees. The trust is prohibited from investing in Exxon.
Tillerson will not be allowed to work anywhere in the oil and gas industry for the next decade. If he does, the entire trust's value would be donated to a charity that neither he nor Exxon chooses, according to the regulatory filings.
Darren Woods, Exxon's CEO as of January, saw his compensation rise 64 percent last year, when he was Exxon's president, to $16.8 million. Woods saw his base salary rise 36 percent to $1 million and the value of stock and stock option awards, his pension and company perquisites, including the cost of a home security system, rise as well. (Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
JOEY Wright, the head coach of the Adelaide 36ers, was fined $5000 following comments he made after Game 1 of the NBL Grand Final.
The NBL announced the fine on Tuesday afternoon, claiming the comments made in the press conference were ‘inappropriate and warranted a sanction'.
The 36ers accepted the penalty, ahead of Game 3 on Friday.
The comments in question, though not specified by the league, came after Wright was asked if he'd speak to the NBL regarding the officiating in the first game of the series.
LIVE stream the 2017/18 NBL Finals on FOX SPORTS. Get a free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
Wright's response was, “Who should I talk to? Talk to Melbourne about Melbourne?”
Presumably what caught the NBL's attention was the fact that it was an insinuation of nefarious intent by the league and its officials, as opposed to a general criticism of the officiating.
Melbourne United took Game 1 of the series, before the 36ers came storming back to win the second game. Game 3 tips off on Friday, at 7:30pm (AEDT).
***
Olgun Uluc covers basketball for Fox Sports Australia. Twitter: @OlgunUluc
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Boeing may be developing a second prototype as part of the competition to win a contract for the “Stinger,” the US Navy's prospective unmanned aerial refueling tanker, Defense News reports.
A source at Boeing told Defense News late last week that "another MQ-25 prototype could be revealed in short order." In late December, the aerospace and defense contractor unveiled the first sneak peek at their first new drone. The prototype was revealed shortly before the January 3 deadline to submit responses to the Navy's Request for Proposals (RFP). The selection of the winning bid is scheduled for August.
© AP Photo/ Northrop Grumman via U.S. Navy, Erik Hildebrandt Northrop Grumman Drops Stingray Drone Bid
Indeed, a program official at General Atomics all but confirmed that Boeing was helping build a second prototype last month when both companies announced that Boeing Phantom Works and General Atomics Aeronautical Systems had partnered to create a joint bid for the Stingray contract.
"If you think of it from the big Boeing perspective, they've got their prime offering, and they might win, but when General Atomics wins, Boeing will win, too," Chuck Wright, the MQ-25 program director at General Atomics, told USNI News February 20. Wright emphasized "they're covering their bases."
The only other contractor working on a bid is Lockheed Martin. Northrop Grumman announced last October that it had dropped its bid for the Stingray program.
Boeing has their hands in two of the three existing bids because the Chicago-based company "views [the] Navy's MQ-25 carrier-based drone contract as a must-win," according to Loren Thompson, a national security analyst at the Lexington Institute.
Defense News' Valerie Insinna appears not have been apprised of Boeing's recently announced partnership with GA, writing that "the Navy will decide the MQ-25 competition in August, choosing a single vendor and awarding a contract for the four EMD aircraft, with an option for three more test assets." EMD aircraft refer to planes in the engineering and manufacturing development phase, which basically means the equipment hasn't gone into production yet.
SAN DIEGO – Leaders of a plan to erect industrial-sized tents to house San Diego's burgeoning homeless population announced Monday that more than 200 people have endorsed the proposal, including many civic leaders.
Peter Seidler, part of the Padres ownership team, and restaurateur Dan Shea describe their plan as a bridge to the “Housing First” model being adopted across the country to address the homelessness problem.
In Housing First, the homeless not only get off the streets but are also provided necessary social services like substance abuse treatment, health care and job counseling.
Seidler and Shea first announced their plan last month. Among those announcing their backing of the proposal were philanthropist Malin Burnham, San Diego Regional Economic Development Corp. President and CEO Mark Cafferty, developer Doug Manchester and Kris Michell, who heads the Downtown San Diego Partnership.
Rep. Scott Peters, D-San Diego, and county Supervisor Ron Roberts also signed on to the plan.
In January's annual tally of the area's transient population, 5,619 homeless individuals were counted in the city of San Diego, a 10.3 percent increase from last year. Of those, 3,231 were living on the streets.
City and county officials have responded recently with a series of proposals on how to address both homelessness and a lack of affordable housing.
The city of San Diego funded a cold-weather shelter in a tented structure in Barrio Logan for around 30 years. It was shut down for the last time two years ago in favor of a permanent facility run by Father Joe's Villages.
St Helens rugby league club have announced earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation of £10k for the year ended October 31, 2016.
Chairman Eamonn McManus stated: “This is a satisfactory financial performance given the fact that we were knocked out of the Challenge Cup at the first round and that the first half of the season witnessed a dip in performance levels and results.
“We continue to supplement rugby related revenues with other sources emanating from our new stadium facility.
“Changes in the salary cap formula and structure have enabled us to further strengthen the squad for 2017 and it is now all the more important that rugby performances and results improve to enable us to obtain an appropriate investment return.
“The indications at present are all positive and we look forward to the future with confidence.”
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Plastics Inventory Tag Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Plastics Inventory Tag market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Avery Dennison Corporation, 3M Company, Zebra Technologies Corporation, Brady Corporation, Tyco International PLC, Checkpoint Systems, Inc., Checkpoint Systems, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Company, Cenveo Inc., Alien Technology, Inc.. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Plastics Inventory Tag Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-plastics-inventory-tag-market/10340/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Plastics Inventory Tag market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Plastics Inventory Tag market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Plastics Inventory Tag Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Plastics Inventory Tag. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Plastics Inventory Tag in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Barcodes, RFID, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Industrial, Retail, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Plastics Inventory Tag Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-plastics-inventory-tag-market/10340/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Plastics Inventory Tag new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Plastics Inventory Tag market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Plastics Inventory Tag industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
JIM GAVIN HAS selected a strong starting XV to take on Tyrone as Dublin prepare to make the trip to Healy Park for the first time in four years (Throw-in 7pm).
The All-Ireland champions got their Allianz National Football League campaign off to a winning start with a seven point victory against Kildare at Croke Park seven days ago.
Boss Gavin has picked the exact same team for Saturday evening's visit to Omagh, aiming to come away with a win against a Tyrone side which fell short against Galway last weekend.
They face Mickey Harte's side on the road for the first time since 2014, a game which saw a 1-15 to 3-10 win for Dublin, setting the tone for a 10th successful league title campaign.
Jonny Cooper was a late switch in last Saturday's 2-17 to 2-10 win against the Lilywhites. The Na Fianna defender retains his place at half-back ahead of Eric Lowndes this evening.
Here is our Senior Footballers' starting XV for their #AllianzLeagues clash with @TyroneGAALive this evening #UpTheDubs pic.twitter.com/VmdsLJ8dj9 — Dublin GAA (@DubGAAOfficial) February 3, 2018
Dublin:
1. Stephen Cluxton (Parnells)
2. David Byrne (Naomhh Olaf)
3. Michael Fitzsimons (Cuala)
4. Darren Daly (Fingal Ravens)
5. Jonny Cooper (Na Fianna)
6. James McCarthy (Ballymun Kickhams)
7. John Small (Ballymun Kickhams)
8. Brian Fenton (Raheny)
9. Michael Darragh Macauley (Ballyboden St Enda's)
10. Brian Howard (Raheny)
11. Ciarán Kilkenny (Castleknock)
12. Niall Scully (Templeogue Synge St)
13. Colm Basquel (Ballyboden St Enda's)
14. Dean Rock (Ballymun Kickhams)
15. Bernard Brogan (St Oliver Plunkett's/Eoghan Ruadh)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
First Lady Melania Trump stole the show when she stepped out of the White House alongside President Trump in a stark white hat and matching belted skirt suit to greet French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte Macron at the White House on Tuesday.
Mrs. Trump wore the off-the-runway, asymmetric Michael Kors Collection double crepe jacket with a matching skirt and wide brim, both also from the Spring 2018 collection by Kors. The wide brim hat is a first for Mrs. Trump as she normally wears her hair in her signature middle part and layered waves.
The Michael Kors Collection blazer retails $2,195 at Saks Fifth Avenue.
The all-white look was broken up with a pair of denim stilettos by Christian Louboutin, the quintessential nod to classic American fashion and luxury Parisian footwear. The “So Kate” pumps retail for $775 at Neiman Marcus.
Imagine Mrs. Trump on vacation having a croissant in the south of France. This is exactly the kind of outfit she would wear: A refreshing take on the skirt suit and a lot of flare with a beautiful church hat.
Mrs. Trump stunned in an all-black ensemble on Monday when she and President Trump met the Macrons at Mt. Vernon for dinner. In a nod to the late Mr. Givenchy — the French designer who famously dressed actress Audrey Hepburn — Mrs. Trump wore a black tuxedo-inspired cape, Dolce & Gabbana dress, Christion Dior clutch, Ralph Lauren satin cummerbund, and Christian Louboutin stilettos, as Breitbart News noted.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
Some of the most extreme outbursts observed in the universe are the mysterious jets of energy and matter beaming from the center of galaxies at nearly the speed of light. These narrow jets, which typically form in opposing pairs are believed to be associated with supermassive black holes and other exotic objects, though the mechanisms that drive and dissipate them are not well understood.
Now, a small team of researchers has developed theories supported by 3-D simulations to explain what's at work.
Finding common causes for instabilities in space jets
"These jets are notoriously hard to explain," said Alexander "Sasha" Tchekhovskoy, a former NASA Einstein fellow who co-led the new study as a member of the Nuclear Science Division at the Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab), and the Astronomy and Physics departments and Theoretical Astrophysics Center at UC Berkeley. "Why are they so stable in some galaxies and in others they just fall apart?"
As much as half of the jets' energy can escape in the form of X-rays and stronger forms of radiation. The researchers showed how two different mechanisms - both related to the jets' interaction with surrounding matter, known as the "ambient medium" - serve to reduce about half of the energy of these powerful jets.
"The exciting part of this research is that we are now coming to understand the full range of dissipation mechanisms that are working in the jet," no matter the size or type of jet, he said.
The study that Tchekhovskoy co-led with Purdue University scientists Rodolfo Barniol Duran and Dimitrios Giannios is published in the Aug. 21 edition of Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society. The study concludes that the ambient medium itself has a lot to do with how the jets release energy.
"We were finally able to simulate jets that start from the black hole and propagate to very large distances - where they bump into the ambient medium," said Duran, formerly a postdoctoral research associate at Purdue University who is now a faculty member at California State University, Sacramento.
Tchekhovskoy, who has studied these jets for over a decade, said that an effect known as magnetic kink stability, which causes a sudden bend in the direction of some jets, and another effect that triggers a series of shocks within other jets, appear to be the primary mechanisms for energy release. The density of the ambient medium that the jets encounter serves as the key trigger for each type of release mechanism.
"For a long time, we have speculated that shocks and instabilities trigger the spectacular light displays from jets. Now these ideas and models can be cast on a much firmer theoretical ground," said Giannios, assistant professor of physics and astronomy at Purdue.
The length and intensity of the jets can illuminate the properties of their associated black holes, such as their age and size and whether they are actively "feeding" on surrounding matter. The longest jets extend for millions of light years into surrounding space.
"When we look at black holes, the first things we notice are the central streaks of these jets. You can make images of these streaks and measure their lengths, widths, and speeds to get information from the very center of the black hole," Tchekhovskoy noted. "Black holes tend to eat in binges of tens and hundreds of millions of years. These jets are like the 'burps' of black holes - they are determined by the black holes' diet and frequency of feeding."
While nothing - not even light - can escape a black hole's interior, the jets somehow manage to draw their energy from the black hole. The jets are driven by a sort of accounting trick, he explained, like writing a check for a negative amount and having money appear in your account. In the black hole's case, it's the laws of physics rather than a banking loophole that allow black holes to spew energy and matter even as they suck in surrounding matter.
The incredible friction and heating of gases spiraling in toward the black hole cause extreme temperatures and compression in magnetic fields, resulting in an energetic backlash and an outflow of radiation that escapes the black hole's strong pull.
A tale of magnetic kinks and sequenced shocks
Earlier studies had shown how magnetic instabilities (kinks) in the jets can occur when jets run into the ambient medium. This instability is like a magnetic spring. If you squish the spring from both ends between your fingers, the spring will fly sideways out of your hand. Likewise, a jet experiencing this instability can change direction when it rams into matter outside of the black hole's reach.
The same type of instability frustrated scientists working on early machines that attempted to create and harness a superhot, charged state of matter known as a plasma in efforts to develop fusion energy, which powers the sun. The space jets, also known as active galactic nuclei (AGN) jets, also are a form of plasma.
The latest study found that in cases where an earlier jet had "pre-drilled" a hole in the ambient medium surrounding a black hole and the matter impacted by the newly formed jet was less dense, a different process is at work in the form of "recollimation" shocks.
These shocks form as matter and energy in the jet bounce off the sides of the hole. The jet, while losing energy from every shock, immediately reforms a narrow column until its energy eventually dissipates to the point that the beam loses its tight focus and spills out into a broad area.
"With these shocks, the jet is like a phoenix. It comes out of the shock every time," though with gradually lessening energy, Tchekhovskoy said. "This train of shocks cumulatively can dissipate quite a substantial amount of the total energy."
The researchers designed the models to smash against different densities of matter in the ambient medium to create instabilities in the jets that mimic astrophysical observations.
Peering deeper into the source of jets
New, higher-resolution images of regions in space where supermassive black holes are believed to exist - from the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT), for example - should help to inform and improve models and theories explaining jet behavior, Tchekhovskoy said, and future studies could also include more complexity in the jet models, such as a longer sequence of shocks.
"It would be really interesting to include gravity into these models," he said, "and to see the dynamics of buoyant cavities that the jet fills up with hot magnetized plasma as it drills a hole" in the ambient medium.
He added, "Seeing deeper into where the jets come from - we think the jets start at the black hole's event horizon (a point of no return for matter entering the black hole) - would be really helpful to see in nature these 'bounces' in repeating shocks, for example. The EHT could resolve this structure and provide a nice test of our work."
###
This work was supported by NASA through the Astrophysics Theory Program and Einstein Fellowship, the National Science Foundation through an XSEDE supercomputer allocation, the NASA High-End Computing Program through the NASA Advanced Supercomputing Division at Ames Research Center, Purdue University, and UC Berkeley through the Theoretical Astrophysics Center fellowship and access to the Savio supercomputer.
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel Prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. For more, visit http://www. lbl. gov .
DOE's Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit science.energy.gov.
An investigation into a construction firm sparks allegations of bribes from Panama to Peru
The fallout from a massive bribery scandal that helped to bring down a Brazilian president is spreading across Latin America, threatening to engulf leaders from Panama to Peru.
The workings of a secret “bribery department” at the Brazilian construction conglomerate Odebrecht that suborned government officials around the world for years are being exposed by investigators. Meticulous schemes of graft laid out by witnesses, in plea deals and in leaked and seized documents show how the company funnelled $800m (£641m) of payouts to politicians and parties in Latin America alone.
As prosecutors chase the trail of that cash, it has led them towards some of the region's most prominent figures. Brazil's president, Michel Temer, was accused in leaked testimony last year of taking campaign funds from Odebrecht, and the Panamanian president, Juan Carlos Varela, was implicated by a man who has himself been arrested in connection with the scandal. Both deny wrongdoing. In Argentina a federal judge is seeking information from Brazil and Switzerland to determine if the head of the spy agency took a $600,000 bribe from Odebrecht, which he also denies.
But perhaps the most surprising accusations came this week, when authorities implicated two men who have based their political careers on a reputation for integrity in countries plagued by graft. Peru sent out an Interpol arrest warrant for its former president Alejandro Toledo, on charges of taking some $20m in bribes. And Colombia's chief prosecutor has said the country's Nobel peace prize-winning president Juan Manuel Santos may have taken money for his re-election campaign. Both men have strongly denied the charges.
Toledo, who led Peru from 2001 to 2006, rose to power leading protests against the former president Alberto Fujimori, who was later jailed for corruption and human rights abuses. The country is still reeling from the news that Toledo could be joining his old opponent in prison. The front page of the local newspaper El Comercio reproached the former president, who comes from an indigenous family, with a headline quoting a traditional Andean commandment, “Ama Sua: do not steal”.
Advertisement
Authorities who offered a $30,000 reward for Toledo's capture say he took the money in return for smoothing Odebrecht's path to a lucrative contract for a road connecting Brazil to Peru's Pacific coast. They have sought particular help from the US, where Toledo is a visiting scholar at Stanford University, and from Israel. His wife has Israeli citizenship and the country does not have an extradition treaty with Peru, so officials fear he may try to seek refuge there.
Santos has been accused by Colombia's chief prosecutor Nestor Martinez of taking up to $1m in campaign donations, based on the testimony of an ex-senator who was jailed for allegedly channelling Odebrecht cash but also has ties to Santos's opponents. Martinez plans to travel to Brazil this week to look for evidence to support the accusation, Reuters reported. Santos has rejected the allegations, but the case could be particularly damaging to a leader who took a fierce public stance on the unfolding scandal.
He threatened last month that the “full weight of the law” would fall on anyone accused of taking Odebrecht cash, and his government was the first outside Brazil to arrest former officials after the firm admitted a history of corruption in a plea deal with the US justice department. Odebrecht agreed to pay $3.5bn in penalties to authorities in Switzerland, the US and Brazil to settle the case. However, many in Latin America and beyond believe that agreement could mark just the beginning of efforts to unravel a complex and entrenched network of corruption. US prosecutors, when they announced the deal, described an extraordinary normalisation of graft within the firm, that suggested few countries where it operated would have been immune.
“[They] used a hidden but fully functioning Odebrecht business unit – a ‘Department of Bribery', so to speak – that systematically paid hundreds of millions of dollars to corrupt government officials in countries on three continents,” said the US deputy assistant attorney general Sung-Hee Suh.
Many more details about the system and the people who benefited from it are thought to be laid out in testimony from former top executives at Odebrecht, nicknamed the “end of the world confessions” by local media. They form a key part of plea deals made by 77 senior executives from the company and its former boss Marcelo Odebrecht, grandson of the founder.
They have not been made public, but few people in Brazil expect their explosive contents to stay secret forever, and a single confession leaked so far implicates the deeply unpopular Temer in taking a multimillion-pound campaign donation from the group.
He denies taking the money, but is now the second Brazilian leader whose future has been jeopardised by the firm's corruption. It was part of the wider Car Wash scandal that was a major driver in the impeachment of Dilma Rousseff last year, although she was ousted for breaking budget laws and has not been personally implicated.
In Panama the unfolding scandal has caught up both the president and his accuser Ramón Fonseca, a former friend and one of the founders of the law firm at the centre of the Panama Papers scandal, Fonseca himself was arrested along with his business partner Juergen Mossack as part of an inquiry into his connections with Odebrecht shortly after insisting that Varela had taken campaign money from the group.
“He [Varela] told me that he had accepted donations from Odebrecht because he could not fight with everyone,” Fonseca said, without giving more details. Varela denied receiving funds and promised to make all donations to his political campaign public.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Researchers at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and the Mayo Clinic have compiled peer-reviewed evidence and crafted a guideline designed to help physicians and medical centers stop the use of a widely ordered blood test that adds no value in evaluating patients with suspected heart attack.
The investigators' report on the test, published Aug. 14 in JAMA Internal Medicine, points to a previous statement from the American College of Cardiology and five peer-reviewed studies concluding that creatine kinase-myocardial band (CK-MB) testing can no longer be considered an effective biomarker for detecting damaged heart muscle and can be safely eliminated from practice in this clinical setting.
The new report is the first in a series of peer-reviewed implementation guides co-authored by faculty from the High Value Practice Academic Alliance (HVPAA), a national coalition created by The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Faculty from more than 80 academic institutions, representing 15 medical specialties and subspecialties, have joined HVPAA and are working together to advance quality-driven value improvement.
"This article is the first in a series of collaborative multi-institutional publications designed to bridge knowledge to high value practice. We present multiple quality improvement initiatives that safely eliminated CK-MB to give providers reassurance about trusting troponin levels when managing patients with suspected acute coronary syndrome," says Jeffrey Trost, M.D., assistant professor of medicine at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and the paper's corresponding author.
Heart disease remains the leading cause of death in men and women in the United States, and each year 735,000 Americans have heart attacks that damage the heart muscle, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Of those, an estimated 120,000 die. About one in five heart attacks are "silent," yielding no symptoms, but symptoms such as chest tightness or pain, dizziness, nausea and fatigue are good reasons to seek immediate evaluation, according to the American Heart Association.
Among the diagnostic tools to detect heart attacks are blood tests that measure levels of various proteins released into the bloodstream when heart cells are injured. Two of these are cardiac troponin and CK-MB.
In 2000 the American College of Cardiology and the European Society of Cardiology identified cardiac troponin as the ideal biomarker due to its high sensitivity for detecting injury to the heart, and the 2014 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology guidelines concluded that CK-MB provides no additional diagnostic value for diagnosing heart attacks. Despite these recommendations, Trost says, a 2013 survey conducted by the College of American Pathologists found that 77 percent of nearly 2,000 labs in the U.S. still use CK-MB as a cardiac damage biomarker.
The clinical and financial implications of institutions continuing CK-MB testing are significant, say the researchers, who estimate that all blood tests for diagnosing heart attacks add $416 million each year to the cost of care. The research team also cites studies showing that in addition to its diagnostic value, troponin testing is a more definitive predictor of in-hospital mortality and severity of disease.
The new report, Trost says, is intended to highlight the need to phase out CK-MB and provide a blueprint for doing so based on the U.S. Health Resources & Services Administration's strategies for implementing any quality improvement initiative.
The four steps listed include: 1. Design and implement a hospitalwide education campaign. 2. Partner with clinical stakeholders (in cardiology, emergency medicine, internal medicine, laboratory/pathology) to remove CK-MB from standardized heart disease routine order sets. 3. Enlist information technology/laboratory medicine staff to create and integrate a best practice "alert" that appears on any computerized provider order entry system when clinicians order CK-MB. 4. Measure use of the test and patient care quality and safety outcomes before and after the intervention.
Additional guides being co-authored by HVPAA faculty from multiple institutions aim to reduce unnecessary transfusions, routine daily lab tests, antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria, inappropriate Clostridium difficile testing and cardiac telemetry.
###
Visit the HVPAA website for more information or to register for the HVPAA inaugural national research and education symposium Oct. 8-9 in Baltimore.
Demonstrators looking to call attention to problems with Britain's National Health Service have taken to the streets of London, urging politicians to fix the healthcare "crisis".
Health workers, patients and union members took part in the march on Saturday, with participation figures expected to number in the thousands.
The demonstrators are calling for more beds, better staffing and increased funding under the slogan "NHS in Crisis: Fix It Now".
The protest called by the People's Assembly and Health Campaigns Together started at noon and was scheduled to end with an hour-long rally opposite Downing Street, according to the British Press Association news agency.
"We should be celebrating the 70th year of our NHS, yet the NHS is going through its worst winter on record," said the health spokesman for the opposition Labour Party, Jon Ashworth, who was also expected to march.
Live videos on Twitter and Facebook showed participants holding blue signs with "NHS: More Beds, More Staff, More Funds" and "Cut War Not Welfare" under hashtags including SaveOurNHS and FundOurNHS
The NHS, which remains largely free of charge for most services, is at the centre of a fierce political battle over privatisation.
Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May was forced to apologise last month for the cancellation of tens of thousands of operations under the NHS over Christmas and New Year.
Starting 6:40 AM passengers were once again allowed into the terminal but only in groups of 40.
Brussels Airport spokeswoman Anke Fransen: "The power failure occurred shortly before 5 AM. Emergency generators took over, but not all systems were able to use these from the start. Baggage handling had to be done by hand triggering delays."
All flights have delayed, but the airport company has an important message. Anke Fransen: "We are asking passengers to arrive on time."
Brussels Airlines is asking passengers to travel "light" when possible and only to take hand luggage if this is an option.
A new rational drug design technique that uses a powerful computer algorithm to identify molecules that target different receptor sites on key cellular proteins could provide a new weapon in the battle against antibiotic resistance, potentially tipping the odds against the bugs.
The technique, which has been validated against a drug-resistant bacterial strain, identifies compounds that target two or more receptor sites on proteins that inhibit a key cellular function. To obtain resistance to drug compounds developed with the technique, the microbes would have to simultaneously develop mutations in all the receptor pockets targeted by the drug - a challenge much more significant than developing resistance in a single receptor site.
Researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology and Harvard University believe the technique could provide a new general approach for battling drug resistance that may potentially also be applied to cancer cells and viruses which also develop drug resistance. The research, supported by the National Institutes of Health, was reported May 19 in the journal ACS Chemical Biology.
"We have developed an entirely novel mechanism for increasing antibiotic effectiveness," said Jeffrey Skolnick, director of Georgia Tech's Center for the Study of Systems Biology. "The problem of emerging antibiotic resistance is a major health care crisis, and we think this approach could allow the rapid design of new classes of molecules that would be able to maintain their effectiveness longer, allowing us to stay one step ahead of the bugs."
Antibiotic resistance often develops when proteins - often enzymes - mutate the receptor pockets that allow the drugs to bind to the protein. Bacterial populations often include individuals that have these mutations randomly, and when antibiotics kill off the susceptible cells, the population of those with the specific mutation grows. In order to control these resistant bacteria, doctors must employ a drug compound that targets a different receptor or different binding site on a key bacterial protein.
The technique identified three classes of inhibitor drugs that targeted both primary and secondary receptor pockets on the dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) enzyme in a drug-resistant strain of Escherichia coli (E. coli). DHFR is necessary for the synthesis of important cellular building blocks, and is a classical target for antibiotics. Without production of these compounds, bacteria cannot reproduce.
Using their algorithm, Skolnick and his Georgia Tech collaborators identified 10 potentially useful drug compounds and prioritized compounds from the three categories - stilbenoid, deoxybenzoin and chalcone family of compounds - for their ability to target a secondary receptor pocket. Interestingly, one of the molecules was resveratrol which is found in red wine and which has been reported to have anti-aging and anti-cancer effects. In the laboratory, the researchers confirmed that the commercially available compounds could indeed bind with DHFR.
But the real test was whether the compounds would work on living bacteria. To evaluate that, the Georgia Tech researchers worked with Eugene Shakhnovich, a professor in the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology at Harvard University. Shakhnovich and his colleagues confirmed that the drug compounds shut down the production of folates in the drug-resistant E. coli, dramatically slowing the growth of the bacterium. They also showed that the addition of folates to the bacterial population allowed the bugs to survive despite treatment by the DHFR-inhibiting drugs.
"We tested the compounds in vitro with purified variants of the enzyme," Shakhnovich said. "We engineered E. coli strains that carry escape mutations in the folA locus - which encodes DHFR - on their chromosomes and proved that the newly-found compounds effectively inhibit growth in both wild-type and escape mutant strains of DHFR, albeit at high concentrations."
Because it is a relatively small protein with well-defined biophysical properties, DHFR "represents a desirable model to explore the genotype-phenotype relationship between biophysical properties of the enzyme and the fitness and evolution of a microorganism," Shakhnovich added.
As a next step, Skolnick would like to test the principle on other proteins essential to other microorganisms to see if two or more binding pockets can be targeted. That could require development of new therapeutic molecules able to attack the microbial targets. Ultimately, the technique could be used to shut down other avenues of antibiotic resistance, including the ability of cells to break down drugs or eject them before they can bind.
If the technique proves successful in other laboratory studies, testing with an animal model would be necessary to determine whether it can be beneficial in living organisms.
DHFR has been targeted for anti-cancer drugs, and Skolnick is hopeful that the two-receptor technique may prove useful in developing new chemotherapy agents that could fight off the resistance that often renders them useless.
Skolnick believes the approach may help scientists stay ahead of bacterial resistance by providing a technique to rapidly develop new drugs. The compounds would be used in combination therapies to further guard against development of resistance.
"We are always going to be at war with microbes," he said. "The bacterial system is going to evolve to respond to new antibiotics, so we have to keep targeting something else so the system never gets to evolve resistance. It's likely that we'll need to use combination therapies that use multiple drugs to eliminate the development of resistance."
###
This project was funded by 1R35GM118039 and 1RO1068670 (to Shakhnovich) of the Division of General Medical Sciences of the NIH. The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.
A Russian warplane was shot down Saturday in Syria, according to Russian state-run news agencies.
Scroll for more content...
The Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed one of its Su-25 warplanes was downed in Syria's Idlib province, state media outlet RIA Novosti reported.
Militants shot down the plane in an area controlled by al-Nusra Front fighters, according to the RIA Novosti report. Russia and Turkey, which is responsible for a de-escalation zone in Idlib, were taking measures to return the pilot's body, the defense ministry said.
The ministry said the pilot was able to eject from the aircraft before it crashed, according to state-run news agency TASS, but died while fighting al-Nusra fighters.
TASS reported that "according to preliminary information, the plane was shot down from a portable anti-aircraft missile system."
But a witness who spoke to CNN via Skype on condition of anonymity said the jet was shot down by Free Syrian Army fighters with a group called Jaish al-Naser as two jets were "striking the village of Massaran on the southern side of Saraqib."
The witness said that a pilot parachuted. A Free Syrian Army fighter in the area told the source that the pilot "engaged with FSA fighters with a pistol but they killed him eventually."
The source left the area after the second jet fired more missiles.
Other witnesses said the pilot was taken from the crash site, according to Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group. It was unclear whether the pilot was alive or dead, he said
The Idlib Media Center, an anti-government activist group, posted images that purportedly show the plane's wreckage.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime recently resumed airstrikes on rebel-held areas such as Idlib province in the country's northwest, prompting tens of thousands of civilians to flee their homes, according to UN officials.
Idlib has long been the region where civilians and fighters have gone as they fled rebel-friendly areas under siege by the Syrian regime.
With the help of Russian forces, the Syrian government has managed to take back much of the country held by rebels. The regime has launched an offensive to retake Idlib, the only province that has come under full rebel control in the nearly 7-year-old conflict.
In August 2015, University of Delaware oceanographer Andreas Muenchow and colleagues deployed the first UD ocean sensors underneath Petermann Glacier in North Greenland, which connects the great Greenland ice sheet directly with the ocean.
Petermann Glacier is the second largest floating ice shelf in the northern hemisphere.
Located approximately 16 to 2,300 feet below the glacier, the five ocean sensors are connected to a weather station at the surface, creating the first cabled observatory on a floating, moving, and rapidly melting Greenland glacier.
The researchers recently reported in the journal Oceanography that sensor data from August 2015 to February 2016 confirms that that the floating ice shelf is strongly coupled, or tied, to the ocean below and to Nares Strait, and temperatures vary with the tides and seasons.
Specifically, the paper found that the same water that has been measured in the fjord is under the glacier, lending credence to the idea that the continuity of the glacier depends on the conditions outside the glacier in the fjord.
This water is warming an average of 0.03 degrees Celsius per year, with temperatures at the deepest ocean sensors sometimes exceeding 0.3 degrees Celsius or 33 degrees Fahrenheit, Muenchow said. These temperature values are consistent at various water depths, and match data from a 2003-09 study in adjacent Nares Strait, which connects to both the Arctic and Atlantic Oceans.
"This correlation tells us this is the same water and that this is what's causing the melting of the glacier, which could influence sea level rise," said Muenchow, an associate professor of oceanography in UD's School of Marine Science and Policy, which is housed in the College of Earth, Ocean, and Environment (CEOE).
The scientists theorize that warmer Atlantic water will continue to arrive inside Petermann Fjord and below the ice shelf from Nares Strait in the next one-to-two years.
###
Co-authors on the paper include Keith W. Nicholls, an oceanographer with the British Antarctic Survey; Peter Washam, a UD doctoral student; and Laurie Padman, a senior scientist at Oregon State University.
SEOUL, April 24 (UPI) -- Two days ahead of the inter-Korean summit, officials from both Koreas are holding their first rehearsal session for the historic meeting between President Moon Jae-in and North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un at the border village of Panumunjom.
A delegation from North Korea, led by State Affairs Commission official Kim Chang-son, will cross over the Military Demarcation Line (MDL) that divides the two Koreas within that village.
On the day of the summit, Kim Jong-un will cross the line to the South, becoming the first North Korean leader to do so after the Korean War.
It is also the first time an inter-Korean summit is held in the border village. The first two summits in 2000 and 2007 were held in Pyongyang.
South Korean officials on Wednesday will practice meeting the leader on the southern side. An official welcoming ceremony is set to take place in the grounds outside the Freedom House, which stands directly in front of the MDL, Seoul Economic Daily reported.
Oraganizers are set to walk through President Moon's schedule, from his meeting with Kim and the route he will use to enter the Peace House where the summit will be held.
Within the Peace House conference building, officials will act out introductions and greetings that will take place before the talks.
At the official welcoming banquet held after the summit, Moon and Kim will have traditional dishes from the South and North, prepared by a top chef of a famous North Korean restaurant called Okrugwan.
On Thursday, on the eve of the summit, Seoul will hold a final rehearsal on protocol and security measures, involving six officials who will attend the meeting with Moon, Yonhap reported.
COLD weather will greet the Top End in the coming days, as a high pressure system moves over the Great Australian Bight.
Bureau of Meteorology senior forecaster Chris Kent said a surge of cool wind would be coming up through the central part of the nation, bringing stronger winds before the weekend and cooler temperatures through to next week.
“Temperatures are dropping across much of the Territory across the weekend,” he said.
“Most of the temperature shift is in the minimum, potentially dropping below 20C on Sunday morning, and that's sort of spread across much of the Top End.”
“Tomorrow again will be a windy day, but from Friday onwards we should see those winds start to ease – that's due to the high drifting over southeast Australia and taking the wind with it.”
Winds in Darwin are likely to follow a similar suit to earlier in the week.
“Wind-wise, we should see tomorrow should be pretty similar to today (Wednesday), gusty winds around the Territory, before they start to ease on Friday,” Mr Kent said.
“(It) probably won't be so gusty on Friday and over the weekend.”
FINAL DAY: GREAT SAMSUNG GALAXY TABLET OFFER FOR NEW NT NEWS DIGITAL SUBSCRIBERS
Alice Springs will also feel the brunt of the cold surge, and could find temperature dropping below zero.
“Down in the south we may see Alice Springs drop below zero on Friday morning, and throughout the weekend, minimums down there being around the freezing level, 0 or 1C in the morning.”
The cooler temperature comes thanks to a high pressure system in the south.
“We've got a high pressure system over South Australia at the moment, so that's sending up a cool dry surge through the middle,” Mr Kent said.
“It would have gotten a lot windier today than it has been the last few days.
“Whenever there is a high in the Bight, we see a series of dry surges (the wind) is just dragging the cooler air north into the Territory.”
The cold snap comes after seven consecutive nights of temperatures dropping below 7C earlier in May.
That cold snap saw a minimum temperature of 17.8C, eight degrees colder than the May average. That cold surge also came thanks to a high pressure system over the Great Australian Bight.
Posted by admin on April 17, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
RICHMOND, Va. — A Virginia family returned home to find their floors and walls splattered in blood after their German Shepherd apparently attacked an intruder, according to WRIC.
Tristan Murrin said he knew something was wrong when the dog greeted him at the front door.
“We noticed something when we walked in, when I walked in with my mother and there is blood spots on the ground, we looked upstairs and you see trails of blood coming from upstairs going all the way down,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin said Oden is not typically aggressive. However, he said he's thankful the dog stood his ground.
“I think the dog did its job. He knew that someone was not supposed to be in my house and no one was home and he knows that he wasn't supposed to be in there and he was doing something that he wasn't supposed to be doing and so he knew to act upon it,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin shared photos and videos on Facebook that show the aftermath of the attempted break-in. His Facebook post has been shared over 100,000 times. He wrote:
“Last night we had a break in, luckily no one was home. My best friend Oden who is a German shepherd, protected my home and belongings when I wasn't there, I couldn't be more proud of him. Such an amazing breed that's why everyone who doesn't have an actual dog should consider on adopting or buying a dog.”
Police said no arrests have been made. The investigation is ongoing.
This week on the Blitz with Dean Blevins and John Holcomb:
-The latest on the Cowboy's first fall scrimmage. Head Coach Mike Gundy praised the defense and addressed positions which still need to be decided as the team hits the halfway point of camp.
-Viewer Question of the Week: "What impact do you think Dimitri Flowers will have with the Sooners this season?"
-Dean and John discuss the recent speculation regarding OSU WR James Washington's health, and what that means for the Cowboys.
-Thunder announce last week Patrick Patterson underwent a successful knee procedure and will be out 6-8 weeks.
-Three dates for upcoming Thunder season released. The Thunder's Christmas match is also set.
-Tour OU Football's new 132,000 sq. ft. complex
If you have a viewer question, tweet using the hashtag #OKBlitz or ask on the News 9 Sports Facebook page
To vote on the "Play the Percentages" text Dean or John to 79640
It has been confirmed that the #10 LMP1 DragonSpeed entry will take part in the 2018 24 Hours of Le Mans.
The LMP1 DragonSpeed car was involved in an incident at the FIA World Endurance Championship 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps earlier this month, where Pietro Fittipaldi had a high-speed crash into the tyre barrier at the top of Eau Rouge. The young Brazilian was air-lifted to hospital where he was treated for two fractured legs and put out of racing for eight weeks.
Heavy speculation followed the incident, in reference to what caused Fittipaldi to lose control of the BR Engineering DALLARA BR1 chassis. BR investigated into the issue with the chassis, which was destroyed in the incident. Team Principal Elton Julian has announced he is “satisfied” with the results and conclusion that BR have presented.
Ben Hanley, Renger van der Zande and Henrik Hedman will be the three drivers to pilot the LMP1 car in it's first 24-hour race and fight for glory in the blue-ribbon event of the WEC.
Posting a video to Twitter, Julian announced: “Happy to announce that we've decided to continue with our LMP1 program immediately, beginning with Le Mans test day. The reason for this is because we're satisfied with the findings regarding the incident Pietro had at Eau Rouge.
“Everything points to a very obvious problem that can and will be rectified by the manufacturers. This gives us the confidence that we can build a new car and be ready, hopefully, in time for the Le Mans test day [on June 3].”
“We'd like to thank BR Engineering and Dallara for affording us this opportunity to return so quickly; it's been a very difficult and arduous process to get to this decision. But we feel that we made the right one and we have to go for it.
“For me, personally, I want to thank everybody involved including the team and outside. Racing's never easy and sometimes it's extra hard.
“We've learned from it and become stronger. We head towards the Le Mans test day with confidence and excitement.”
Julian opened the video by stating that Fittipaldi, who flew back to the U.S. to begin his rehabilitation after being released from the hospital in Belgium, was “on the mend” and “being looked at very well in Indianapolis by some of the best on the planet.”
Fittipaldi was due to race as a rookie in last weekend's Indy 500 but his WEC crash saw him have to forfeit his seat. Hopefully he will return to his LMP1 DragonSpeed seat in time for August's 6 Hours of Silverstone.
© AP Photo/ Keith Srakocic India-US Nuclear Deal Set to Miss June 2017 Deadline Over Westinghouse Troubles
–
NEW DELHI (Sputnik)US National Security Adviser Herbert Raymond McMaster met on Tuesday with his Indian counterpart Ajit Doval with the parties having discussed bilateral anti-terror cooperation as well as the situation in Afghanistan and South Asia, a source in the Indian Home Ministry told Sputnik.
"The US National Security Adviser has met Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval for two hours. India-US anti terror cooperation was the main agenda of discussion. The two NSA discussed the security situation of South Asia in general and Afghanistan in particular," the source said.
The source added that McMaster was meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi but details about their talks remained unknown at the moment.
McMaster arrived in New Delhi after visiting Afghanistan and Pakistan on Sunday and Monday respectively.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
DUBAI, April 12 First Abu Dhabi Bank has made up to 20 job cuts in its global markets division following the merger of National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank, sources told Reuters on Wednesday.
The merger, which was completed April 1 and created an lender with assets of more than 670 billion dirhams ($182.4 billion), was expected to produce cost savings of 500 million dirhams.
The bank is interviewing people for various roles since there is duplication, according to one of the sources familiar with the matter.
Those who do not qualify are asked to apply for junior roles and are asked to leave if they do not make the cut, the source said.
First National Bank of Abu Dhabi declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.
The sources declined to be identified because the information is not public.
($1 = 3.6730 UAE dirham) (Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh, Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold; editing by Jason Neely)
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” he said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” he revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
Although the US has not tested a nuclear weapon since 1992, the administration of US President Donald Trump has quietly ordered that the Pentagon's Nevada National Security test site put itself in a state of readiness to detonate a nuclear bomb within a time frame of as little as six months, according to reports.
After proposing a $1.2 trillion deal to modify and redesign America's entire nuclear-weapons program, Trump, in authorizing the development and manufacture of the first new US nuclear warhead in 34 years, has also requested that the long dormant testing facility some 90 miles northwest of Las Vegas be put on a speeded-up timetable for detonation readiness: to six months from the Department of Energy's earlier forecast of two to three years.
© REUTERS/ Kyodo/via REUTERS/File Photo New US Nuclear Posture Review Spurs Outrage Among Atomic Bomb Victims in Japan
Although the Trump White House describes upcoming potential underground nuclear detonations as "a simple test, with waivers and simplified processes," sources close to the US National Nuclear Security Administration have claimed that any new atom bomb explosion in the Nevada desert would be less about the technicalities and more about political theater, according to Time.
In demonstrating to Iran, China, Russia and the People's Democratic Republic of Korea (DPRK), that the US is rapidly expanding its nuclear weapons program, Washington would not be testing technical details but rather detonating weapons "for political purposes," cited by Time.com.
While Trump has not currently ordered a new nuclear weapons test, the straightforward nature of what many consider to be a provocative show of force by Washington, after decades of US restrained, appears to many to be an announcement of a new global nuclear arms race.
"We must modernize and rebuild our nuclear arsenal," Trump declared during his January 30 State of the Union speech.
© AP Photo/ Petr David Josek Iran on US Nuclear Posture Review: Doctrine Menaces Destruction of Human Race
Although every US president since Republican Dwight Eisenhower has avoided suggesting that the US could again launch a nuclear weapon against an enemy, Trump, in contrast, has suggested the unthinkable by asserting that his administration would unleash "fire and fury like the world has never seen," against the DPRK.
The 45th US president has also displayed a knee-jerk hostility toward existing nuclear agreements, including the landmark 2015 JCPOA agreement to stop Iran from becoming a nuclear power and the 2010 New START treaty between Washington and Moscow limiting nuclear weapon development.
Trump reportedly demanded the development and manufacture of additional nuclear bombs during a July 20, 2017, Pentagon briefing, while criticizing military advisers for suggesting any reduction in US nuclear stockpiles, according to Time.
The strikingly unpopular world leader has also publicly trashed the work of his own Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, by ignoring ongoing negotiations and taunting Pyongyang with a "much bigger & more powerful" button that Trump would ostensibly push to launch a deadly nuclear attack against the isolated country of some 26 million.
The global community has watched in astonishment as Trump has gone against almost every notion of humanity's denuclearization.
"The long-standing strategic policy of the United States has been to reduce the role and number of nuclear weapons," observed Andrew Weber, a 30-year nuclear-weapons expert for the US State and Defense departments prior to his 2015 retirement, cited by Time.com.
"That idea seems to have been balled up and thrown out the window," he noted.
Kevin Magnussen feels the Haas F1 Team can be competitive again this weekend around the Baku Street Circuit, although he does not know where they will be compared to their rivals, particularly if they bring special packages for the unique nature of the track.
The Dane has scored points in the past two Grand Prix in Bahrain and China and was on course for a strong result in the season-opening Australian Grand Prix before the team endured their nightmare pit stops for both Magnussen and team-mate Romain Grosjean as they ran inside the top six.
The VF-18 has shown itself to be a well-balanced car in 2018, and Magnussen feels it should again be in contention for the top ten, both in Qualifying and in the race, in this weekend's Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
“Our car balance should be fine in Baku,” said Magnussen. “It's true that we do have a very good car this year – it's very well balanced.
“But it's going to be very difficult to predict how we're going to be in Baku, as we don't know what other people are going to bring in terms of special packages for that circuit. We're going to try and get the most out of the car, but it's going to be interesting to see what other people do.”
Magnussen sees no reason why Haas cannot be the best of the rest behind the leading three teams this season, although he acknowledges the midfield again seems to be wide open, much as it was last season.
“At the moment, I think we are very even with Renault and perhaps a little faster than McLaren, at least in qualifying,” said the Dane. “The rest of the midfield, perhaps, seems a little more inconsistent, but they can definitely be up there with the rest of us on occasions.
“Renault is probably the strongest competitor in the midfield, but I think we have a car that can easily match them, and when we do well, beat them also. That should be our aim at the moment – to be fighting those guys.
“Obviously, we want to improve on last year's result, which was eighth, and I think that's a feasible target. We're doing well at the moment, in terms of performance, but if we find ourselves in a good position halfway through the season, then maybe we have to reset our goals.”
I've written, previously, about "active aging" — having the ability to keep doing the things you love to do for as long as you can.
I know 50 year olds who play hockey, 60 year olds who run marathons, 70 year olds who go on long-distance cycling holidays and 80 year olds who belong to hiking clubs. As different as they are, there are two things these groups have in common. They've minimized their physical decline while they've maximized their physical capabilities. Specifically, successful "active agers" are good at maintaining their brains, their bones, their cardiovascular systems (the heart and lungs) and their muscles. Here are some ways they do it:
Aerobic exercise, especially of long, slow duration (like jogging) has been shown to increase "neurogenesis," which is the creation of new cells in the adult brain. For those unable to jog due to arthritis, heart disease or for some other factor, it's important to continue walking, swimming, cycling or doing some other type of low impact endurance activity to stimulate the effects that this type of movement has on brain tissue.
To maintain bone density and offset osteoporosis, the clear exercise choice is to work "against gravity." This includes doing things like walking, stair climbing and especially weight lifting. Bones need to be placed under the stress that gravity provides to stay strong. Doing strength-training exercises also has the added benefit of building supporting muscles around joints, which can help minimize the pain and disability of arthritis. An appropriate weightlifting routine will provide enough stress to keep bones strong, while not so much that joints are damaged in the process.
While the long, slow endurance exercise described above is important for building brain tissue and helps with overall physical endurance, high-intensity exercise works best for building a strong cardiovascular system. The heart is a muscle and it gets stronger and more efficient when it is worked, just like any other muscle. Adding speed "bursts" to a walking routine can achieve this and can even help lower blood pressure and improve body composition. The important thing to remember is that the idea of "high intensity" is relative. Fast for one person is slow for another. Consulting with your physician is recommended before adding this element to your exercise routine.
Finally, the importance of building and maintaining muscles as we grow older can't be ignored. As we age, our muscles waste away all the way down to the cellular level. This means that the part of the muscles that produce energy (the mitochondria) become smaller and die off. Unless something is done to maintain the cellular health of your muscles, you will become weaker and have less energy as the years go by.
According to a recent New York Times article that cites the findings of an experiment conducted at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, an answer may have been found to offset this physical decline. The study divided a group into three exercise programs (and one control group that did not exercise). The groups did intense weight lifting, brief interval training on a stationary bike and long, slow cycling with easy strength training.
As expected, the first group built the most muscle (important for maintaining independence) and the interval group gained the most endurance. The mild exercise group saw the least improvement in all areas. Aside from the expected results, there was an additional finding that was significant. The cells of the intense interval group showed increases in the number and health of their mitochondria (the part of the muscle that produces energy). Further, this improvement was most pronounced in the older exercisers (64 years of age and older). According to the lead researcher, it seems as if the decline in cellular health from aging can be "corrected" with exercise — especially if it is intense, and especially in older exercisers.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Amid escalating tensions between the U.S. and Russia, the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) on Thursday released a joint report accusing Russian civilian and military intelligence services of compromising networks and infrastructure associated with the 2016 presidential election.
Much of the news media coverage of the joint report failed to mention that the 13-page document, which is short on specifics, starts off with a glaring disclaimer that the DHS does not “provide any warranties” about the information contained inside the report.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The disclaimer states:
This report is provided “as is” for informational purposes only. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) does not provide any warranties of any kind regarding any information contained within.
The report was produced by the U.S. Computer Readiness Team (US-CERT), a cybersecurity and information-sharing service of the DHS.
A spokesperson for DHS told Breitbart News on Monday that the disclaimer is “standard” for “previous JARs (Joint Analysis Reports), though most cannot be shared publicly.”
Of the 48 documents currently posted on the US-CERT website's main “publications” page, only six could be found with a similar disclaimer, including a June 2012 report on technical methods to defend networks and a similar report from October 2012. The other reports with similar disclaimers include a May 2014 report on combatting “insider” technical threats; a July 2014 report warning of breaches into hospitality industry computers; a report from that same month in 2014 warning that “malicious actors are using publicly available tools to locate businesses that use remote desktop applications;” and a report from 2014 warning about the possibility of electronic U.S. highway signs being exploited.
The text of the document released last Thursday on alleged Russian intrusion, meanwhile, states the report is meant to provide technical details regarding “the tools and infrastructure used by the Russian civilian and military intelligence Services (RIS) to compromise and exploit networks and endpoints associated with the U.S. election, as well as a range of U.S. Government, political, and private sector entities.”
More than half the document contains advice on how to protect the integrity of computer networks.
Two and a half pages of the document feature images, a list of alternate names reportedly utilized by RIS to infiltrate U.S. networks, and an example of a signature utilized by one of the alleged Russian agents.
The report states that attribution of the alleged anti-U.S. activities to RIS “is supported by technical indicators from the U.S. Intelligence Community, DHS, FBI, the private sector, and other entities.”
Here is a list of the actual accusations made inside the report:
“The U.S. Government confirms that two different RIS actors participated in the intrusion into a U.S. political party. The first actor group, known as Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) 29, entered into the party's systems in summer 2015, while the second, known as APT28, entered in spring 2016.
“These actors set up operational infrastructure to obfuscate their source infrastructure, host domains and malware for targeting organizations, establish command and control nodes, and harvest credentials and other valuable information from their targets.”
“In spring 2016, APT28 compromised the same political party, again via targeted spearphishing…Using the harvested credentials, APT28 was able to gain access and steal content, likely leading to the exfiltration of information from multiple senior party members. The U.S. Government assesses that information was leaked to the press and publicly disclosed.
The RIS cyber operations “have included spearphishing campaigns targeting government organizations, critical infrastructure entities, think tanks, universities, political organizations, and corporations leading to the theft of information.
The report does not mention WikiLeaks or DC Leaks, the two organizations that published thousands of pages of private emails during the 2016 presidential race. The document does accuse Russian agents of exploiting unnamed “political and private sector entities.”
Responding to the alleged Russian intrusion into the U.S. election, President Obama on Thursday expelled 35 suspected Russian intelligence agents from the U.S. and announced sanctions targeting two Russian intelligence services.
In a statement released by the Kremlin, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday said that Moscow would not retaliate by booting any U.S. diplomats. “We will not create problems for American diplomats. We will not expel anyone,” Putin said in the statement.
On Sunday, the Washington Post retracted the main accusation in a story headlined, “Russian operation hacked a Vermont utility, showing risk to U.S. electrical grid security, officials say.”
The post added an editor's note stating: “An earlier version of this story incorrectly said that Russian hackers had penetrated the U.S. electric grid. Authorities say there is no indication of that so far. The computer at Burlington Electric that was hacked was not attached to the grid.”
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.
With research by Joshua Klein.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — A US military helicopter has crashed in Leonardtown, Maryland, a suburban community outside Washington, DC, resulting in one death, media reported on Monday.
"First responders arrived on scene to find a large US military helicopter crashed on the third hole of a golf course, Southern Maryland Newsnet reported on Monday.
The report stated that one occupant extricated himself from the helicopter, while "two additional military personal remained trapped with another occupant was pronounced deceased at the scene by medical personnel."
March 19 (UPI) -- The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Monday not to block Pennsylvania's new congressional district voting map, which Republicans challenged as unconstitutional.
The state Supreme Court redrew the map in February after it determined the previous map "plainly and palpably" violated the state Constitution.
Republican leaders said the court didn't give state lawmakers enough time to redraw the map after the February ruling. Monday's ruling followed another unsuccessful challenge in a federal district court earlier in the day in which a three-judge panel said the GOP leaders who brought the case did not have the standing to represent the whole General Assembly.
The Pennsylvania Democrats who challenged the 2011 voting map accused Republicans of gerrymandering -- diluting the votes of Democrats and racial minorities. The League of Women Voters of Pennsylvania told USA Today it was "déjà vu all over again" with arguments that "have not improved with age."
Since 2012, Republicans have won 13 of the state's 18 congressional seats even though Democrats have won statewide races, including in the U.S. Senate. President Donald Trump narrowly won the state in 2016.
The state Supreme Court, when it released the redrawn map last month, said the new districts should be more compact, contiguous, contain roughly the same number of people and not split counties unnecessarily. The new map also splits Philadelphia into two districts instead of the previous three. The 2011 map split 28 counties.
The U.S. Supreme Court's decision comes a day before a filing deadline for the May primaries. The new map also will be used in the general election in which Pennsylvania is considered a battleground state.
Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf previously rejected Republicans' attempts to redraw the map.
"I applaud these decisions that will allow the upcoming election to move forward with the new and fair congressional maps," he said in a statement to the Philadelphia Inquirer. "The people of Pennsylvania are tired of gerrymandering and the new map corrects past mistakes that created unfair Congressional Districts and attempted to diminish the impact of citizens' votes."
State Senate Republican leader Jake Corman said he was disappointed.
"I'm sure we'll review options, but I think we're accepting the decision -- don't like it, but that's life and we move on," he said.
Pennsylvania isn't the only state facing a battle over its congressional map. The U.S. Supreme Court delayed its ruling on a similar North Carolina case to give it time to consider other cases in Wisconsin and Maryland.
Miranda Lambert is ready for the new year with her boyfriend Anderson East!
The 33-year-old country singer welcomed 2017 with an adorable black and white photo with her beau of one year on Instagram Sunday. The duo is dressed up for the occasion, with Lambert donning a sequined dress and fishnets while Anderson sports a black blazer and patterned button-up shirt.
“Goodbye 2016. Thanks for everything! Here's to 2017… to lessons and blessin's, music and memories, friendships and hardships. I'm ready for all,” she wrote. “And I'm so thankful to ring in this new year with love.”
East, a musician himself, shared a photo with his band bowing at the end of a show in Birmingham, Alabama to celebrate New Year's Eve.
“Thanks so much to everyone who came & rang in this new year with us in Birmingham & The Shoals. It was truly magical,” the 28-year-old said. “Thanks to everyone who came to a show or listened to the music! Your support means the world! Can't wait to see what 2017 brings.”
East and Lambert began dating last December, five months after she and ex-husband Blake Shelton announced their split.
Although the country star has remained quiet on her personal life with East, she criticized internet trolls for their negative remarks in November.
“Last night I was all dolled up and ‘out on the town' with my sweet man at the CMA awards in Nashville. I was excited about the night and posted a picture. Just now when I looked I realized so many comments were judgmental and negative,” she wrote of an Instagram photo showing her alongside East on the award show's red carpet.
In the photo, Lambert and East cuddled and donned sweet smirks as they posed for photos. But soon, social media users took to the post's comment section, writing that Lambert “looks miserable” and “just doesn't look happy.” Some even took aim at East's appearance.
“Cowardly people hiding behind a keyboard or a cell phone writing their useless comments about our eyes and clothes and body language,” the “Vice” singer continued. “What a bunch of bulls—. Thank y'all for reminding me why I read books, write songs, and spend most of my time with animals and people I trust and love.”
* Financials top losers among S&P sectors
* Three big U.S. banks to report results on Thursday
* Amazon gains after Needham upgrades to "buy"
* Indexes down: Dow 0.16 pct, S&P 0.13 pct, Nasdaq 0.14 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 10 U.S. stocks reversed course to trade lower on Monday as losses in financial stocks, ahead of quarterly earnings later this week, offset a boost from energy shares.
JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report earnings on Thursday and could throw some light on the U.S. banking industry's performance amid a rally in financial shares since the election of President Donald Trump.
However, bank stocks have retreated of late as investors question lofty valuations and Trump's ability to swiftly introduce simpler regulations and other policies following the failure of a healthcare reform bill.
The S&P 500 financial sector was off 0.56 percent, dragged down by Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo.
"The financial sector has been a darling performer since the election and we've seen some of that performance retreat in the last couple of weeks," said Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis.
"So, what the banks report and what their guidance is will be the primary driver for equity prices over the next week or two."
Earnings of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.1 percent in the first three months of the year. The index is currently trading at 17.4 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Geopolitical tensions added to investor unease. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday the military strikes against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons were a warning to other nations, including North Korea, that "a response is likely" if they pose a danger.
At 12:12 p.m. ET (1612 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 33.22 points, or 0.16 percent, at 20,622.88, the S&P 500 was down 2.98 points, or 0.13 percent, at 2,352.56. The Nasdaq Composite was down 7.95 points, or 0.14 percent, at 5,869.86.
Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Four of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with energy leading with a 0.94 percent gain, supported by higher oil prices.
Technology was off 0.13 percent, led by declines in Intel and Nvidia.
Shares of Amazon.com was the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq, rising 1.2 percent to $905.92. The world's largest online retailer was upgraded to "buy" at Needham, according to a trader.
Straight Path Communications surged nearly two-fold to $89.71 after AT&T offered a huge premium to buy the owner of wireless spectrum licenses.
Swift Transportation jumped 21.7 percent to $24.36 after agreeing to a merger with fellow trucking company Knight Transportation. Knight's shares were up 12 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,665 to 1,141. On the Nasdaq, 1,433 issues fell and 1,281 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed seven 52-week highs and two lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 55 highs and 25 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
An American-born citizen who federal authorities say recently scouted locations in Cleveland to attack people watching Fourth of July fireworks and talked of carrying out additional bombings has been charged with trying to support terrorism.
Scroll for more content...
Federal authorities said Monday that Demetrius Pitts had expressed his support for al-Qaida for more than a year and talked about setting off bombs at a July 4 parade and later in his hometown, Philadelphia.
Pitts, who lived most recently in Maple Heights, Ohio, was due in federal court on Monday in Cleveland. There were no court documents listing an attorney for him, and he couldn't be reached for comment.
Pitts was arrested Sunday after meeting an undercover agent and was charged with attempted support of a terrorist organization.
FBI special agent Stephen Anthony said it was unclear how close Pitts was to carrying out his threats, but he said authorities couldn't sit back and wait to find out.
“We don't have the luxury of hoping an individual decides not to harm someone or get others to act,” he said.
Anthony said that Pitts, 48, had been radicalized in the U.S. but he had no information that Pitts had traveled out of the country.
Federal authorities say they've arrested a man who talked about setting off a bomb at a Fourth of July parade in Cleveland and attacking people watching fireworks. (July 2)
Authorities first began watching Pitts in 2017, when he lived in the Cincinnati area, after he made Facebook posts threatening violence against the U.S., Anthony said. Pitts moved to Cleveland in May.
Pitts began meeting with an undercover agent and discussed several ways to carry out an attack, according to court documents. Pitts also talked about his hatred for the U.S. military, Anthony said.
An undercover agent in late June gave Pitts a bus pass and a cellphone that he thought were from al-Qaida supporters so that he could go downtown and look for locations to carry out his attacks, according to a complaint filed by authorities.
Pitts shot videos of potential targets such as a federal building and a U.S. Coast Guard station and then turned over the phone last week, believing the photos and videos would be given to al-Qaida members, the document said.
In recent weeks, Pitts also talked about wanting to travel to Philadelphia, and on Sunday he told the undercover agent he wanted to conduct reconnaissance for an attack using a truck packed with explosives, similar to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, authorities said in the complaint.
Pitts told the agent that Philadelphia would be the “big target” and that the attack “will be done” on Labor Day, according to an affidavit. Pitts also pointed to possible targets, including Philadelphia's City Hall and a federal building, the court document said.
The parents of Sydney man Matthew Leveson have marked what would have been his 31st birthday by helping start a rejuvenation at the national park where his body was found.
A large section of the Royal National Park, south of the city, was left ruined following three extensive police searches, the last of which in May uncovered Matt's remains nearly 10 years after he died.
His parents Mark and Faye Leveson on Tuesday joined national parks officers at the site and planted two trees themselves.
Mr Leveson said the pair had become used to visiting the site to search for their son, but a trip to the park had taken on another meaning.
"Now we're going there and reflecting on Matt - it's a different feeling now," he told AAP on Tuesday.
"I guess it makes the place even more peaceful."
Matt was last seen in 2007 leaving Darlinghurst's ARQ nightclub with then-boyfriend Michael Atkins, who was acquitted of his murder in 2009.
Police were led to his burial site by Atkins after he was offered immunity from perjury and contempt of court charges and last week a NSW coroner delivered an open finding in the case.
The Levesons do not believe Atkins' claims he found their son dead after an apparent drug overdose.
Mrs Leveson said marking Matt's 31st birthday was bittersweet and reflected on the "deal" they had to strike to find their son's body.
"Obviously I'm over the moon we've found him," she said.
"But at the same time it was at a price.
"I'd pay that price again to get him back."
In late May, Matt's remains were found beneath a cabbage tree palm and the Levesons have relocated the palm to a garden in their backyard.
Mrs Leveson said she felt part of her son had been to their home.
"By having that little bit of soil and the palm that he nourished all those years, it's a bit of a comfort," she said.
"We can go there and I feel him around us - it's a beautiful place.
"Given that, I'd much rather have Matty back."
Increased European scrutiny of a police investigation into the killing of a journalist in Malta reveals the degree of international concern about the rule of law on the Mediterranean island, one of the journalist's sons said on Tuesday.
Anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia was killed by a car bomb in October near her house. Maltese authorities have charged three men with carrying out the murder but have not identified those who ordered it.
The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE), a pan-European body with 47 member states, appointed on Monday Dutch parliamentarian Pieter Omtzigt to monitor and report on the Maltese police investigation.
The Council of Europe, a rights watchdog, is distinct from the 28-nation European Union. Malta is a member of both.
“This monitoring is unprecedented for an EU member state. It shows the extent of the worry in Europe about the situation in Malta,” said Andrew Caruana Galizia, the journalist's son.
The EU's justice commissioner said on Monday she would visit Malta soon to see how the investigation is progressing and to look at its anti-money laundering moves.
Omtzigt has a mandate to ensure that the murder is “thoroughly and impartially investigated… without political interference,” according to a PACE motion presented earlier this year that paved the way for his appointment.
A press officer for the Council of Europe said it would be “the first time that the Assembly has prepared a report on the issue of an individual murder in an EU member state”.
The body has so far monitored murder investigations in only two cases, both in Russia, which is not in the European Union though it is a member of the Council of Europe.
The move came as a group of local and international media groups, including Reuters, began following up stories covered by Caruana Galizia, in an initiative called the Daphne Project.
Maltese authorities say they do not know the motive for the crime. A one million euro reward offered by the government for information remains unclaimed.
By: Jill Gattens, Staff Writer
Towson (14-19, 3-6 CAA) dropped a three-game series at the hands of Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) rival Elon (18-19, 8-4 CAA) this weekend at Schuerholz Park.
In Sunday's series finale, Elon jumped out to an early 3-0 lead in the first inning and never looked back. In the second inning, redshirt senior outfielder AJ Gallo scored Towson's lone run when junior infielder Logan Burke doubled to the right field corner.
Elon outhit Towson 19-6 and went on to clinch the series victory with an 8-1 win.
Michael Adams (2-4) suffered the loss after giving up five earned runs on 11 hits through five innings of work.
“It could've been a winning weekend,” Head Coach Mike Gottlieb said. “It kind of slipped out of our hands.”
In Saturday's game, Elon took an early 1-0 lead. However, Towson got on the board in the third inning when sophomore infielder Richie Palacios scored on redshirt junior outfielder Colin Gimblet's RBI single.
In the seventh inning, the Tigers took a 4-2 lead when Palacios and sophomore infielder Richard Miller scored on a throwing error.
However, the Phoenix took a one-run lead in the top of the ninth inning. The Tigers tried to rally in the bottom of the ninth but fell 5-4.
Redshirt senior pitcher Kevin Ross took a no-decision. He allowed two earned runs on three hits through eight-plus innings of work and struck out a career-high nine batters.
Junior pitcher David Marriggi (4-2) took the loss after allowing two runs on two hits in one inning of work.
In Friday's series opener, Towson quickly fell behind Elon 8-0 but came back late in the game to earn an 11-10 victory.
In the bottom of the seventh, freshman outfielder Andrew Cassard doubled down the right field line to score redshirt senior infielder Colin Dyer.
In the top of the eighth inning, Gallo scored on a RBI single by Cassard. Later, junior infielder Billy Lennox delivered a two-run single to pull the Tigers within two runs of the Phoenix.
In the bottom of the ninth, Gimblet led off the inning with a solo home run. Later, Dyer doubled into the gap to score Sanford.
Dyer eventually moved up to third base and scored the winning run on a passed ball to give Towson an 11-10 victory.
Marriggi (4-1) picked up the win. He allowed one hit through one inning of work.
“We've done a better job at hitting in all fields,” Gottlieb said. “The hitting has been significantly better.”
Towson will play a pair of midweek games against Maryland Eastern Shore and George Washington before traveling to College of Charleston for a three-game series this weekend.
As part of its 20th anniversary the MySchool project donated more than R30 000 to Amanzimtoti SPCA that was collected during the past fundraising fiscal by MyPlanet supporters.
The organisation has been providing a variety of vital animal care services for over three decades in the area from the Umlaas Canal in the north to Hibberdene in the south, and for approximately 30km inland to resolve cases of abandoned, abused and neglected animals.
The MySchool MyVillage MyPlanet was launched in 1997 and the programme today raises more than R6 million a month for a wide range of schools, charities and conservation organisations.
Many thousands of Durban shoppers are amongst the 1.2 million supporters nationwide who have played their part in raising a total of R500 million over the last two decades.
Popular causes amongst supporters include national organisations such as the MyPlanet Rhino Fund, the National Sea Rescue Institute (NSRI) and Operation Smile, while locally-based charities are also high on their agenda.
Last year, Durban cardholders raised more than R6.6 million for the schools and charities they choose to support including Amanzimtoti SPCA.
My School initially focused on just school fundraising, MyVillage and MyPlanet were added as additional options in 2007.
Several dedicated funds have also been launched such as the Thuso Fund for Schools and Charities to specifically assist under-resourced schools and charities.
In addition, the Dream2Teach Scholarship Fund was launched by the programme in September which enables supporters to raise funds to provide bursaries to matriculants.
Queensland's Liberal National Party is meeting to decide their next leader, with Deb Frecklington considered the favourite for the role.
The Nanango MP, who was deputy leader to Tim Nicholls during last month's losing election campaign, is one of three candidates vying for the position on Tuesday along with John-Paul Langbroek and outsider Mark Robinson.
Several MPs who spoke to AAP on Monday said Frecklington's recruitment of potential rival Tim Mander to run as her deputy had given her the upper hand in a potentially tight vote.
Whitsunday MP Jason Costigan, however, says the party needs to acknowledge the situation in north Queensland, where the LNP won just two seats north of Gladstone in the election.
"Central, north and far north Queensland are sick to death of being neglected," Mr Costigan told AAP.
"It almost looks like north Queensland has been hit by an atomic bomb as far as the LNP is concerned.
"We've only got two of us north of Bundaberg - we may as well meet in a phone booth in Bowen."
Mr Costigan has put his hand up for the deputy's role and says while he doesn't covet the top job, he is "well and truly up" for the deputy's role.
While Mr Costigan says whoever earns the leadership needs the support of the party, Mr Langbroek has both "town and country appeal".
Mr Mander's decision to give his support to Ms Frecklington has surprised many with some in the party warning the move could undermine his chances of claiming the leadership in the future.
Self-described underdog candidate Dr Robinson says his support is growing but few realistically think he has the numbers to trouble either Ms Frecklington or Mr Langbroek.
It is hoped the findings, published recently in the Journal of Applied Volcanology, will help increase our understanding of volcanic hazards and the subsequent threat to life.
A tenth of the world's population lives within the potential footprint of volcanic hazards with more than 800 million people living within 100 km of active volcanoes.
Between 1500 and 2017 more than 278,000 people met their fate as a result of volcanic hazards - on average that's about 540 people a year.
Volcanoes produce numerous hazards which affect different distances, in both times of eruption and when the volcano is quiet.
During this research Dr Sarah Brown from the University of Bristol's School of Earth Sciences and colleagues, updated previous databases of volcanic fatalities by correcting data, adding events and, crucially, now including information on the location of the fatalities in terms of distance from the volcano.
The location of fatal incidents was identified from official reports, volcano activity bulletins, scientific reports and media stories.
Nearly half of all fatal incidents were recorded within 10 km of volcanoes but fatalities are recorded as far away as 170 km.
Close to volcanoes (within 5 km) ballistics or volcanic bombs dominate the fatality record.
Pyroclastic density currents, fast-moving avalanches of hot rock, ash and gas are the dominant cause of death at more medial distances (5-15 km).
Lahars - volcanic mudflows, tsunami and tephra (ashfall) - are the main cause of death at greater distances.
As well as the distances, Dr Brown and her team were also able to classify the victims in more detail than any previous studies.
Whilst most victims were people who live on or near the volcano, several groups were identified as common victims. These were namely tourists, media, emergency response personnel and scientists (mostly volcanologists).
561 tourist fatalities were recorded, mostly during small eruptions or in times of quiescence when the volcano was not actively erupting. Most of these fatalities occurred close to the volcano (within 5 km), with ballistics being the most common cause of death in eruptions.
A recent example of tourist fatalities was the 2014 Ontake eruption in Japan when hikers on the volcano were caught out by a sudden eruption which tragically killed 57 people.
And, just a few weeks ago, a child and his parents died in Campi Flegri in Italy, likely overcome by deadly gases when the ground collapsed beneath them in a restricted area.
The fatalities of 67 scientists (mostly volcanologists and those supporting their work) were recorded with more than 70 per cent of these within 1 km of the volcano summit, highlighting the danger to field scientists visiting the summit of active volcanoes.
Disaster prevention and response personnel, military and emergency services working to evacuate, rescue or recover victims of volcanic eruptions have unfortunately also lost their lives, with 57 fatalities of emergency response personnel.
The deaths of 30 media employees are also recorded - these were reporting on eruptions and were often within the declared danger zones.
Dr Brown, who is also a member of the University of Bristol's Cabot Institute, said: "The identification of these groups of victims is key for improving safety and reducing deaths and injuries in these groups.
"While volcanologists and emergency response personnel might have valid reasons for their approach into hazardous zones, the benefits and risks must be carefully weighed.
"The media and tourists should observe exclusion zones and follow direction from the authorities and volcano observatories.
"Tourist fatalities could be reduced with appropriate access restrictions, warnings and education."
The location data allows the characterisation of volcanic threat with distance, as a function of eruption size and the hazard type. It contributes to risk reduction by providing an empirical dataset on which to forecast impacts and support evidence-based eruption planning and preparedness.
The data and analysis support assessment of volcanic threat, population exposure and vulnerabilities, and is a good step towards systematic fatality data collection which supports the priority target of the Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction in reducing mortality from disasters.
###
Paper: 'Volcanic fatalities database: analysis of volcanic threat with distance and victim classification' by S. Brown, S. Jenkins, S. Sparks, H. Odbert and M. Auker in the Journal of Applied Volcanology.
Woman, 37, found unresponsive in home early on March 15; taken to hospital where she died
The Vernon-North Okanagan RCMP General Investigative Section (GIS) has taken lead of a sudden death investigation after a 37-year-old woman was found unresponsive in her Vernon home.
Police were notified in the early hours of March 15 that the woman was taken to hospital from her residence on Cordon Place, near The Rise Golf Course. She subsequently died at VJH.
“Due to the circumstances, investigators are now looking into the matter to determine if foul play was involved in her death,” said RCMP spokesperson Const. Kelly Brett.
RCMP were still at the home as of Monday as the investigation is ongoing.
“There is no risk to the public,” said Brett.
No further information is being released at this time.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@saobserver.net.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
ROME (Sputnik) — The division of Syria on zones of influence is the worst potential scenario for the war-torn country, UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura said Wednesday.
"The possible division of Syria on zones of influence would be the worst-case scenario because we all know that it could lead to prolonged civil war and instability," de Mistura said following a meeting with Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano in Rome.
"We, at the United Nations, will never support this process," the UN diplomat stressed.
Russia's demographic crisis was put in stark terms by Ilan Berman in a Moscow Times editorial on Tuesday, as he quoted a report from Russia's statistics agency that spoke of “extinction.”
Berman cites Rosstat figures that Russia had 70,000 fewer births in the first four months of 2017 than it did over the same period in 2016, suggesting an overall population decline of 300,000 by 2018. Russia's current population is just over 143 million, but President Vladimir Putin has predicted it could shrink to 107 million by 2050.
One of Putin's ideas for dealing with the problem was to offer an $11,000 bonus for having at least two children. That is roughly equivalent to the annual income of the average Russian middle-class worker, but Berman reports the impact of the bonus program was “negligible.”
Russia actually gives parents a medal for having seven or more children, the Order of Parental Glory, but that has not helped much either.
Russia is unusual among demographically-challenged countries in having an official blueprint for dealing with the problem, but it is evidently a rather vague “blueprint” that has yet to produce much in the way of effective policy. Berman suggests the Kremlin knock off its extensive military spending and “foreign adventurism in places like Ukraine and Syria,” and spend more on health care and education. The Kremlin is not very likely to heed that advice.
Putin did not offer his rubles-for-rugrats scheme as a crisis measure for dealing with demographic collapse. He flaunted it as a sign of inevitable Russian triumph while taunting European nations for their anemic birth rates. His criticism was not without merit, as Germany, Italy, Austria, Spain, Greece, and Portugal all have lower birth rates than Russia – the latter three nations' birth rates are much lower.
Putin crowed that his policies would “take care of people and increase human capital as Russia's most important resource” in December 2016.” He told his parliament he expected human capital to blossom so much that Europe and the United States would lose their ability to prod Russia with sanctions. However, while Russia's birth rate has ticked up a bit lately, it remains well below the level Putin confidently predicted.
Birth rates are only part of the demographic puzzle. Russia suffers from persistent life expectancy problems, particularly among male heavy drinkers, and occasional mortality spikes nobody can figure out. Healthy birth rates can go a long way toward offsetting high mortality rates in a population and, conversely, long life expectancy does not help to sustain a population if the birth rate falls far enough.
Some analysts believe, contrary to Ilan Berman's gloomy forecast, that Russia's birth rates have rebounded well enough to defuse the demographic crisis. A Reuters piece in March argued that Russia's private health care industry is booming due to rising fertility rates, driven by the desire of new parents to obtain better maternity care than the state provides.
Alternatively, one might speculate that increasingly accessible and affordable private care is making couples more comfortable with accepting the risks and hardships of childbirth. State-run clinics in Russia don't sound like a very welcoming environment for accepting stork deliveries as Reuters describes them.
If things really are looking up, then Russia is emerging from what Business Insider called a “perfect demographic storm” that was “crippling” the nation in 2015. Up to 30 percent of Russian deaths in one study were alcohol-related. Russia has also battled other forms of drug abuse, and a serious HIV/AIDS crisis, contributing to that notoriously high mortality rate for Russian men. It is likely that men embarked upon such tragically short life paths are not settling down to family life and raising children.
There is no getting around the simple reality that population growth demands a sizable number of couples having three or more children, which generally requires getting started on family life at a relatively young age. Financial incentives to defray the cost of having and raising children may be helpful, but Russia's experience offers the latest evidence that it takes more than money for populations to flourish.
April 13 Arbutus Biopharma Corp
* Arbutus biopharma corp - arbutus injunction survives attempted appeal by acuitas
* Arbutus biopharma corp - on March 7, 2017, acuitas appealed injunction decision and on april 3, 2017, appeal was denied
* Arbutus biopharma corp - case regarding termination of acuitas' license from arbutus will be tried in court subject to scheduling Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Athanasios Athanasiou
“Cyprus offers the interesting example of an economy saved with the help of economic adjustment and responsible reforms,” the Martens Centre, the European People's Party (EPP) in house think tank has said.
In a recent report, the Martens Centre explains the circumstances that led to today's success story on the island, highlighting the need for further vigilance, noting that “the country exited the bailout program on track in 2016 due to ambitious and consistent implementation of necessary reforms.”
More specifically, it states that “the Cypriot economy should not rest on its laurels even if it has registered a significant improvement”, mentioning a forecast by Oxford Economics that “warns that reform is still necessary as the ‘legacy of the 2012-2013 crisis can still be seen in the banking sector'.
“Further work on restructuring non-performing loans and improving public finances is required in order for the positive forecasts to become a reality. Rags-to-riches stories are popular, but so are riches-to-rags,” warned the centre-right Brussels think tank. Even so, the think tank praised Cyprus for “agreeing to and implementing reforms as well as deciding whether or not the intended reforms had the intended outcome”, contrary to relevant academic literature showing how difficult this is.
“In this respect, the performance of Cyprus is a clear example of the positive link between a bailout program for a country in deep crisis and sustainable economic activity,” states the report.
According to the Martens Centre assessment, “during the 2000s Cyprus registered strong growth driven by buoyant domestic demand according to a European Commission report”, mentioning that “on average, Cyprus' real GDP grew at a rate of 2.75% between 2000 and 2010 compared to the 1.4% of the euro area for the same timeframe.”
“The country enjoyed high employment rates, low inflation rates and rising real disposable income. This led to real convergence with the stronger economies in the European Union,” it says.
“However, this positive image was underpinned by economic vulnerabilities and imbalances due to the mismanagement of public finances. Notably, Cyprus ran current account deficits averaging 6.9% of GDP for approximately one decade during EU accession and entry to the euro area. In order to finance its current account deficit, Cyprus relied on foreign direct investment, which provided little added value to the economy,” the report stated.
Furthermore it notedthat “the public sector had grown extensively in the 2000s, taxpayer compliance was low, and total government expenditure as a share of GDP increased”, adding that “the banking sector was vulnerable because of inadequate prudential supervision and because of its openness towards Greece.
“When the financial crisis and subsequent euro crisis hit, the Cypriot banking sector was severely impacted. Cyprus reached a 6.3% budget deficit and gross debt rose sharply to 85.8% of GDP and subsequently going over 100%. Cyprus was shut out of financial markets for 18 months starting in mid-2011”, the report said. “In order to adjust its economy, Cyprus agreed a bailout program and undertook comprehensive structural reforms. The implementation of the bailout program of €10 billion (56% of Cypriot GDP) took place between 2013 and 2016.”
On the banking sector, the report stated: “it was one of the largest sovereign bailouts in history. The bailout program targeted Cypriot banks and involved a severe austerity program (cuts to public spending, tax increases, and privatisation of semi-government organisations). The reform to the banking sector, which saw Cyprus' second-largest bank shut down, was received negatively by the public as it involved losses by all stakeholders in the banking sector, especially bondholders and depositors.”
According to the Martens Centre, “the government in Cyprus was determined in its response to the crisis and Cypriots were stoic in their resolve to see the reforms through. Apart from minor unrest towards the beginning of 2013, there were little protests and no riots against the austerity program. While Cyprus resembles other countries in the euro area most affected by the crisis, it represents a success story in crisis management.
“Statistical data from Eurostat supports the positive contribution government policy since 2013 has made to the country's recovery. Cyprus ranks among the top ten countries in the European Union on key financial indicators. Data for the third quarter of 2017 shows a 0.9% increase in GDP over the previous quarter and a 3.9% increase over 2016. Employment has increased by 0.7% in the third quarter when compared to the second and by 3.5% when compared to 2016. Equally, Cyprus registered the fifth largest year-on-year decrease in unemployment in the European Union, from 13.1% in 2016 to 11.0% in the third quarter of 2017,” it said.
According to the report, Cyprus had the largest year-on-year drop in government debt to GDP ratio (7.4%) in the EU in the third quarter of 2017, mentioning a European Commission forecast, showing that growth is expected to remain strong in 2018 and 2019 coupled with a strong labour market and modest inflation. It finally mentions that the economy of Cyprus has outperformed the government's budgetary targets, and government debt is likely to fall below 100% of GDP in 2019.
THE Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used Twitter accounts to anonymously trash his own players and other executives and defend himself against fan and media criticism.
The five accounts took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to a report by The Ringer website.
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said he wasn't familiar with the other four and didn't know who was behind them.
“The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter,” the Sixers said on Wednesday in a statement.
“We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded.”
Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star centre, tweeted that he didn't believe the report.
“I don't believe the story. That would just be insane,” he wrote.
The Ringer said in its report it has been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip.
The site said it does not know the source of the tip but archived and monitored the tweets and found connections between the accounts.
Colangelo was hired as president of basketball operations for Philadelphia in April 2016. He served as Toronto's general manager from 2006-2013. The son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, he stepped in with the Sixers after Hinkie resigned.
He lost his GM job in Toronto after the Raptors missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
Do you have open hands to show and share the love of Jesus Christ with others?
“Open Hands” is the theme of this year's North Carolina Missions Offering (NCMO), the annual offering that supports a variety of ministries that seek to meet physical and spiritual needs in North Carolina and beyond.
Generally received in September of each year, the NCMO supports Baptists on Mission (also known as N.C. Baptist Men), church planting, mission camps, local Baptist associations and missions mobilization projects. The goal for this year's offering is $2.1 million.
The theme of “Open Hands” is based upon Psalm 145:16 which reads, “You open Your hand and satisfy the desire of every living thing” (NKJV).
“This verse is a reminder that God has opened His hands to us so that we may open our hands to others,” said Richard Brunson, executive director of Baptists on Mission.
Baptists on Mission is comprised of 18 different ministries, several of which share the love of Christ by meeting the physical needs of individuals.
“Helping meet people's physical needs is a great way to build bridges to the gospel,” Brunson said.
Disaster relief is one of the most visible ministries of Baptists on Mission. The 2017 hurricane season was the most expensive in U.S. history. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria all ranked among the top-five the costliest storms in U.S. history.
Yet in the aftermath of those events, N.C. Baptist disaster relief volunteers came alongside hurting individuals in places like Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico to help them put their lives back together and point them to Christ. That's in addition to assisting with the ongoing long-term relief efforts related to Hurricane Matthew, which struck North Carolina in the fall of 2016.
Including the hurricanes, N.C. Baptists respond to a total of 18 different disasters in 2017, totaling more than 29,000 total volunteer service days. Volunteers repaired hundreds of homes and provided more than 500,000 meals to those in need. Through those and other efforts, thousands of seeds have been planted and more than 90 individuals made a first-time commitment to Jesus Christ through the Baptists on Mission disaster relief ministry.
“The generous support provided to the North Carolina Missions Offering makes all of this possible,” Brunson said.
In addition to disaster relief, the ministries of Baptists on Mission also help involve individuals and churches in short-term missions projects through a number of missions partnerships. Two mission camps located in the N.C. communities of Red Springs and Shelby offer local churches the opportunity to participate in a variety of local missions projects.
In addition, thousands of volunteers participate in short-term missions trips across the country and around the globe through one of Baptists on Mission's many missions partnerships. Locations served in the United States include the Appalachian coalfields, Hawaii, Pennsylvania, the Rocky Mountain states and New England. Globally, volunteers serve in Armenia, Cuba, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Kenya, Romania and South Africa.
The NCMO also provides support to the Baptist State Convention of North Carolina's efforts related to church planting.
The convention's team of church planting consultants provides training, coaching and additional support to church planters, equipping them to reach their communities for Christ. By giving to the NCMO, you help plant churches that make disciples of Jesus Christ.
In 2017, the Baptist state convention worked with 101 new churches – 71 new church plants and 30 new affiliate churches. These new churches reported a total of more than 6,700 professions of faith and more than 5,400 in worship attendance.
The NCMO also supports missions on the local level across North Carolina. Each year, a portion of the offering is designated for local Baptist associations throughout North Carolina for a variety of missions and ministry efforts.
For more information about the North Carolina Missions Offering, visit ncmissionsoffering.org.
There's a right and a wrong way to ask someone out to prom and one Florida high school student found out Sunday that his way was very wrong when a picture of his racist prom proposal sign went viral on social media.
Eighteen-year-old Noah Crowley, who goes to Riverview High School in Sarasota, Florida, created a prom proposal sign that read, "If I was black, I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white, so I'm picking u 4 proms" and posted a picture of it on Snapchat.
The photo quickly made its way to Twitter, getting circulated widely in the last few days, and as widely panned as racially insensitive.
​"[The post] was racial in nature and [the] administration became aware of it last night," Riverview Principal Kathy Wilks said in a Monday statement. "Many who saw the post are understandably upset with its contents as well as the subsequent commentary to the post. Riverview High School absolutely does not condone or support the message conveyed in this point."
"We are focused on ensuring that Riverview High School provides a safe and secure environment for all of our students and that all students feel welcome and understand the value that they all bring to our school community. Our guidance counselors and administrators are available for any student who wish to speak to someone regarding the issue. Riverview High School has a wonderful student population and we know our school will use this incident as an opportunity to have productive conversations about respect for one another," Wilks' statement continued.
Anton Kernohan, a student at Riverview, told Raw Story that the incident reveals that racism is still very much alive today.
"But I think it is actually important that this issue occurred at some level," Kernohan told Raw Story this week. "It shows that racism is still alive and well in our society and it shows that racism is still alive in my generation and it is something that we as the youth will have to continue to fight against."
In a Tuesday statement, the Sarasota County School District wrote, "Although this message is one student's opinion, we take the matter of racial relations and school safety seriously, and we look forward to working with our students and these outside groups have a meaningful and informative dialogue and expanded curriculum related to this important national topic."
It is unclear whether Crowley has faced or will face any disciplinary action. He has publicly apologized for the sign on social media since the accident, WFLA reported.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The top U.S. military officer said Monday that the United States wants to peacefully resolve a deepening standoff with North Korea but is also ready to use the “full range” of its military capabilities in case of provocation.
The comments by Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford in a series of meetings with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump's warnings if need be.
Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” and said he was ready to unleash “fire and fury” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
North Korea, meanwhile, has threatened to lob four intermediate-range missiles into the waters near Guam, a tiny U.S. territory about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. This would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective, and there has been widespread debate about whether Washington would try to shoot the missiles down if they're fired.
The U.S.-North Korea impasse, which has simmered since the end of the Korean War in 1953, has grown more tense in recent months over worries that the North's nuclear weapons program is nearing the ability to target the U.S. mainland. Pyongyang tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month.
“We are seeking a peaceful resolution to the crisis,” Dunford, who also met with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, said to reporters, according to a local pool report.
He earlier told his South Korean counterparts that America is ready “to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the U.S. homeland,” according to U.S. military spokesman Capt. Darryn James.
Moon separately called Monday for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, saying that “there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula,” according to his office.
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House, Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries. Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provoking.
North Korea, which is angry over new United Nations sanctions condemning its rapidly developing nuclear and missile program, continued its tough stance on Monday.
The North accused the United States of mobilizing a huge number of weapons and troops for annual military drills with South Korea that begin later this month. Pyongyang, which claims the drills are war preparation, says it will be ready to send its Guam missile launch plan to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for approval just before or as the drills begin.
“What matters is that if a second conflict (on the peninsula) erupts, that cannot help but lead to a nuclear war,” the North's official Korean Central News Agency said in a commentary. “We are closely monitoring every move by the United States.”
The commentary said that about 3.5 million young students and workers have volunteered to join or rejoin the army because of a possible confrontation with the United States.
Dunford earlier told reporters traveling with him to Asia that he aims to “sense what the temperature is in the region.” He also will discuss military options in the event the “diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign” fails.
“We're all looking to get out of this situation without a war,” Dunford said.
Chinese President Xi Jinping talked on the phone Saturday with Trump and called for cool-headedness. Xi urged Washington and Pyongyang to avoid words or actions that could worsen the situation.
Trump has pushed China, North Korea's biggest economic partner and source of aid, to do more to stop the North's nuclear ambitions. Beijing says its influence on Pyongyang is limited.
Trump's recent threats followed a report that U.S. intelligence indicates North Korea can now put a nuclear warhead on its long-range missiles.
For all his bluster, Trump's words did not appear to be backed by significant military mobilization on either side of the Pacific, and an important, quiet diplomatic channel remained open.
On Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Trump's national security adviser, tried to provide assurances that a conflict is avoidable, while also supporting Trump's tough talk. They said the United States and its allies no longer can afford to stand by as North Korea pushes ahead with the development of a nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missile.
Pentaerythritol Market is estimated to spot a considerable growth in CAGR from 2018 to 2025. This report gives an in-depth assessment of current Pentaerythritol key market drivers, market size and trends and Global Pentaerythritol opportunities, challenges, key market segments and technological developments.
Market Overview:
Pentaerythritol (C5H12O4) is a white, crystalline powder, which contains four hydroxyl groups and is derived from aldol condensation process of acetaldehyde and formaldehyde. Derivatives of pentaerythritol such as pentaerythritol tetranitrate, pentaerythritol tri-acrylate, pentaerythritol esters, and dipentaerythritol are used in the production of explosives, paints, inks, and others. Pentaerythritol finds wide usage in various ends use applications such as lubricants, inks, adhesive & sealant, paints & coatings, plasticizers, varnishes, and others on account of their superior adhesion, weather & chemical resistance, high melting point, and high flash point.
Key Players
Some of the prominent players operating in the global pentaerythritol market are Celanese Corporation (U.S.), Perstorp Holding AB (Sweden), Ercros S.A (Spain), Merck KGaA (Germany), Hubei Yihua Group Co.,Ltd (China), Mitsui Chemicals, Inc (Japan), Samyang Chemical Corporation (South Korea), Methanol Chemicals Company (Saudi Arabia), Kanoria Chemicals & Industries Limited (India), Jiangsu Ruiyang Chemical Co., Ltd. (China), U-JIN Chemical Co.,Ltd (South Korea) among others.
Get Sample Copy of this Report here: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5599
Intended Audience
Pentaerythritol manufacturers
Traders and Distributors of pentaerythritol
Production Process Industries
Potential Investors
Raw Material Suppliers
Nationalized Laboratory
Segmentation
The global pentaerythritol market is categorized on the basis of application, and region. On the basis of the application, the market is categorized into paints & coatings, plasticizers, lubricants, adhesive & sealant, inks, varnishes, and others. Others application comprises of medicine, flame retardants, pesticide, and explosives. On the basis of the regions, pentaerythritol market is segmented into Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East & Africa.
Regional Analysis
The global pentaerythritol market spanned over five regions: Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East & Africa. The Asia Pacific region is estimated to grow at the highest CAGR over the forecast period on account of the continuous expansion of various end-use industries such as transportation & automotive, agriculture, building & construction, and plastic industry among others. The demand for pentaerythritol is estimated to surge in several countries of the Asia Pacific such as South Korea, China, India, the Philippines, Australia, Taiwan, Japan, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Bangladesh, and Vietnam due to increasing population along with rising consumption of pesticide to produce high-quality crops. Moreover increasing disposable income along with growing production and sales of an automotive vehicle is estimated to propel the market growth in this region. Additionally, rising purchasing power, inexpensive labor and land cost, low production set up cost, and moderately stringent regulatory framework are some of the important factors in the regional market growth.
Full report on Pentaerythritol Market report spread across 142 pages, profiling 15 companies and supported with tables and figures available @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/pentaerythritol-market-5599
LIST OF FIGURES:
FIGURE 1 Global Pentaerythritol Market Segmentation
FIGURE 2 Forecast Methodology
FIGURE 3 Five Forces Analysis Of Global Pentaerythritol Market
FIGURE 4 Value Chain Of Global Pentaerythritol Market
FIGURE 5 Share Of Global Pentaerythritol Market In 2016, By Country (In %)
FIGURE 6 Global Pentaerythritol Market, 2016-2023,
FIGURE 7 Sub Segments Of Application
FIGURE 8 Global Pentaerythritol Market Size By Application, 2016
FIGURE 9 Share Of Global Pentaerythritol Market By Application, 2016 To 2023
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Graz, Leoben Offer Mater's Program in NATM Engineering
Graz University of Technology and the Mining University Leoben have announced the establishment of a master's program in NATM Engineering that will start in September 2017.
The specialized university program NATM Engineering was created by the two universities to satisfy the continuously increasing worldwide demand for qualified tunnel engineers and aim at increasing the skills of the participants in the fields of geotechnical engineering and tunneling, with an emphasis on the “New Austrian Tunneling Method” (NATM).
RELATED: Devil's Slide Tunnel Among UCA Award Winners
The organizing institutes have decades of worldwide experience in the areas of underground engineering and tunneling. In addition to the academic teaching staff, lecturers from consultants, contractors, and suppliers provide up-to-date knowledge. The use of distance learning elements and of blocked courses one time per semester (three weeks each) allows international and working students to participate.
An informational brochure is available for download. Additional information is available on the program website. Finally, a video about the program is available on YouTube.
May 2 Catapult Group International Ltd-
* Reiterates fy17 revenue guidance of between $61.0m and $65.5m
* Is targeting two acquisitions of strategically complementary businesses
* To fund acquisitions co is raising approximately A$14 million via an institutional placement
* 24% pcp growth in elite unit sales to 2,583 versus 2,085 in q3 fy16
* Expected to generate positive group underlying ebitda for fy2017
* Is also extending offer to eligible shareholders via a share purchase plan (spp), to raise up to $3 million
* Institutional placement and spp are priced at $2 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The positive investor sentiment in the manufacturing sector will prove immensely beneficial to the growth of the global electric motors market, finds the latest report by Transparency Market Research. The report, titled, ‘Electric Motors Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2013 – 2019,' states that the market will log a 6.3% CAGR between 2013 and 2019, as it rises to a valuation of US$120.68 bn by 2019. With organizations prioritizing energy efficiency, the role of electric motors in various industry verticals has become crucial.
Although projected to register a healthy rate of growth, the global electric motors market's growth is expected to be held back by factors such as the high prices of energy-efficient motors and volatile raw material prices. TMR analysts recommend market players to invest efforts in producing electric motors that offer higher standards of efficiency.
The report segments the global electric motors market on the basis of output power, by type, by geography, and applications. The regional markets studied in the report include: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. As per the findings of the study, the Asia Pacific electric motors market was not only the largest in the world in 2012, but is poised to be the fastest growing market in terms of compounded annual growth rate (CAGR).
Sample copy of the Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1756
Much of the dynamism in the Asia Pacific electric motors market stems from the superlative industrial growth that has been seen in China and India in recent years. To add to this, rapidly industrializing countries such as Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand are contributing substantially to the demand for electric motors for various applications.
Competition has always remained intense in the global electric motors market with the presence of a number of local and global players. While this has made it difficult for companies to foray into new markets confidently, it gives consumers higher bargaining power. Even though the market is witnessing a greater degree of standardization, price and product differentiation remains low.
Get a Custom Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=1756
From the standpoint of application, the market has been segmented into motor vehicles, industrial machinery, HVAC equipment, aerospace and other transportation equipment, household appliances, and commercial and other industry. Of these, the motor vehicles segment represented the largest share in the electric motors market in 2012.
A sudden and sweeping interest in electric vehicles can be credited for the high demand for electric motors from the automotive industry. Countries such as the United States, Germany, China, Japan, India, and others are at the forefront of the EV adoption trend and this is also where electric motor manufacturers face an opportunity. The HVAC industry is also expected to generate massive demand for electric motors, making the HVAC segment of the electric motors market a lucrative one.
Other applications where such motors will find progressively higher usage are in industrial machinery and household appliances.TMR's report also states that AC motors garnered higher revenue than hermetic and DC motors in 2012. The coming years will, however, see a spike in the use of hermetic motors.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO — The death of a 19-year-old whose body was found in a walk-in freezer at a hotel near Chicago has been ruled an accident, the Cook County Medical Examiner said Friday.
Kenneka Jenkins' cause of death has been deemed to be hypothermia due to cold exposure, the medical examiner said.
Alcohol and topiramate, a medication used to treat epilepsy and migraines that Jenkins was not prescribed but which was found in her system, were "significant contributing factors" in her death. Her blood alcohol level was .112 -- significantly higher than the .08 figure used to determine that a drinker is too drunk to drive.
"When combined, the effect of either or both drugs is enhanced. Topiramate, like alcohol, can cause dizziness, impaired memory, impaired concentration, poor coordination, confusion and impaired judgment," the medical examiner said in the statement.
Jenkins entered an unused kitchen at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosemont, Ill., about 3:30 a.m. on Sept. 9, video surveillance shows. Her body was found in the walk-in freezer 21 hours later, investigators said.
No one was seen entering the kitchen area with Jenkins and there's no evidence there was any kind of altercation prior to her death, the ME said. The autopsy revealed no evidence of any so-called date-rape drugs and "no other evidence of external or internal trauma."
RISING LEVELS - The Red Deer River rose by half a metre over the past 24 hours, leading to additional closures within the City. Mark Weber/Red Deer Express
Water levels on Waskasoo Creek have dropped, but the Red Deer River rose by half a metre as of Tuesday, leading to additional closures within the City.
Due to rising water levels and unsafe conditions on the Red Deer River, the following boat launches are now closed – Kiwanis Picnic Park, Great West Adventure Park, McKenzie Trails and Waskasoo Crescent.
Bookings and special events will not be allowed at Rotary Park or Barrett Park until May 11th to allow time for cleanup and for the water to drain. Existing events will be moved or cancelled and organizers have been notified.
Although water levels have lowered in Waskasoo Creek, the following closures remain in effect – Barrett Park is closed, extending from Ross Street to Kinex Arena, Rotary Park, including the playground and skate park, is closed, Waskasoo Park has some localized flooding and 43rd St. from 48th Ave. to 49th Ave. remains closed as well.
Residents are urged to use extreme caution around any body of water, as water levels can change quickly during spring melt and it is not safe for people or pets to enter the water at this time.
City crews will continue to monitor the situation and will provide updates as more information becomes available.
-Submitted by City of Red Deer
Junior Football Championship
Glyde Rangers 0-12 Stabannon Parnells 2-1
The free-taking of Trevor O'Brien was crucial as Glyde Rangers advanced to the semi-finals of the Junior Championship at the Gaelic Grounds on Sunday night.
Mark Gilsenan's men were far more economical and cohesive in attack compared to their opponents, Stabannon Parnells, who failed to score a point from play and took an incredible 60 minutes to register a white flag through a Daniel Bannon free.
Parnells also lost Eanna McCartney and Barry Lynch to black cards as well as Niall Cluskey to a straight red in the closing stages as their discipline deteriorated with their championship fate all but sealed.
O'Brien and Niall Sharkey put Glyde two-points ahead early on before a goal from Stabannon's Dean Lynch, the first of his two majors, both set up by David Cluskey, swung the pendulum his side's way. However, the Sky Blues responded brilliantly to take a one-point lead to the break.
In a scrappy second-half, O'Brien kept a calm head when his side needed him, converting four frees in setting the Tallanstown men on their way. Sharkey, who was a constant thorn in Stabannon's side, hit his third point towards the close for Glyde, who weathered some late Parnells pressure to secure victory.
Glyde Rangers: David Brennan; Fiachra Sheridan, Cein Sheridan, Gerard Farrell; Aaron Devlin, Mark O'Brien, Niall Sharkey (0-3); Ciaran Sheridan (0-1), Dion Conlon; Barry Sharkey(0-2, one free), Conor Sheridan, Alan Brennan; Trevor O'Brien(0-6, five frees), Brian Duffy, Gavin Duffy
Subs: Peter Duffy for Gavin Duffy (56)
Stabannon Parnells: Anto Byrne; Conor Fanning, Seán Halpenny, Alan Lynch; Barry Lynch, Martin King, Ken Lynch; Niall Cluskey, Colm Giggins; Shane Sweeney, Aonghus Giggins, Thomas McBride; Daniel Bannon (0-1, free), Dean Lynch (2-0), David Cluskey
Subs: Eanna McCartney for Ken Lynch (44), Cathal Halpenny for McCartney (48, black card), Thomas Campbell for Barry Lynch (52, black card)
Referee: Colm McCullough (Naomh Fionnbarra)
LeeAnne Locken did not enjoy watching herself on reality TV.
The 50-year-old actress and former Miss USA contestant may have become The Real Housewives of Dallas‘ season 1 breakout with her explosive temper and willingness to fight for what she believes in, but being the bad girl wasn't nearly as fun for Locken as it was for fans eating up the drama at home.
“It was miserable, I'm not going to lie to you,” Locken tells PEOPLE, looking back. “I cried every day of filming, then I was stressed beyond stressed waiting for it to air, and then it aired and I didn't have myself together because I knew that I was in the wrong.”
“No one in the city looks at me that way. They're like, ‘Oh my God, Leanne's the sweetest, Leanne will help anybody' — I just don't have that reputation here,” she continues. “So to have it on a national level? It injured my soul.”
Broken and beaten up on social media, Locken made a choice to go to therapy and change.
“Was I disappointed in myself? Did I beat myself up about it and torture myself about it daily? Yes — until I realized I needed help so I don't repeat my mistakes,” she explains. “I said, ”I can get bitter or I can be better.' And I decided to make the bad parts better. I'm truly a person who believes in self-growth every day. And it's nice to elevate my core — my authenticity and honesty — and to suffocate all that external crap.”
Coming back for season 2, Locken had a whole new attitude. “The exact words I used were, ‘You can't make me look any worse, so let's do it!” she recalls. “I've pretty much been an ass on camera. But filming [this time] was so much different and so much better. I love to be funny, I love to be witty, I love to have fun — and you get to see that this time around.”
It wasn't all rainbows and unicorns. In early December, during a break between filming, Locken contracted a flesh-eating bacterium that left her in excruciating pain. Nine months later, she says her internal injuries are “just starting to recover.”
“It was the worst health scare I've ever had in my entire life,” she says. “It took me three months to kill that thing. I was sleeping 18 hours a day, I couldn't get out of bed. My veins were collapsing from dehydration. I was at the doctor three times a week. I had to shower twice a day and dry off with a sponge. And took topical and oral medication daily. It was just an exhausting experience. I knew it was not right the second I got it, but I couldn't have imagined how bad it would be.”
The show will document her health battle as well as the motivational speaking gigs she leads, which — like her inspirational daily blog — she hopes will empower and promote women to value themselves. “If you value yourself, you're not going to let someone else talk down on you,” Locken says. “And then you leave the situation before you let yourself get caught in the trap of ‘This is my life, breaking your self-esteem down every day.' I know because I've been there. More times than I've liked to count.”
FROM PEN: Andy Cohen's Pick for the Most Absurd Real Housewives Business Ever
And for those fans looking for a little bit of the old Locken, well, the reality star promises she peaks her head out now and then — like in one scene shown in the season 2 trailer in which she smashes a glass and gets in the face of one of her costars.
“Look, I'm human,” Locken says, in her defense. “I have my moments. The only perfect person to ever walk the planet is Jesus, and I'm going to tell you now — I am nowhere near His level. So if you're looking for perfection from me? Sweetie I graduated from pageants a log time ago.”
“I've made it fairly obvious season 1 how I feel about bulls— and lies. And when you sit there and deflect and talk s— and lie about me to my face, you're kind of asking for it,” she says. “If you're still poking the bear, don't blame me when the bear eats your damn head off. That's not my fault!”
The Real Housewives of Dallas airs Mondays (10 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
THE mother of an 11-year-old Perth girl, who suffered a catastrophic brain injury after a severe electric shock at their public housing property, says she expects to get an ex-gratia payment from the State Government.
Denishar Woods was shocked with up to 230 volts when she touched a garden tap at a Beldon property in March.
Housing Minister Peter Tinley met her mother Lacey Harrison on Wednesday and said he supported her right to take legal action against the State Government.
Ms Harrison said it was likely the case would be settled out of court if the family received the support Mr Tinley outlined in a five-point-plan.
"At the end of the day it's not worth the hassle, I need to be there for my daughter and my kids," she told AAP on Thursday.
Camera Icon Denishar Woods' mother Lacy Harrison. Picture: Simon Santi
Doctors have said Denishar is incontinent and wheelchair-bound, however, Ms Harrison is hopeful she will regain more speech.
"She said Nan the other day and sometimes she gets frustrated because it's like she wants to say more but just can't," Ms Harrison said.
Denishar was meant to go home on June 8 but has remained in hospital as the property has not been altered to suit her needs.
"First we urgently need to modify the shower and house, transport, then an ex-gratia payment," Ms Harrison said.
Camera Icon Denishar Woods outside PMH with her mother Lacey Harrison and sister Jeanette Woods. Picture: Michael Wilson
She said Mr Tinley appeared "very genuine" about helping her family and had tears in his eyes when she spoke of the difficulties her daughter would face for the rest of her life.
But Ms Harrison also reminded the minister they wouldn't be going away.
"We're talking about a child here," she said.
Ms Harrison was supported by National Indigenous Critical Response Service chief Gerry Georgatos, who said it was emotional for all concerned.
"Recognising that Denishar will never enjoy her childhood ... that she will never have children ... and recognising the rest of life impacts on her siblings and her single parent mother," Mr Georgatos said.
He said he also believed the case would be settled out of court.
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly seven-year streak of continuous job gains, but economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that Hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past three months, the BLS says.
After allegations were levelled on a company owned by former Punjab cabinet minister Rana Gurjit Singh for releasing effluents into rivers and drains thereby causing pollution, Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh on Wednesday said he would not let pollution damage people's health.
Singh said, "We will not let pollution damage the health of the people of Punjab. We have pollution control measures in place; we have 64 pollution control units in Punjab. No water from any industry without being treated will be permitted to flow into rivers"
Opposition leader Sukhpal Singh Khaira alleged that effluents being released by sugar mill, Rana Sugars Ltd, are polluting the rivers and contaminating the groundwater to such an extent that it cannot be used for drinking or even irrigation human purposes. He even collected effluent samples which angered the chief minister, who called the act shameless and irresponsible for a leader of the Opposition and termed the act as trespassing. (ANI)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
A British think-tank that describes itself as a counter-jihadist organization advocating Islamic moderation is to publish a report purporting to have discovered that 84 percent of gang-involved child-grooming offenders convicted since 2005 in Britain have been of South Asian Muslim background.
The Quilliam foundation's report whose findings have already ignited heated debate in the media, claims that Muslim South Asian Britons accounted for 244 out of the 264 convictions for child-grooming offences among gangs in the UK since 2005.
The issue has become increasingly prominent since revelations over the extent of the sexual-grooming of girls in the town of Rotherham by South-Asian British men, which UK police had not reported on due to fears over accusations of racism.
READ MORE: 25 UK Police Officers Under Investigation for Handling of Child Abuse Cases
The think tank — which seeks to influence British national policy on countering terrorism and extremism — has previously been criticized for lacking grass-roots representation among the Muslim population, as well as for allegedly receiving significant funds from the UK government.
Deputy editor of UK Muslim news-site 5Pillars Dilly Hussain told Sputnik that he rejects the claims made by the Foundation.
"By the very fact that they've included the word 'Muslim,' when referring to Asian-Muslim grooming gangs, indicates that they believe whether passively or directly that religion has a role. The sample size is very small but besides that it is more to do with the organization's credibility. They are far from independent and they tend to parrot government narratives."
Types of Offenders
In a different report published in 2012, the National Crime Agency's Child Exploitation and Online Protection Command (CEOP) said that 100% of child sex offenders in pedophile rings were white.
CEOP works with child protection partners across the UK and overseas to "identify the main threats to children and coordinates activity against these threats to bring offenders to account." Its 2012 report has named two types of group-based child sexual exploitation offenders.
Type 1 offenders target victims based on their vulnerability (roughly equivalent of grooming gangs), whereas Type 2 offenders target children as a result of a specific sexual interest in children (roughly equivalent of pedophile rings).
According to CEOP, 75% of Type 1 offenders were of Asian ethnicity, whereas 100% of Type 2 offenders were white.
'Racializing Crimes'
The Quilliam foundation researchers claim to have found that grooming offenders operate differently based on their cultural backgrounds, alleging that white European offenders typically pursue their victims alone, with those of Asian origin operate in gangs, something Mr. Hussain insisted is incorrect.
"A simple Google search will show you that there are organized white Caucasian grooming gangs in the Midlands and the North, I'd be interested to know how they've arrived at that conclusion. Sexual deviancy is something that cannot be attributed to religion at all, culture maybe, but not religion. You deal with people according to the crimes they have committed, crimes are crimes, we should not be racializing them," he said.
VALLETTA No party in British talks to leave the European Union is interested in using security issues as a bargaining chip, EU Council President Donald Tusk said on Friday, after Britain warned of weaker cooperation if no deal is struck.
"No one is interested in using security as a bargaining chip," Tusk told reporters in Brussels. He added that he did not see comments by British officials questioning future security cooperation as a threat.
"It must be a misunderstanding," Tusk said. "Our partners are decent and wise partners."
(Reporting by Robin Emmot; Writing by Alissa de Carbonnel; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
Skin patches: the ultimate wearable
Electronic skin patches could well be described as the ultimate wearable electronic devices.
They deploy electronic components, including sensors and actuators with appropriate processing, energy storage and communication, directly onto the body, typically attached using an adhesive.
Along with smart apparel and perhaps implantable devices, they serve as one of the most direct means to augment the user with technology.
IDTechEx Research's latest market research report Electronic Skin Patches 2018-2028 covers the product ecosystem for smart skin patches
It reveals significant opportunity, with a forecast for total annual revenues in electronic skin patches to reach over $10-billion per year by 2023, and approaching $15-billion per year by 2028.
But the case for skin patches must be understood relative to the capabilities of other wearable devices. After all, why bother with a potentially messy, uncomfortable adhesive when a strap or clip onto clothing could be more practical?
Firstly, according to the research, skin patches offer much greater choice in terms of device positioning; as long as there is area for the patch to be attached, they can be placed there. This is particularly relevant when the sensor requires position close to a certain part of the body (for example, on the upper chest for sensing the heart, around the head for monitoring concussions).
Secondly, a patch allows for a more consistent means for contact between the device and the body. This may be required for the use of an invasive component such as a microneedle, or in offering a more consistent electrical interface for stable sensor readings.
These advantages are particularly relevant in the two largest application sectors for electronic skin patches today: cardiovascular monitoring and diabetes management. The report looks at both of these sections in detail, characterizing the features of the electronic skin patch products being used, the major players, competitive product options and market outlook.
In cardiovascular monitoring, mobile cardiac telemetry (MCT) devices sit alongside Holter monitors and cardiac event monitors, each of which can be deployed as a skin patch. They allow for different levels of ambulatory monitoring, enabling at-risk patients to avoid the risks associated with remaining as an inpatient, but providing a higher quality of data that can be achieved by other devices such as a smartwatch.
In diabetes management, challenges in the markets around traditional self monitoring of blood glucose via test strips are driving innovation. Leading players have developed continuous glucose monitoring devices (CGM) which can give a longer term picture of blood glucose levels, and are even achieving approval to work directly with insulin pumps, moving towards “closed-loop” systems. Both CGM devices and insulin pumps can be deployed using different types of skin patch, and are covered in detail in the report.
By Hayden Wright
Selena Gomez has touted her “intentional, refreshing and moody” new album and its lead single “Bad Liar” is our first taste of things to come. In the video, Gomez signals a dramatic shift in style with a blonde wig.
Related: Selena Gomez on ‘Intentional, Refreshing, & Moody' New Album
The famously brunette singer shared an Instagram Live shot where her dark locks are replaced with a shock of gold. The look resembles a Farrah Fawcett “flip” style from the 1970s and her collared yellow shirt gives the same vibe.
See the dramatic new ‘do here:
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Friday refused to clarify President Donald Trump's vague and ominous comment Thursday night, flanked by top-ranking military officials and their spouses in the White House, that the photo-op was the “calm before the storm” and that the American people would have to “wait and see” what he meant.
“We're never going to say in advance what the President's going to do and, as he said last night, in addition to those comments, you'll have to wait and see,” Sanders said Friday.
The nighttime remark set off panic in foreign policy circles: Was Trump warning North Korea? Iran? Would military action be taken in Niger, where four American Green Berets were recently killed?
“I'm simply saying that all options are on the table, as they have been,” Sanders said later of the remark.
Asked about another remark made by Trump Thursday in a separate meeting, that senior military leaders needed to provide him “a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace,” Sanders was similarly vague.
“I don't think you should read into anything beyond that as he wants options on the table so that he can make quick decisions,” she said.
Asked if the comment was in reference to any specific country, Sanders added: “I believe it was just a general comment. I'm not aware of anything specific that that was in reference to.”
She even joked about the comments, when CNN's Jim Acosta asked if she found it “satisfying” that the President had the power to make people “hold their breath, in this town, when he says something like that.”
Sanders smiled. “Is that somewhat satisfying?” Acosta asked.
“No, I just picture people in this town actually holding their breath,” she said. “That might be a welcome surprise for most of America.”
CLEVELAND, Ohio – Cleveland city officials will hold a news conference to discuss the latest details in the search for the Facebook murder suspect, Steve Stephens.
The news conference is scheduled for 12:15 p.m.
Stephens, the Ohio murder suspect accused of posting video of a shooting death on Facebook, “may be out of state at this time,” Cleveland police said. Authorities are asking residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan “to be on alert.”
Dr Pearse Lyons, the late Alltech founder, who was originally from Dundalk received the Kennedy-Lemass Medal today at a special ceremony to mark Independence Day.
The American Chamber of Commerce honoured Dr Lyons with the award. The medal honours a US Leader of Irish heritage that has helped strengthen the Irish-US relationship.
Commenting on the award, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar stated that "Dr Pearse Lyons was an inspiring innovator who continually pushed the boundaries of what was possible."
The American Chamber added that they were delighted to be "honouring an incredible US citizen who never forgot his native Dundalk."
Dr Lyons' son Mark, who was present to receive the award in Dublin, thanked The Chamber for the special honour:
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Two men were shot outside the Casa Grande club at 700 Southwest Boulevard Monday morning around 2:50 a.m.
One man faces life-threatening injuries after he was shot in the torso; the other was shot in the leg and his injuries are not life-threatening, police said.
Information regarding any possible suspect, victim identities or the circumstances of the shooting were not immediately available.
------
GATHER a group of employees and ask them what they think about micro-managers and the negative comments pour forth — control freaks, meddlesome, misusers of power, disempowering and counterproductive.
After all, what can be more frustrating than to be delegated a task to complete, only for the delegator, or “the boss”, to constantly meddle in your work.
No wonder, then, that micro-management or the practice of a manager closely observing and/or controlling an employee's work has earned a bad name in the workplace.
Most management texts and articles are united in their view of this management concept: managers should avoid micro-management at all costs.
Let's face it, because the term has a dreadful reputation, few managers want to be described as micro-managers.
But could this reputation be unfair, exaggerated, or even unfounded? The truth is, micro-management can be appropriate, necessary and highly valuable in certain situations.
Camera Icon Professor Gary Martin.
For example, a newly appointed employee working on an important project might need strong direction until he or she is confident and knows the ropes.
And established employees thrown a new challenge, or facing a complex work assignment that needs some higher-level assistance, could benefit from micro-management.
I know most experienced managers will be able to think of a range of situations where micro-management was needed and appropriate, and delivered positive outcomes.
But good and experienced managers will also be able to identify the fine line that separates supportive and appreciated micro-management from meddlesome, unnecessary, over-the-top interference.
They will also understand the different types of micro-management, and when and to what degree each different type is applicable. Increased supervision, for example, may be applicable at certain times, but on other occasions, hands-on involvement is called for.
And let's not forget a supervisor must engage in micro-management without ignoring the core principles that underpin a successful and professional workplace — respect, consideration and tolerance.
Good and experienced managers will also be able to identify the fine line that separates supportive and appreciated micro-management from meddlesome, unnecessary, over-the-top interference.
I was talking with a friend of mine about this very topic.
He suggested that micro-management be seen as a legitimate management tool and used at appropriate times.
The term should therefore be freed of negative connotations and not frowned upon, but appreciated and acknowledged for the value it can add. But my friend also went on to suggest a new term to describe times when micro-management is applied yet not appropriate — micro-mismanagement.
So, from now on I will think of micro-management as a positive term — a strategy that can be applied to provide strong direction and support to employees in an appropriate way, when and where it is needed.
But overstep the mark and you will quickly be accused of micro-mismanagement.
And this is a practice that does little to generate positive outcomes in a workplace. In fact, the opposite is often true, typical of any type of mismanagement.
Professor Gary Martin is chief executive at the Australian Institute of Management WA
Juries are entitled to hear from experts who can explain why domestic violence victims often forgive their attackers, the Arizona Supreme Court ruled Tuesday.
The justices rejected arguments by Mark Haskie Jr. that he did not get a fair trial because jurors heard from an expert witness who described the general behavioral tendencies of adult victims of domestic abuse. He argued that the testimony essentially suggested to the jury that because he has certain characteristics he must have committed the crime.
But Justice Robert Brutinel, writing for the unanimous court, said the trial judge did nothing wrong.
“Because the testimony helped the jury understand the victim's behavior and was more probative than prejudicial, the trial court did not err in admitting it,” he wrote.
According to court records, Haskie assaulted his girlfriend, identified only as P.J., at a Flagstaff motel after searching through messages on her phone and threatening her by saying, “I told you I would kill you if you cheated on me.”
That same day P.J. wrote a statement for police explaining that Haskie beat and strangled her, evidence that was corroborated from physical evidence from the motel.
Haskie was arrested nearly a year later. Shortly after his arrest, P.J. wrote two letters to police recanting earlier statements, claiming that her injuries were from a bar fight she could not remember and that Haskie was innocent.
At trial, prosecutors presented recorded phone calls Haskie made from jail, including several to P.J. before she recanted.
In one, Haskie dictated a story for her to tell police, apologized to her and promised to marry her. And in another, P.J. responded, “Well, maybe you shouldn't have tried to kill me.”
At trial, however, she said she didn't remember who had beaten her because she had been drinking and that although she initially blamed Haskie for her injuries because she was jealous, she had in fact cheated on him.
Dr. Kathleen Ferraro, listed as an expert in domestic violence, told jurors it is “not unusual” for victims to return to relationships. She said reasons range from fear or threats to those who get pressure from a victim's own family or from their own shame.
And she said it is “a very common response” for victims to blame themselves.
Haskie was convicted and appealed, arguing the testimony was improper.
He argued the law precludes “profile” evidence, designed to convince jurors that certain characteristics that might be common then become evidence of that person's guilt. And Brutinel acknowledged there's a good reason for that, saying that people could be convicted not for what they do “but for what others are doing.”
But Brutinel said what Ferraro had to offer was clearly relevant.
“The victim's behavior and inconsistent statements were squarely at issue,” the justice wrote. “The testimony was relevant to help the jury understand P.J.'s behavior.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DEL MAR, Calif. -- Johavany Catalan was in charge of 77 horses at the San Luis Rey horse facility in Bonsall when the Lilac Fire broke out. Now, he and his crew have nightmares of it.
Catalan and his crew had just finished working with the animals and were about to head home when the flames reached the barn filled with expensive thoroughbreds.
Catalan and his men made the decision to go into the burning barn to rescue the horses. They opened the gates and implored the horses to run for their lives.
Catalan recalled having to jump over flames to get into stalls where some of the horses were shaking and too petrified to move.
With the thick smoke bearing down on them, they coaxed 74 of the horses out. But it would take more than a day to locate them and round them all up.
The rescued horses are now with Catalan and his crew, who are staying at the Del Mar Racetrack.
"There's a little trauma in our heads, but only when we try to sleep. During the day when we're working we don't think about it. We don't remember anything. But when we try to sleep everything comes back to our minds, everything, everything," said Catalan.
There's a call by some to bring Spanish-speaking counselors to the track to help Catalan and the others. Although, Catalan says he doesn't need it.
World-renowned jockey Julie Krone posted the following on her Twitter account asking for help for the grooms who risked their lives and lost all they had while saving the horses.
Advertisement
Wheeling— Eagle Manufacturing Company CEO Joe Eddy knows his company and his industry play a big part in the nation's economic turnaround, but after President Donald Trump's second request within a week for Eagle representatives to join him in Washington, D.C., Eddy now knows the president agrees.
Eagle Maintenance Foreman Dave Harvey, Design Engineer Pat Petraglia and Marketing Manager Ingrid Loy were among 13 people who joined the president today – October 6 – as he signed a proclamation for National Manufacturing Day. Just last week, four Eagle employees and representatives of Warwood Tool (also from the Wheeling, W.Va. area) stood with the president to represent the manufacturing industry to the nation as he addressed the National Association of Manufacturers, or NAM.
“To be able to follow up last week's visit to Washington, D.C. to hear President Trump speak about the importance of manufacturing to the nation's economy with this kind of celebration is quite an honor,” said Eddy, a member of the NAM board. “We know how important manufacturing is to the nation's economy, but it's great to see President Trump repeatedly single out West Virginia as a model in his push for tax reform to make America more competitive, put more money in workers' paychecks and improve the quality of life in our country.”
Since 2012, National Manufacturing Day has been celebrated across the country to allow students, educators, business people, the media and elected officials to see the both the effects of the industry and the opportunities it provides.
Eagle also was a participant today in the launch event of to Explore the New Manufacturing Regional Education Academy, commonly referred to as the Explore Academy. The Explore Academy allowed 125 Stems and tech-ed eighth graders from five area middle schools to visit Wheeling Park High School and to hear from simulated workplace high school students, educators and manufacturing representatives of Eagle, Touchstone, the Mull Group, as well as WVU-Manufacturing Extension Partnership and the West Virginia Department of Education.
“We are so proud to showcase our workers and our industry on two different stages on such a historic day,” Eddy said. “I know the manufacturing industry has a bright future, but we must continue to educate our young people about the opportunities manufacturing makes available to them.”
Explore the New Manufacturing is a statewide education campaign of the West Virginia Manufacturers Educational Fund. It is sponsored by the West Virginia Manufacturers Association. To learn more visit www.exploremfgwv.org.
About Eagle Manufacturing Company:
Eagle Manufacturing Company, established in 1894, is a family-owned business and prime manufacturer of safety cans, safety cabinets, poly drums, spill containment and material handling protective products. All of the products are Made in the USA. Eagle is among the most respected brands for consistent quality and value. Visit www.eaglemfg.com for more information.
Eddy also is Chairman of the Board for West Virginia's statewide initiative – Explore the New Manufacturing – aimed at educating students about the manufacturing industry in the state. To date, 6,500 students and 600 teachers, parents, administrators and members of the public have been reached through campaign efforts. Visit www.exploremfgwv.org to learn more.
Related
Comments
comments
An Ohio woman is accused of murdering her husband and living with his dismembered remains in their home for months, investigators confirm to PEOPLE.
On Saturday, authorities discovered the suspected remains of 54-year-old Howard Eubank after his adult son notified police, Inspector Bill Holland of the Summit County Sheriff's Office in Ohio tells PEOPLE.
Eubank's decomposing remains has been put in separate containers around the Coventry Township, Ohio, home he shared with wife Marcia Eubank, 49.
Marcia was arrested on one count of murder and is currently being held in the Summit County Jail, authorities say. Her bond has been set at $1 million cash and she has been ordered by a judge to undergo a mental evaluation, according to Barberton city law director Lisa Miller.
Local TV station WJW, citing Summit County Sheriff Steve Barry, reports that Marcia allegedly admitted to shooting her husband twice. Holland alleged that she admitted she had been living with Eubank's remains inside their home “for months.”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
According to local station WEWS, Marcia allegedly told police the killing occurred in June and that the couple's son became suspicious when he entered his parents' home and smelled an odor and saw maggots.
Holland tells PEOPLE that police are investigating whether Marcia sent text messages impersonating her husband after his death, including one claiming he planned to move to Texas.
According to WEWS, Marcia allegedly told police she dismembered her husband's body using an electrical saw and other tools.
• For more compelling true crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard.
In a video appearance before a judge on Monday, Marcia entered a not-guilty plea, Miller says.
At the time of her plea, the judge said he would appoint an attorney for her but it was not immediately clear if she had been appointed one as of Monday afternoon.
While investigators believe the remains to belong to Howard Eubank, the autopsy is not yet complete, Holland tells PEOPLE.
On Monday, the Iraqi Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF) reported that the Daesh militants used tanks in their attack against them in northern Iraqi Sinjar mountains near the border with Syria.
"The attack, which targeted militia's units in Ain Talaui, Ain al-Hasan, Ash sharai, was launched by 200 members of Daesh, 50 of whom has been eliminated. During the attack, Daesh used tanks which have become the first [documented] case of use of such weaponry by Daesh terrorists," the militia told Al-Manar broadcaster.
The militia added that they managed to repulse the attack destroying 17 mined cars which militants tried to use to breach the defense.
Earlier media reports suggested that the terrorists have in possession Soviet-era Т-55, Т-62 and Т-72 tanks captured from the Iraqi Army and Libyan militias. And the US-made M1Abrams tanks also supposedly captured from the Iraqi Army.
© AP Photo/ Rased News Network via AP, File In this file photo released on Aug. 5, 2015, by the Rased News Network a Facebook page affiliated with Islamic State militants, an Islamic State militant holds the group's flag as he stands on a tank they captured from Syrian government forces, in the town of Qaryatain southwest of Palmyra, central Syria
Russian defense analyst, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Unions of Reserve Officers of Russia's Ministry of Defense (MEGAPIR), retired Major-General Vladimir Bogatyrev told Radio Sputnik that if the reports are true, it is yet another proof of how dangerous the terrorists become with such powerful equipment.
"Т-55, Т-62 and Т-72 tanks are very good vehicles even though they date back to the late 1950s. We can see how reliable our military hardware is but we can also see how dangerous it becomes when it gets into such hands," he told Sputnik.
© REUTERS/ Ammar Awad Trump Tells Abadi US Carrying Out Military Buildup of Forces in Iraq
The defense analyst however suggested that it may not be mere war trophies.
"Daesh has overrun vast swathes of territory in northern and western Iraq with many equipment storage bases including those of the heavy weaponry. No doubts, they could have done it in Syria as well. However it could have been supplied to them by some vendors who are earning huge money on such operations. It is merely a business for them. But it is a dreadful, disgusting criminal racket," the expert told Sputnik.
Vladimir Bogatyrev also noted that in order to completely eliminate the jihadists, various countries should unite their efforts.
"Russia, Iran and Turkey have united to settle the crisis on the territory of Syria. But Daesh (Islamic State) and its base it is not only vast territories seized in Syria, but it is also Iraq. And the matters are not that well there. In my opinion, if we could unite efforts with Iraq, Jordan and the US-led coalition, we will be able to solve this crisis relatively quickly. Without it, it might be going on for a long time," he told Sputnik.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
A number of NFL MVPs and player-of-the-year awards will be announced in the coming days, with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady expected to walk away with most of those honors.
But he was not selected as one of the FedEx Air and Ground Players of the Year, which is determined by an online vote of fans.
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz, who has not played since suffering a torn ACL on Dec. 10, and Los Angeles Rams running back Todd Gurley were named the FedEx Air and Ground Players of the Year.
FedEx will donate $50,000 to the USO in the name of each player, a total donation of $100,000.
Despite missing three regular-season games, Wentz ranked second in the league with 33 touchdown passes, while amassing 3,296 passing yards. Gurley led the league with 2,093 scrimmage yards and 19 total touchdowns. He was second in rushing yards with 1,305.
A 2013 Rivals three-star recruit from Chandler, Arizona, center Bryce Holland was one of former Army head coach Rich Ellerson's recruits who stayed the course to play for current Black Knights mentor, Jeff Monken.
Holland came in direct and played in 6 games with two starts at guard as a plebe (freshman). He missed the entire 2015 season with an injury but returned from rehab to earn the starting spot at center in 2016, and he has started all 26 games since that time.
He was selected for the Rimington Watch List in 2017, and was named to the All-Independent first team by Phil Steele and the All-Bowl team by ESPN.
This spring he was elected one of the team's tri-captains.
Justin Verlander knows he's one “lucky man.”
Kate Upton, 24, graced three different covers for this year's Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue — continuing her bikini-clad reign in the magazine — and her baseball player fiancé was sure to send a sweet congratulatory message to his bride-to-be.
“Congrats to my amazing fiancée @KateUpton on being named to the #siswim17 cover!” the 33-year-old Detroit Tigers pitcher tweeted on Tuesday. “You're so incredible! #luckyman #happyvalentinesday #thrice.”
The model wore next-to-nothing swimwear for the sultry covers, showing off her famous curves. She shot the covers on the picturesque beaches of Fiji.
Upton told the magazine that she was excited about being asked to return to the cover, “especially when this year's theme is about every woman of every age and every body type being accepted.”
“It was inspiring to be asked to be a part of that issue.”
He continued raving about Upton early Wednesday, sharing a video from the model's shoot and tweeting, “Ummmmmmmmm.”
Verlander shared a photo of the covers on his Instagram, sharing the sweet message once more.
Kate Upton Intimates SI Swimsuit 2017
The post came just hours after Verlander revealed that he had spent Valentine's Day without Upton — and had to settle for a day out with the boys instead.
“When your valentine is out of town on #valentineday #guysday #golf,” he captioned an Instagram shot of himself with a few pals — adding sad face and broken heart emojis.
March 30 Powerleader Science & Technology Group Co Ltd
* FY net profit attributable to shareholders of company RMB33.4 million versus RMB 21.3 million
* FY total revenue RMB 3.43 billion versus RMB 2.69 billion
* Directors do not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NASA's Aqua satellite and NOAA's GOES East satellite provided imagery of Tropical Storm Nate affecting Nicaragua and extending into the Caribbean Sea.
The Atmospheric Infrared or AIRS instrument aboard NASA's Aqua satellite captured infrared data on Nate on Oct. 6 at 2:53 a.m. EDT (0653 UTC). At the time of the image Nate's center had exited Honduras and Nicaragua. Bands of thunderstorms east of center extended over the northwestern Caribbean Sea.
The Atmospheric Infrared or AIRS instrument aboard NASA's Aqua satellite captured infrared data on Nate on Oct. 6 at 2:53 a.m. EDT (0653 UTC). At the time of the image Nate's center had exited Honduras and Nicaragua. Bands of thunderstorms east of center extended over the northwestern Caribbean Sea.
Nate's Rainfall Potential in Central America and the U.S.
The heavy rainfall that was indicated in infrared data is expected to affect a large area. Heavy rainfall will occur over a wide area, including locations well away from the center along the Pacific coast of Central America. Rainfall across all of these areas may produce life-threatening flash floods and mudslides.
The National Hurricane Center noted that Nate is expected to produce the following rain accumulations through the weekend of Oct. 7 and 8: Southern Honduras and western Nicaragua can expect 6 to 10 inches, maximum 15 inches; eastern El Salvador and northern to central Honduras can expect between 3 to 5 inches, maximum 8 inches; eastern Yucatan and western Cuba can expect 2 to 4 inches, maximum 8 inches; eastern Belize and the Cayman Islands can expect between 1 to 3 inches. Along the U.S. Central Gulf Coast states: 3 to 6 inches, maximum 12 inches.
Watches and Warnings
On Oct. 6, The National Hurricane Center issued a Tropical Storm Warning for Punta Castilla Honduras to the Honduras/Nicaragua border and Punta Herrero to Rio Lagartos, Mexico.
In the U.S., a Storm Surge Watch is in effect for Morgan City, Louisiana to the Alabama/Florida border and for the northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain, Louisiana. A Hurricane Watch is in effect for Morgan City, Louisiana to the Mississippi/Alabama border, metropolitan New Orleans, Lake Pontchartrain and Lake Maurepas and in Mexico from Punta Herrero to Rio Lagartos.
A Tropical Storm Watch is in effect from the Mississippi/Alabama border to the Okaloosa/Walton County Line and west of Morgan City to Intracoastal City, Louisiana.
Status of Tropical Storm Nate
At 8 a.m. EDT7 a.m. CDT (1200 UTC) on Oct. 6 the center of Tropical Storm Nate was located by Air Force Reserve and NOAA Hurricane Hunter aircraft near 17.8 degrees north latitude and 84.8 degrees west longitude. That's about 115 mies (185 km) northeast of Isla Guanaja, Honduras and about 230 miles (370 km) south-southeast of Cozumel, Mexico.
Nate was moving toward the north-northwest near 14 mph (22 kph), and this general track with a marked increase in forward speed is expected during the next day or two.
Maximum sustained winds are near 45 mph (75 kph) with higher gusts. Strengthening is forecast during the next couple of days, and Nate is expected to become a hurricane by the time it reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico. The minimum central pressure estimated from the Hurricane Hunter data is 996 millibars.
The National Hurricane Center said "On the forecast track, the center of Nate will move across the northwestern Caribbean Sea today, and reach the eastern coast of the Yucatan peninsula early this evening. Nate will then move into the southern Gulf of Mexico tonight and approach the northern Gulf coast Saturday evening."
For forecast updates on Nate, visit: http://www. nhc. noaa. gov .
###
Since this is our special Valentine's Day ~sex edition~ of the Towerlight, we wanted to collect a few embarrassing/fun/funny sex stories from students. Because, you know, everyone has a couple (and if you don't, you're either lying, or really, really lucky when you're getting lucky). Whether you're in a long-term relationship or dabbling in one-night stands, sex can be weird, and sometimes pretty terrible, just by the nature of the thing.
Because we're all human, because most of us live with roommates or parents, and because our bodies are these strange vessels that tend to emit smells, sounds and fluids at the worst possible and most intimate times, we were able to collect these anonymously-submitted tales of sexual woe. Maybe you'll see your own on here. Or maybe next time something similar happens to you, you won't feel so alone.
“On the night I lost my virginity, we were too drunk for either of us to ‘finish,' and the dude went to McDonald's with his friends right afterward without even asking me if I wanted anything.”
“We were super drunk one night that my parents weren't home and lost the condom wrapper somewhere in my room. Forgot all about it until my mom found it a couple weeks later. Oops.”
“The first time I got drunk, I got seven shots in and we started having sex. Midway through I told my boyfriend, ‘I'm your slut.' He tried explaining to me why you can't be a slut in a committed relationship but I wasn't having it.”
“I was with a guy and I was on top. And I wasn't feeling anything happening *down there* so I told him to you know… Stick it in. He said, “It is in.” Turns out he was just really small. Whoops.”
“My girlfriend (at the time) and I were in my room doing the nasty when my 13-year-old dog walked in. We ignored him and just kept going because that's what people do, I guess. Well she was riding on top and I guess he liked what he saw. My dog had lived a long life and this must have been on his bucket list, so he snuck up right behind her and licked right up her behind. Needless to say, she was a little surprised. The look on her face was priceless! I laughed. She left.”
“Once, I gave a blowjob to the guy I was seeing without realizing someone else was in the room.”
“Every time I have sex it's embarrassing.”
YOUTHS caused extensive damage using fire crackers in various parts of the Tala village square in Paphos, on the early hours of Sunday.
The main damage was caused to the public toilets in the old churchyard, which belongs to the Department of Antiquities and operates as a museum.
According to the police on Tuesday, the fire crackers destroyed a toilet, a sink, a wooden partition, a waste bin and several walls were blackened by the smoke.
Areti Pieridou, head of the community board of Tala, said that the damage is estimated at around €2,000 which will be paid by the community board.
Asked why the police was not notified earlier, Pieridou said that “fire crackers were heard all night long, we couldn't foresee what would happen. I was notified about the damages at 8am today and immediately informed the police”.
The Tala village square in Paphos has been under redevelopment, a project which will cost €1.3m. This is a two-phase programme, the first included pedestrianising the village centre and the second phase the improvement of the road network system.
There were plenty of Pittsburgh Steelers fans shocked when the Steelers selected wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster in the second round of the 2017 NFL draft. But as it turns out, having Smith-Schuster on the roster was huge and he has a bright future in the league.
Could it happen again this year? ESPN writer Jeremy Fowler says it could.
The franchise must prepare for Martavis Bryant's potential departure in 2019, and it has struck gold with its ability to pluck talented pass-catchers outside of the first round. The team typically plays it safe on Day 1, which points to defensive help with the 28th overall selection. After that, it wouldn't be a surprise to see the Steelers put some JuJu flavor on this year's draft. — Jeremy Fowler
In our final mock draft update, we actually have the Steelers drafting former Memphis wide receiver Anthony Miller in the third round. You can read the whole thing here. While the Steelers appear to be set at wide receiver this season only Smith-Schuster and Antonio Brown are under contract after this season.
Miller and Oklahoma State's James Washington are the top guys Pittsburgh has shown public interest in during the pre-draft process. But don't rule out another player that wasn't as publicized, especially if one of the top names happens to slide to the second round.
NEW YORK A pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in the New York City subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and another person at the height of the morning rush hour, law enforcement officials said.
The man and the other person were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast filled the passageway, crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters, with smoke.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and fire both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - Crews are hard at work on a new drive-in theater in northern Vigo County.
Excitement is growing as progress continues for the Moon Light Drive-In Theater.
On Monday, crews surveyed and marked the property.
They hope to start work on the foundation of a new building on Tuesday.
That building will house things like the concessions and restrooms.
The screen has already been painted and is ready to go.
Theater owners hope to release an opening date in a couple of months.
Fear the Walking Dead‘s Mercedes Mason and The Office‘s David Denman are about to become supporting characters at home.
The actors are expecting their first child, the mom-to-be announced Monday on social media.
“They are thrilled about their new addition and are looking forward to being parents to their baby boy,” a rep tells PEOPLE exclusively.
Mason, who stars as Ofelia on Fear, and Denman, who is best known as Pam's ex Roy on The Office, wed in 2014.
FROM PEN: Bachelorette Jillian Harris Talks Mom Shaming and Mom Guilt: “We're all so hard on ourselves”
“HAPPY TO ANNOUNCE…. @david_denman and I are pregnant (or this is the BIGGEST burrito I've ever eaten!)” Mason posted on Instagram, along with photos and video of her and Denman at their gender reveal party.
Mason's Fear character was the subject of much speculation this summer as she remained unseen until the season's final episodes, where she played a crucial role in the epic season 3 mid-season finale.
Armani didn't set out to dig new avenues to the fashion arena but wanted to get there riding the same old vehicle with new touches all over. The outcome was the Armani Exchange Chronograph Quartz AX2607 Men's Watch. It is nothing great; yet has something to stand out from the crowd. A|X did it differently this time!
The Armani Exchange Chronograph Quartz AX2607 Men's Watch reeks of polished, tempered elegance blended with a sporty feel that's luxury enough for the workplace and the parties alike. Its quartz movement requires no attention apart from battery changes every few years. As long as it lasts, there's no question of slowing down or losing out on accuracy. It's also less expensive (which reflects from the overall price) and highly durable.
The Armani Exchange Chronograph Quartz AX2607 Men's Watch is not just about merely adding some sporty elements to a luxury design. It is more of a classic form with an iconic sports feature targeted to the crowd with eyes for extra something (but not too much) besides bare essentials. So, the stopwatch feature; a timer is not meant solely for the playgrounds. It's a handy tool that comes to use in almost all walks of life.
The Armani Exchange Chronograph Quartz AX2607 Men's Watch is a fine example of how different elements can be fused and brought into a singularity. It expresses a statement-making style that fashionable and quality-conscious people can't deny! A stark contrast to the usual is its blue and copper color combination instead of black/silver/gold.
The chronograph of the Armani Exchange Watches measures a total of 30 minutes in 1 second increments and features a 24-hour denoting subdial at 3. It's a great feature for frequent flyers flying into different time zones. It helps you to get rid of jet lags by tallying with your home time. However, this chronograph is not meant to be used in the cockpit; neither is it a divers' chronograph. The Armani Exchange Chronograph Quartz AX2607 Men's Watch is not meant to face the hot wind, fire and steel. It's just a luxurious, fashion-forward piece of aesthetics with an instant ‘designer' credential. Go to the dance party or to the cocktail with dinner and you are guaranteed to turn a few heads. In short, it is a fine specimen that exhibits high quality and a high precision for the regular urban guy.
Bottom line: The Armani Exchange Quartz Chronograph Men's Watch is a time piece that marks one of the most recognized designs among men's high-fashion accessories, covering the prime points in a most efficient manner. Armani takes on both luxury and sports much admirably while keeping active its business aura intact to cover all the three domains end to end.
British police are now investigating six claims of alleged sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey.
FILE - In this file photo dated Tuesday, June 21, 2016, actor Kevin Spacey waves as he arrives to attend the Giorgio Armani men's Spring-Summer 2016-2017 fashion show in Milan, Italy. . (AP Photo/Luca Bruno, FILE)
British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former “House of Cards” star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theatre for 11 years until 2015.
Related: London theatre received allegations against Kevin Spacey
Related: ‘House of Cards' to resume minus star Kevin Spacey
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Chancel Choir Winter Concert Feb. 21 at G.S. 1st Presbyterian
The First Presbyterian Church of Gulf Shores Chancel Choir (pictured) will present this year's winter concert on Tuesday evening, Feb. 21 at 7 p.m. in the Sanctuary. Come hear John Rutter's arrangement of “When the Saints Go Marching In,” featuring clarinetist Julie Ridoutt and pianist Kayla Dowling, as well as other all-time favorites. The concert will also welcome sounds from the Gulf Coast Youth Chorale, which will perform selections from its repertoire of choral literature. A reception will immediately follow in the Fellowship Hall. The church is located at 309. E. 21st Ave. in Gulf Shores. For more info., call 251-978-8130.
State Senator Chris McDaniel announced he will challenge U.S. Sen. Roger Wicker in this summer's GOP primary.
LUXEMBOURG There will be no change to Gibraltar's sovereignty without Britain's consent, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday, while his Dutch counterpart called for calm after a British politician raised talk of defending the outpost.
"The sovereignty of Gibraltar is unchanged and is not going to change, and cannot conceivably change without the express support and consent of the people of Gibraltar and the United Kingdom, and that is not is going to change," Johnson said on arrival at a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Luxembourg.
A former leader of Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party said she would even be prepared to go to war to defend the territory, as then prime minister Margaret Thatcher did with Argentina over the Falkland Islands 35 years ago.
Asked by reporters if Gibraltar could become a military issue, Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders urged everyone to keep their cool in Britain's exit negotiations from the EU.
"You can now see how difficult the divorce is," Koenders said. "Let us be cool and carry on and not use too harsh language. Let us negotiate, I think that's the most important."
(Reporting by Robin Emmott, writing by Robert-Jan Bartunek)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND – Investigators say a woman tried to hide in the ceiling at an Ohio tavern and wait until it closed, but she was caught before she carried out her plan, according to WJW.
The Grayton Road Tavern is home of the popular Queen of Hearts game, but the notoriety of the game has also attracted the attention of potential criminals.
"People just I guess assume that we have $5.5 million stashed in our walls here; that is clearly not the case," said Jennifer Natale, general manager.
"So last night I got a phone call that we had a female come into the ladies room and somehow ended up climbing into the ceiling. When I got here, a couple of ceiling tiles were on the ground; the vent was hanging," James Page, owner, told WJW.
Surveillance cameras were rolling as a woman went into the bathroom Monday night and climbed up into the ceiling, apparently looking for a place to hide until after closing time.
You see a tile from the ceiling fall as she crawls toward the kitchen. When employees realized someone was up in the ceiling, they called 911 and Cleveland police and firefighters responded and searched for the woman.
She was eventually found hiding in a small space above a cooler in the kitchen and taken into custody.
"Not sure why you would be up there; it's about 120 degrees up there and probably about two hours so couldn't believe it," Page said.
Police told the owner of the tavern that the woman has a history of hiding in bars and restaurants and then stealing anything she can after closing time.
The truth is there is very little cash at the tavern. "All the money, it's not on site. We take it off every night; it does not stay here, and the one safe that we do - with the little bit of cash that we do keep, it's a big safe; nobody is getting into it."
The owner said if the woman planned to tamper with the board and try and find where the Queen of Hearts was hidden, it was a plan doomed to fail. The board, which the tavern purchased from Nannicola bingo supplies, is sealed and certified so that players can be confident that it has not been tampered with in any way.
"The one thing I will say if anyone tried to do that to our board, we would immediately cease our game. We would go ahead and get a new board from Nannicola and then we would just restart the game from there," Natale said.
Investigators said the woman has a serious drug addiction and steals whatever she can to support her habit. The owner of the bar points out they have someone watching the building 24/7 and they have many police officers who are customers.
Scroll for more content...
Nearly 80 million people in the United States remained under a heat advisory or warning Tuesday, with scorching temperatures and humidity expected through the Fourth of July.
There are reports of at least eight heat-related deaths in Canada and the United States, stretching back to the weekend, including six in Montreal.
Some places in the East may feel as hot as 100 to 110 degrees on Tuesday, when taking into account the humidity and heat, with advisories and warnings stretching from central Virginia to eastern Maine.
In Montreal, Dr. Mylene Drouin, regional director of public health, told CNN partner CTV News that the deaths occurred over the weekend. Most were people who were living alone.
Temperatures there have been in the mid-90s since Sunday, and the heat will continue through Thursday, to highs around 93, before dropping back to average, or 77 degrees, on Friday.
A woman died of heat-related causes on Saturday in Pennsylvania while working in her garden, according to the Blair County coroner's office. The woman went into cardiac arrest at her home and died at a hospital.
On Sunday, a 30-year-old man died after he collapsed on a mountain trail while running a race in Wilmington, New York, the Essex County coroner said. At the emergency room the man's internal temperature reached 108 degrees, damaging his brain.
"When your brain becomes overheated like that, it can't function any more," Essex County Coroner Frank Whitelaw said.
Two possible heat-related deaths are being investigated in Kansas City, Missouri. The deaths involve a man in his 80s, who died Monday, and a woman in her 40s, who died last week, according to the Kansas City Health Department.
Nearly 100 million people could see temperatures climb above 95 degrees Fahrenheit this week, with a majority of those residing in the eastern third of the nation.
Excessive heat warnings and advisories are posted for much of New York and New Jersey, with heat index values up to 105. Heat index is what it actually feels like outside when you take into account the humidity and the high temperature.
While temperatures topping 90 degrees are not too uncommon for New York City, it is rare to see the heat last more than a couple of days. The city could top 90 for up to seven consecutive days this week, something the National Weather Service in New York has said happens about once every 33 years.
Prolonged heat could be expected through Thursday, with heat index values up to 105 for northeast New Jersey during the peak of the heat on Tuesday, according to the New York weather service office.
"Heat-related illnesses possible through this time period, especially for at-risk populations such as the elderly, very young, and those with mental illnesses," the New York weather service office warned.
Residents are warned to "drink plenty of fluids, stay in an air-conditioned room, and stay out of the sun," the agency says.
This advice applies to pets, too.
A dog in Brick, New Jersey, died on Tuesday after being left in extreme heat over the weekend.
The dog's owner has been charged with failing to provide necessary care to an animal, exposing an animal to adverse weather conditions, failing to provide a shelter of a proper size, and failing to obtain a dog license, according to a news release from the Ocean County Prosecutors Office.
Temperatures are expected to be 10 degrees above normal across New England, according to the weather service. Relief could be days away, as the forecast is that temperatures will return to the mid-80s in the East near the end of the week.
Jordan Spieth of the U.S. looks over the second green during Wednesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Dustin Johnson of the U.S. looks over the 10th green during Wednesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
AUGUSTA, Georgia Dustin Johnson will try to extend his stellar run at this week's U.S. Masters where Rory McIlroy hopes to complete the career grand slam and Jordan Spieth seeks revenge after last year's epic meltdown.
The year's opening major, which begins Thursday at Augusta National, is always the most heavily anticipated of the four and, with a myriad of compelling storylines bubbling during the tournament buildup, this year's edition is rich with promise.
Johnson, who is looking to become the first golfer not named Tiger Woods to win four consecutive PGA Tour starts since Ben Hogan in 1953, is the man to beat along with McIlroy and Spieth but many challengers are ready to pounce should they falter.
"I've got a lot of confidence in my game right now, especially with the way I've been playing the last few tournaments," said Johnson, who took over as world number one in February.
The 32-year-old American has all the tools necessary to tame the Augusta National layout, most notably his prodigious length off the tee which could ultimately be a difference maker on a course that has been softened by rain.
World number two McIlroy, who won the last of his four major titles in 2014, had a quiet start to the year after sitting out six weeks with a rib injury but is upbeat having played 99 holes at Augusta National the last two weeks.
"I've realised that the more I can get comfortable with this golf course ... and the more I can get comfortable in the environment and the surroundings, the better," the 27-year-old Northern Irishman said.
McIlroy needs a victory at Augusta National, where he has top-10 finishes in each of the last three years, to complete the career grand slam of golf's four major titles.
Twice major winner Spieth, 23, already has a Green Jacket and perhaps should probably have another if not for a disastrous sequence at the par-three 12th.
But the unflappable Spieth, who has a win and two runner-up finishes in his three Masters starts, is eager to move on.
"I'm excited about the opportunity ahead, which is now I can go back and really tear this golf course up," said Spieth.
Other contenders include gallery favourite and three-time winner Phil Mickelson, red-hot Spaniard Jon Rahm and Japan's Hideki Matsuyama who is trying to become the first Japanese man to win a major.
(Editing by Andrew Both)
MADISON, Alabama – In three weeks, Madison City Stadium will be the site of Bob Jones High School's first home game against Decatur, Alabama's Austin High School.
But in February 2016, it was the site where then-Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) endorsed Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump, just days before the Alabama presidential primary.
advertisement
Trump would cruise to victory in Alabama and subsequently take the GOP presidential nomination, then the presidency. That February day, at Madison City Stadium, was significant because it was Trump's first major endorsement from a Republican elected official.
For some Trump supporters, the location of that endorsement is hallowed political ground.
Nearly a year and a half later, this same location is ground zero for a U.S. Senate special election Republican primary, made necessary by Trump's appointment and the Senate's confirmation of Sessions to be the U.S. Attorney General. The primary is scheduled for Tuesday.
Last week, Trump endorsed Luther Strange. The endorsement came as a surprise to a lot of political watchers. Disgraced former Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley appointed Strange to Sessions' seat when he was first confirmed as the Justice Department head, and many see Strange as an ally of the Republican establishment.
Strange is running against eight other candidates, and the primary is likely to result in a runoff between the top two vote-getters. Some polls suggest that only three of the nine candidates are in contention for the top two spots – Strange, former Alabama Supreme Court Justice Roy Moore, and Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL).
Home Field Advantages
Each candidate should have a show of strength in different parts of the state. The key question is which of these regions will come out to support their candidate.
The current frontrunner Roy Moore does not have a particular geographic center for his support. His support is dispersed throughout the state, and according to the Real Clear Politics average, Moore enjoys a lead over second-place Strange.
A Cygnal/L2 poll shows that Moore also leads Strange in the state's largest market of Birmingham. However, Birmingham was the focus of Strange in the waning days of the campaign and is a place Strange will have to do well to get into next month's runoff.
In the state's second largest market, Moore and Strange are tied. However, where Moore seems to outperform his opponents is in the state's rural areas.
Based on the data, Moore looks to be a lock for the runoff.
Moore has been a fixture in Alabama politics through the last three decades. He comes out of Etowah County, where he originally made a name for himself in the 1990s as a circuit court judge. At the time, he made waves by hanging a wooden plaque displaying the Ten Commandments behind his bench.
That display drew the ire of the American Civil Liberties Union, which filed suit in 1995. The ensuing controversy sealed Moore's status as a national figure.
The attention Moore received from that suit catapulted him to win an election for chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court.
Moore has continued to be a controversial figure. He has won the statewide election for chief justice and he was removed twice from the bench as chief justice.
His track record as a statewide candidate is mixed. Despite having two successful runs for chief justice, he also has had two unsuccessful runs for governor, drawing 33 percent of the vote in the Republican primary against incumbent Gov. Bob Riley in 2006 and just 19 percent in a crowded 2010 primary.
This senate race might be Moore's best showing yet in a statewide race, given the quality of competition he is facing. His two runs for chief justice were down-ballot races. This election is the only one on the ballot.
Regardless of who gets in the runoff, Nathan White, head of the Alabama First political action committee and White Marble Strategies, tells Breitbart News he sees a scenario with Brooks edging out Strange. Nonetheless, he argued Moore will be difficult to beat in a runoff situation.
“Judge Moore will capture 43 percent of the voting base on Tuesday with Congressman Brooks moving ahead of Luther by one point,” White said. “Regardless of who makes the runoff, either candidate will have a tough time facing Roy Moore, and some factors will play a role in taking Alabama's Senate seat, such as message strategy, financial backing, and yes, the weather.”
At this late stage, depending on the poll. Moore is often shown to be the candidate to beat.
Luther Strange, who is a solid second in most polling, is not a sure-bet for the GOP runoff. Despite having President Donald Trump's endorsement and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's Senate Leadership Fund backing him, Strange has been mired in the 20-percent range for the last several weeks.
Strange resides in Mountain Brook, the wealthiest municipality in Alabama and a suburb of Birmingham. He should have a good day in Jefferson and Shelby Counties, both of which are home to Birmingham and its suburbs.
“Luther Strange has placed great emphasis on Jefferson and Shelby Counties, both very vote-rich, and is aiming for a high turnout within Birmingham's suburbs to boost his numbers,” White said. “Strange is also relying on GOP turnout in Mobile and Baldwin counties, where Trip Pittman is also placing heavy emphasis on capturing this vote-rich support base.”
Beyond those areas, support for Strange is difficult to pin down exactly.
Brooks, polling third, is within striking distance of Strange in some polls. Brooks, a former Madison County Commissioner and now U.S. congressman, was first elected to public office in 1982. That 35-year run has allowed Brooks to build a dedicated following in the northern part of the state, which includes Huntsville.
It will be difficult for any of the candidates to top Brooks in any of the precincts north of the Tennessee River, and a high turnout in Madison County could be Brooks' secret weapon in a low-turnout event.
“Mo Brooks has found his base among his usual fifth congressional district, but has interestingly found serious traction in the second and fourth congressional districts,” White said. “Voter turnout in the fifth district will be key to Brooks making the runoff, especially with Brooks competing heavily with Judge Roy Moore and holding significant leads over Senator Luther Strange in the fifth district.”
Brooks is hoping to get a boost from his home district on Tuesday.
“I would hope we have strong turnout throughout the state,” Brooks told Breitbart News in a phone interview.
Brooks added that he hoped those that “know him best” would be the ones not to be swayed by any of the advertising attacking him.
Brooks' congressional district will be where the race is won or lost for Strange and Brooks. Without a big turnout north of the Tennessee River, Brooks's chances to make the cut are nil.
Weather a Factor in Southwest Alabama
Primary Day in Mobile and Baldwin Counties could be a wet one and that may impact turnout. According to the Weather Channel's website, there is a 60 percent chance of rain. In an election event that is already expected to have a low turnout, the weather could diminish it even more.
White said:
Two factors will pull from Strange's ability to use Mobile and Baldwin counties as a much-needed boost: Trip Pittman has pulled larger-than-expected support away from Luther's base, and Mobile and Baldwin counties will be faced with thunderstorms throughout Tuesday. Weather will always play a factor in voter turnout and can mean the difference between winning and losing if a campaign relies on uncommitted or low information voters to boost numbers. Typically, voters with a higher propensity of primary participation will not be deterred from the voting booth because of a few inches of rain.
In Montgomery and Birmingham, the threat of rain is much lower throughout the day, which could bode well for Moore and Strange. In Huntsville, rain will come early, but should move through the area before the polls open on Tuesday, which is a positive for Brooks.
The Attack Ad Controversy
Moore and Brooks have both been the targets of an attack ad campaign by the Senate Leadership Fund, a super PAC controlled by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and which has been decidedly pro-Luther Strange.
Initially, the group focused on attacking Brooks with advertising that questioned his loyalty to President Donald Trump, who overwhelming won both Alabama's Republican presidential primary and the state in the 2016 general election.
The ads have focused on comments Brooks made while supporting Trump's opponent Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) in last year's GOP primary.
“Well, it's quite clear that Luther Strange, if he wins, it will be because of loyalties to Mitch McConnell,” Brooks said in an interview with Breitbart at a candidates' event. “Kentucky already has two senators. They don't need a third.”
In recent days, the Senate Leadership Fund has also started targeting Roy Moore. One of their ads, titled “More for Moore,” suggests that Moore and his wife financially benefited from his Foundation for Moral Law, an organization Moore was a part of after being removed from the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003.
“There's no whining in politics,” Moore said when Breitbart News asked him about the ads. “I'm not whining about the Never Trump PACs against me, so that's just part of politics.”
Will it make a difference? Rob Holbert, editor of Mobile's alternative weekly newspaper Lagniappe, told Breitbart News he was not sure if Alabamians would appreciate being told how to vote.
“Strange's massive attacks on Moore and Brooks have become so pervasive they've probably had the effect of making people question why there's so much vitriol,” Holbert said. “So we'll see how Alabamians react to big Washington money telling them how to vote.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Later, after settling in their new homeland, she said her mother was excited by the idea of having a refrigerator in the kitchen — they had no such thing in England and her mother called it "the best thing going." While not an invention, call it a 20th-century development, the abundance the family found in a Canadian supermarket was something Bicknell found astounding.
"First time, we walked into a Dominion we could not close our mouths," said Hodgkins. "There was butter, bacon, all over, different kinds. We couldn't believe it. She often spoke of that."
Bicknell's genes may have played a role in her longevity. Her father, Edward Highfield, died at 93 and her mother Alice died at 95. She also had two sisters who lived into their 90s. Whenever she was asked her secret to a long life, however, she just put it up to happenstance.
"She'd just say, 'Everybody's living longer. We're all living longer.' She just took it in stride. Everybody would ask her what her secret was and she'd say, 'Just keep breathing.'"
Her age got some attention. A researcher from Boston University, who studies people older than 100, had seen an article in the Grimsby paper about Bicknell's 110th birthday party in May. He gathered information on her and her family background, but Bicknell died before providing a blood and DNA sample.
Bicknell grew up in Wolverhampton, England,the oldest of four children. Her father worked at a factory making door locks and her mother was a homemaker. Her daughter said they always asked her mother about what she remembered growing up and one time she spoke about seeing German zeppelins during the First World War.
Bicknell worked as a bookkeeper in England and as a saleslady in a dry goods store in downtown St. Catharines until she was 65 in 1972. She married Bill Bicknell in 1936 and they had one child. He worked as a plasterer and, after the family came to Canada, opened his own business called Bicknell Building and built homes in Fonthill. He died in 1964 of stomach cancer at the age of 54. The family spent time in Jordan, Sault St. Marie and St. Catharines.
Bicknell lived on her own until she had a ministroke when she was 99 and the doctor told her she couldn't go back to her apartment. She moved into Deer Park in 2006. She enjoyed reading, listening to classical music and spending time with her family.
The family always had a big birthday party for her every year after she turned 100. They had food, cake, a band and relatives would often visit from England. Her daughter visited her every day.
"We were so fortunate to have her for so long," said Hodgkins. "It's definitely a void in our lives."
Bicknell is survived by her daughter, three grandsons and two grandchildren.
dnolan@thespec.com
905-526-3351 | @dandundas
Young drivers have faced significant challenges when it comes to motor insurance in recent years. But experts at www.Coverinaclick.ie say that while their first year on the road can be expensive, an analysis of premiums between year 1 and year 2 demonstrate a sharp fall in costs.
The online brokers say they want to let young motorists know that more affordable premiums are in sight and that if they can see out the first year and take the necessary steps to help themselves, young drivers could see their premiums slashed by 76% or more.
Figures from www.coverinaclick.ie say reveal that a 21-year-old provisional driver with no experience could pay as much as €3,936 in the first year, but with just one-year driving experience, no claims and a full licence behind them, they can now secure a premium of €932 by switching him or her to one of the new specialist Lloyds underwriters.
Jonathan Hehir, Managing Director of Coverinaclick.ie is advising those who are about to embark on their motoring journey to be prudent in their approach and to do what they can themselves to cut costs,
“While insurers are the ones who set the prices, young drivers still have some control over their fate in terms of the premiums they pay – particularly once they have gained some driving experience. We ran the numbers and if these drivers can reach and complete 3 driving “milestones” i.e. get 12 professional lessons, attain their full licence and earn a 1 year no claims Bonus, then they will see a huge reduction in what they are charged for motor insurance, as we can switch them to one of our Lloyds underwriters. Even those who only manage 2 out of 3 and don't get their test the first year will still see a marked decrease in premiums”.
Coverinaclick.ie say that young drivers face greater challenges than other drivers when securing the best value on the market, which is why 9 times out of 10, they would be better off using a broker with access to the often much cheaper Lloyds market for them, rather than just being limited to direct insurers based here.
Mr Hehir explained: “There is limited competition in the first-time market - a first-time driver might only have 5 insurers looking to quote, whereas a driver with a full no claims bonus could have 15+ insurers looking to quote for their business. Basically, these drivers need to know where to look as it's a bit of a niche market, what's more not all brokers will specialise in this category – you need to find one who has rate agreements in place with specialist insurers who will do young driver a decent ‘deals'.”
Top tips for young and/or new drivers
The Coverinaclick.ie Top Tips for a better rate include.
1. Get lessons - discounts will be offered by certain insurers for drivers who have completed 12 lessons from a qualified driver instructor.
2. Get your full licence.
3. If possible plan ahead - try to get experience by being added to a parent's policy for a period to help get the driving test. While traditionally most insurers will insist on a full year, some providers offer discounts to young drivers who have 6 months' experience on their parent's policy.
4. Look at the model and engine size of the car you are going to buy. Don't be afraid to ask for different quotes for various cars.
5. Check the differences between third party fire and theft and comprehensive, according to the value of the vehicle.
6. If you want to teach your teenager to drive, cost out the various alternatives – adding them to your or your spouse's cover or arranging separate cover for them – don't assume that one will be cheaper than the other.
7. Remember that some insurance companies specialising in insuring young drivers are only available through certain brokers.
As Maame Biney laces up her skates for one of her last practices before heading to the Winter Olympics, her mind drifts to her upcoming 18th birthday -- and the prospect of her first cell phone.
Scroll for more content...
"Dad says he's going to get me one," she says, her permagrin on full display.
Rocking a jacket from the World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships in Austria, where his daughter snared bronze in the 500-meter, Kweku Biney leans against the protective padding surrounding the rink. Montell Jordan plays over the loudspeakers.
A single father, Kweku Biney has long been there for his daughter -- from the time she landed at Dulles after leaving her native Ghana at age 5 till now, as she makes final preparations for the PyeongChang Games. On February 10, when she becomes the first African-American woman to represent the United States in Olympic speed skating, he'll be there, too.
"Right, daddy?" Maame asks, fixed on the phone.
"Somehow," he says, his voice barely audible over the drone of a Zamboni polishing the long track at the Utah Olympic Oval.
Maame -- pronounced "MAH-may" -- spins toward her fellow skaters, which include three-fifths of the men's Olympic short-track team. "You all just heard that!"
They needle their teammate. Heard what? They didn't hear anything. She tries to pull a reporter into her camp. Surely, someone heard it!
Kweku Biney's smile widens.
"Did I say that? No one heard it," he says, laughing.
As Maame continues her preparations, strapping on her helmet and an "E.T." glove with carbon-fiber bulbs at the tips of each finger, her father confides in the reporter.
"Phones get them in trouble, but she's mature," he says. "Eighteen, you know?"
'A Maame laugh ... settles everyone down'
With power that belies her youth, Maame is America's best hope for a medal in the 500 meters. She also qualified for the 1,500, but her specialty is the shorter race. Maame jumps off the line like a sprinter, scrambling for the critical inside position. The E.T. glove gives her just enough leverage to glide through the turns, her shoulder maybe 2 feet from the ground.
It doesn't take long to finish four-and-a-half laps of 111.111 meters each. If you're watching, go to the bathroom at your own risk.
Coach Anthony Barthell, who's known Maame since she was 11, said she was a "powerful little girl," oozing natural talent. Taller and stronger than her peers, she's like no one he's ever coached, he said, but she still has plenty of work to do on her technique -- that "push" skaters used to propel themselves to speeds of around 30 mph.
At trials in December, she won the finals by more than a half second, an eternity in speed skating. Her time of 43.161 is just over eight-tenths of a second off the world record set by British skater Elise Christie in 2016. At 18, Maame has ample time to close that gap. She beat her own personal best five or six times last year alone, Barthell said.
She has "maybe one or two more Olympics in her, possibly three," the coach told CNN.
Yet Maame's greatest contribution to Team USA isn't necessarily her athleticism. It may be her smile. We're not talking some impish simper, oh no. We're talking a toothy, 1,000-watt grin that blooms across most of her lower face.
Her positivity is boundless. Late last year, a Belgian skater's 17--inch blade snapped, flew into her face and ripped into her lip and chin, requiring stitches. But Maame didn't dwell on that. She took to Instagram. "Who won? You guys should see the blade," she posted.
"I love having people smile and laugh because if you're smiling and laughing, then that means you're happy, and being happy ... is the best present you can ever give to anyone every single day, so I love doing that," she told CNN, a faint white battle scar on her chin.
Her hearty belly laugh, which resonates throughout the cavernous Olympic Oval, even over the Zamboni, plays into Barthell's practices.
"A Maame laugh, that just settles everyone down," he said after a recent practice. "If I see that she's tired and the morale's starting to go down -- the team, the chemistry's just a little low, the atmosphere's a little low for me -- I'll go up and crack a joke because I know it could be a horrible joke, but she's going to be the one that laughs and everyone else starts recovering a little easier."
Her demeanor hasn't changed much since she was an 11-year-old, said Barthell, who was named the US short track coach in 2016.
"I just remember her sitting there smiling and laughing and whenever I went to shake her hand, she just busted out laughing. That was my first impression of her, that she's just a happy-go-lucky kid, and she's still the same," he said. "If she's having a bad day, you can't really tell."
Maame said that at her high school in Reston, Virginia, where she calls home, she was known for "getting in trouble for laughing a lot." She said this while giggling.
That's been less of an issue her senior year. Since summer, she's been living with a host family while training for the 500 and 1,500 in Kearns, Utah, at a speed skating facility built for the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics. Though her father asked her to take a hiatus from school for the Olympics, she insisted on graduating with her friends.
She attends English and history classes, the final credits she needs for graduation, via videoconference. At competitions, she watches recordings of the classes. She does homework between training sessions and regularly emails her teachers at South Lakes High School.
"She's an A and B student. If she studies hard, she can make all As, but practice..." her father said, nodding toward the ice rink. "She's got to be a kid, too, sometimes, so I give her a pass."
From Accra to Reston
To say Maame's path to speed skating excellence was circuitous or unlikely is to sell it short.
Kweku Biney, 59, left Accra, Ghana, in the 1980s, hitchhiking north through the Sahara Desert and eventually landing in Alicante, Spain -- almost 2,300 miles away as the crow flies.
He bopped around Europe for a while -- to Sweden, Denmark, Norway and France -- before flying to the States in 1984 and settling in Hyattsville, Maryland.
Now separated, Kweku had two kids with his wife: Maame and her little brother, Nana Kojo, 15, who still lives in Accra. Maame visited her dad for the first time in 2005. It didn't begin well.
As Kweku drove her from the airport to his home in Wheaton, Maryland, Maame began bawling. She wanted to go home.
He explained that she couldn't just get back on the plane: "I have to make certain things happen before you can do that."
She stopped crying and Kweku continued driving, only to stop 3 miles down the road to console her again. Then again on the Beltway. And again at home. He decided not to get out of the car and instead drove her to Wheaton Plaza Mall (now Westfield Wheaton).
"The first store we went into was JCPenney. This girl saw how big the store is. She was just running all over. 'Daddy, I like this one. No, no, daddy, I don't like this one. I like that thing over there,'" he recounted. "I just folded my arms, stood up and just watched her just run back and forth. She got tired and I just went and bought her a few things. She stopped crying, and that was it.
"The following day, this girl told me, 'Daddy, I'm not going back to Ghana.'"
Kweku Biney was making the commute to a government healthcare contractor in Reston, the same company that employs him today. He and Maame moved into a coworkers' basement to be closer to work and school, before finding an apartment in town.
'Let her go try speed skating'
About three months after Maame's introduction to an American mall, Kweku was driving near SkateQuest in Reston, where he saw a sign: "Learn to skate."
"Maame, do you want to try this?"
"What's that, daddy?"
"You know, just glide on the ice, move on the ice."
Maame responded with a blank look. Kweku didn't know much about skating, either. Soccer had always been his sport. But his daughter gave her dad a simple answer: "Yes."
"I don't think she really understood what I'm saying because she had never seen ice before," Kweku said. "I was really scared because I thought she was going to fall and then break her head open because where we are from, there's no ice. The only thing icy there is the cold beer."
Maame instantly fell in love with skating and "did it with ease," Kweku said. It wasn't long before an instructor told Kweku that Maame wasn't cut out for figure skating. She was too fast.
"Just let her go try speed skating," the instructor said.
The switch meant years of getting up before dawn on Saturdays. Kweku didn't appreciate his daughter's dedication to the sport until that third Saturday. He was bushed and didn't want to get up.
"She was 5 years old. She said, 'Daddy, it's Saturday morning. We have to go!' and I was like, 'Oh man, I thought she was going to be sleeping.' She wasn't. She woke me up. And then we went, and I said, 'OK.' I didn't miss any time anymore," the proud papa said. "She's been running away with this thing ever since."
There were times Kweku went hungry to make sure she ate. Pricey skates, lessons and equipment meant he was never able to put away much in savings.
"I came to America with nothing, so when I die, I'm not going to take anything with me, so hey, just spend it on her," he said.
Kweku thanks God for guiding him past that SkateQuest sign in 2005, and he thanks the United States for making Maame's story possible.
"Only in America, nowhere else," he said.
Asked how he feels about the political climate surrounding immigration, considering his immigrant daughter is set to proudly wear the red, white and blue in PyeongChang, he bristled. He doesn't want Maame to be a pawn in anyone's politics. They both love America. That's all you need to know.
"I told her to never get into politics. It's a dirty business," he said. "Sports, school, God -- that's it. No politics."
'Just normal Maame'
Ask Maame about her aspirations and, as nonchalantly as some high schoolers might speak of being a doctor one day, she'll say she wants to be a chemical engineer, world speed skating champion and Olympic gold medalist. No big deal.
"I really have an interest in making things explode, and I guess my dad, he told me a few years ago that he was into chemistry when he was a little kid, so I guess chemistry runs in the family," she said.
When she takes the ice later this month, she'll not only set precedent for African-American women, but she'll be one of only four foreign-born US Olympians, the second-ever African-born US Olympian and the second African-American speedskater on a US Olympics team. Her pal, Shani Davis, who's competing in his fifth Winter Olympics, was the first.
"It's a huge thing," she said, but she isn't hung up on the racial aspect of her accomplishments.
"I have friends who accept me and who don't think of me as being an African-American," she said. "They just think of me as being normal Maame or being human."
To any youngsters her achievements might inspire, no matter their race, she has a message: "Go out there, find an ice arena or ice rink, and just skate and try it out. ... You never know. You could be the next Olympian, which is an awesome thing to be."
'It was a graceful fall'
Maame realizes she wouldn't be among the world's fastest speed skaters without her dad. She speaks to her mother in Ghana about once a week, but Kweku plays both roles here at home. It can be tough, especially at her age, she said.
"I like guys, and my dad, I'm always going to be his little girl, and I think it's a really awkward situation when you're like, 'Hey daddy, I like this guy. What do you think and stuff?' It's really hard to talk to him about it because he's like," she breaks into her best Kweku impression. "'No, you're going to get married when you're 50 years old.' All right, dad. OK. I see how it is."
But Kweku isn't one of these win-at-all-costs fathers. He wants only what's best for her and would prefer she worries about guys when she's done with school and skating, she said.
The day before she won the 500 at the Olympic trials, Maame had what she felt was a poor run in the 1,500. Where others might rejoice at finishing third and qualifying for an Olympic event, Maame has a tendency to get down on herself and worry that people won't like her unless she skates well, she said.
Kweku knew what to say.
"No matter what happens tomorrow, whether you get last or whether you get first, just know that I love you not because you're a speed skater but because you're Maame and you're my daughter," he told her.
She went on to win the trials before falling onto her rump while pumping her fists in celebration.
"It was a graceful fall," her dad said, beaming.
Biney giddily recounted the moment. "I was like, 'I made the team. Holy cow, I made the team! (Squeal!)' And then I cheered so hard that I fell."
The graceful tumble and her post-race interview charmed everyone who saw them. Despite her maturity and speed, it felt like she might never relinquish her youth.
On the Wednesday before leaving for PyeongChang, Maame attended a short practice before hitting the stationary bike. It was a recovery day, and she was looking forward to some rare downtime. Kweku reminded her she had dinner plans with her host family that evening. She has no driver's license, so he made sure she had transportation lined up.
She was headed to Park City to see a friend, she told him. Both of their birthdays are coming up, so they'd agreed to pay for each other's ticket, she said, laughing at the absurdity of it. They'll grab grab a bubble tea -- taro with vanilla for Maame -- before catching the 4 o'clock showing of "Jumanji."
Typical afternoon for a couple of kids.
With the purpose of making the world healthier and happier, premier global nutrition company, Herbalife, is strengthening its digestive health category in India with the launch of Herbal Aloe Concentrate. This brings the total number of Herbalife products in the digestive health category available in the country up to four – the others being Activated Fibre, Active Fibre Complex and Aloe Plus.
Herbal Aloe Concentrate is formulated with premium-quality Aloe Vera to support digestive health. It can be used as a refreshing drink when mixed with water, and can serve as a healthy replacement for soft drinks or high-sugar juices, as the product is low in calories.
Commenting on the launch of Herbal Aloe Concentrate, Ajay Khanna, Vice President and Country Head – Herbalife International India Pvt, Ltd, said, “The start point for overall well-being is a good and healthy digestion. A lot of ailments have their root cause in poor digestion resulting from an improper digestive health. At Herbalife, we are driven by our purpose of helping people lead healthier lives. With the addition of the Herbal Aloe Concentrate, we now offer a suite of products in this category to suit consumers' preferences for digestive health.”
Aloe Vera is a common plant that has traditionally been used in topical form in various regions for thousands of years, including Egyptian, Chinese, European and Indian cultures, with recognized benefits for wound healing and anti-inflammatory properties. There are several additional benefits from another form of Aloe when it is used for consumption, which has been used in Ayurveda and South African Medicine. The plant has been incorporated in Indian systems of indigenous medicine, including Ayurveda, Sidda, Unani and Homeopathy, for digestive health.
THIS STORY CONTAINS GRAPHIC IMAGES
AN NFL star who almost blew his hand off in a 4th of July fireworks accident has posted graphic pictures of his injury on Instagram.
New Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul was lucky his hand could be saved after fireworks he purchased exploded at a 2015 Independence Day party in Florida.
MORE US SPORTS NEWS
MORE SPORT: AUSSIE LANDS MASSIVE NBA PAYDAY
‘LEIGH MONTAGNA SHOULD RESIGN': GRANT THOMAS
He lost his index finger and part of the middle finger on his left hand, which still sports scarring and burn marks from the fateful night.
It's been a hard road for the 29-year-old, but he has remained one of the best defensive ends in the game, recording 15.5 sacks in two seasons since making his comeback from the injury.
Camera Icon Jason Pierre-Paul was lucky his hand could be saved after fireworks he purchased exploded at a 2015 Independence Day party in Florida. Picture: Supplied
He posted a trio of graphic images on his Instagram today, coinciding with US Independence Day celebrations, issuing a warning to others thinking about using fireworks.
“It's been 4yrs (three) since my accident and I can truly say I'm very blessed and fortunate to be where I am in life,” Pierre-Paul wrote.
“Looking at these pictures seems unreal and crazy.
“How your life can change in the blink of an eye.
“One of the greatest American traditions in celebrating 4th of July is with fireworks.
“Unfortunately, tomorrow someone will be injured playing with fireworks.
“We are celebrating the birthday of our great nation.
“I'm glad to still be alive to show you the outcome of what happened to me.
“Please don't feel sorry for me, trust me your boy fine even with missing fingers lol.
“Be safe out there otherwise, this can be you.”
In March, Pierre-Paul was traded from the New York Giants to the Buccaneers.
It was a beautiful day across our area after a chilly start where temperatures were in the 30s, but rose into the 60s this afternoon under a mostly clear sky. For tonight we will continue to have a clear sky overhead as high pressure has a strong influence on our weather pattern. Temperatures tonight will fall a good amount again, down to the 30s by the time you wake up in the morning, with spots north of I-10 possibly seeing a light frost.
For the better part of a year NVIDIA developers and Adam Jackson at Red Hat have been working on " server-side GLVND " and this new X.Org Server feature might finally be close to landing.After spearheading GLVND as the OpenGL Vendor Neutral Dispatch library for allowing multiple OpenGL drivers to co-exist happily on the same system, developers have been working on a similar implementation for the X.Org Server. This is for allowing different drivers to support different X screens within the same running X.Org Server.This server-side GLVND will improve the support for PRIME laptops and other use-cases like XWayland where multiple drivers may be at play with acceleration and GLX still working correctly. On Friday the second version of these patches were sent out by Adam Jackson. The latest code updates can be found on xorg-devel We'll see soon enough if the code merges to master. Originally Jackson and others had been planning to get out X.Org Server 1.20 in ~January of this year, but after being in development for more than one year, this next release doesn't look like it will materialize anytime in the very immediate future as the features keep piling on.
DNA has an important job--it tells your cells which proteins to make. Now, a research team at the University of Delaware has developed technology to program strands of DNA into switches that turn proteins on and off.
UD's Wilfred Chen Group describes their results in a paper published Monday, March 12 in the journal Nature Chemistry. This technology could lead to the development of new cancer therapies and other drugs.
Computing with DNA
This project taps into an emerging field known as DNA computing. Data we commonly send and receive in everyday life, such as text messages and photos, utilize binary code, which has two components--ones and zeroes. DNA is essentially a code with four components, the nucleotides guanine, adenine, cytosine, and thymine. In cells, the arrangement of these four nucleotides determines the output--the proteins made by the DNA. Here, scientists have repurposed the DNA code to design logic-gated DNA circuits.
"Once we had designed the system, we had to first go into the lab and attach these DNA strands to various proteins we wanted to be able to control," said study author Rebecca P. Chen, a doctoral student in chemical and biomolecular engineering (no relation to Wilfred Chen). The custom sequence designed DNA strands were ordered from a manufacturer while the proteins were made and purified in the lab. Next, the protein was attached to the DNA to make protein-DNA conjugates.
The group then tested the DNA circuits on E. coli bacteria and human cells. The target proteins organized, assembled, and disassembled in accordance with their design.
"Previous work has shown how powerful DNA nanotechnology might possibly be, and we know how powerful proteins are within cells," said Rebecca P. Chen. "We managed to link those two together."
Applications to drug delivery
The team also demonstrated that their DNA-logic devices could activate a non-toxic cancer prodrug, 5-fluorocytosine, into its toxic chemotherapeutic form, 5-fluorouracil. Cancer prodrugs are inactive until they are metabolized into their therapeutic form. In this case, the scientists designed DNA circuits that controlled the activity of a protein that was responsible for conversion of the prodrug into its active form. The DNA circuit and protein activity was turned "on" by specific RNA/DNA sequence inputs, while in the absence of said inputs the system stayed "off."
To do this, the scientists based their sequence inputs on microRNA, small RNA molecules that regulate cellular gene expression. MicroRNA in cancer cells contains anomalies that would not be found in healthy cells. For example, certain microRNA are present in cancer cells but absent in healthy cells. The group calculated how nucleotides should be arranged to activate the cancer prodrug in the presence of cancer microRNA, but stay inactive and non-toxic in a non-cancerous environment where the microRNA are missing. When the cancer microRNAs were present and able to turn the DNA circuit on, cells were unable to grow. When the circuit was turned off, cells grew normally.
This technology could have wide applications not only to other diseases besides cancer, but also beyond the biomedical field. For example, the research team demonstrated that their technology could be applied to the production of biofuels, by utilizing their technology to guide an enzymatic cascade, a series of chemical reactions, to break down a plant fiber.
Using the newly developed technology, researchers could target any DNA sequence of their choosing and attach and control any protein they want. Someday, researchers could "plug and play" programmed DNA into a variety of cells to address a variety of diseases, said study author Wilfred Chen, Gore Professor of Chemical Engineering.
"This is based on a very simple concept, a logical combination, but we are the first to make it work," he said. "It can address a wide scope of problems, and that makes it very intriguing."
###
About Wilfred Chen
Wilfred Chen joined UD in 2011 as the Gore Professor of Chemical Engineering. He was previously a Presidential Chair of Chemical Engineering at the University of California, Riverside.
Chen has published more than 240 journal papers and delivered over 90 invited lectures. He serves on the editorial board for eight scientific journals and is the winner of the 2015 Daniel I.C. Wang Award from AICHE/ACS and the 2017 Marvin J. Johnson Award from ACS.
He earned his bachelor's degree in chemical engineering at the University of California, Los Angeles, and his doctoral degree in chemical engineering from the California Institute of Technology. He also spent a year conducting post-doctoral research at the Institute of Biotechnology, ETH-Honggerberg, in Zurich, Switzerland.
SANTIAGO, March 31 A Chinese investment group has made an offer to buy a stake in Chilean soccer club Colo Colo that would make it the largest shareholder, a local newspaper reported on Friday.
An unnamed group had made the approach to Anibal Mosa, the club president and current holder of the shares, and Mosa was "seriously considering" the offer, said El Mercurio, citing a "high-placed source".
Mosa's 29.8 percent stake in holding company Blanco & Negro entitles him to three seats on the nine-seat board of directors of Santiago-based Colo Colo, one of Chile's most popular soccer clubs. The newspaper said he declined to comment on the story.
The move into ownership of a Latin American club would be unusual for Chinese investors. However, in a bid to boost their growing domestic league, Chinese clubs have invested heavily in Argentine and Brazilian players and coaches.
Brazil's former World cup winning manager Luiz Felipe Scolari is at Guangzhou Evergrande, while a host of players that include Brazil regulars Renato Augusto and Paulinho and former Chelsea midfielders Oscar and Ramires all now play for Chinese clubs.
(Reporting by Rosalba O'Brien and Andrew Downie; editing by Mark Heinrich)
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - US Defense Secretary James Mattis claimed this week's Syrian national dialogue congress in Russia's Sochi had failed to produce any significant results.
"You see, coming out of Sochi, which did not work out, I think is the most polite way to describe the outcome. They're on their way to Geneva – Staffan de Mistura – and the United Nations," he told reporters on Friday.
Mattis did not say why he deemed the Sochi peace effort a failure, but stressed the UN-backed process in Geneva, brokered by UN special envoy de Mistura, was "on track again for all the people who've questioned we'd ever get there."
The Sochi dialogue congress was held in the Russian resort city on Tuesday. It brought together some 1,400 delegates from the Syrian government and various opposition groups who agreed to form a constitutional commission in Geneva to amend the existing Syrian constitution.
Earlier, UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura stated that the final communique of the Syrian National Dialogue Congress in Sochi for the Syrian crisis settlement was worked out within the UN-backed Geneva process.
UN Envoy for Syria also said that the constitutional committee agreed on at the Syrian National Dialogue Congress will comprise both the representatives of the Syrian government and opposition activists and thanked the forum in the city of Sochi for its contribution to the Geneva peace talks.
Every New Year's Day since at least 1890, the Queen of England has named new members of the orders of chivalry, a.k.a. knighthood. This year, David Adjaye joins the select rank of architects who have been honored with a title. Back in 2007, Adjaye—or Sir Adjaye, now—was named an Office of the order of the British Empire. This year, he will receive the Knights Bachelor award.
"I see this not as a personal celebration, but as a celebration of the vast potential – and responsibility – for architecture to effect positive social change, that we as architects have to bring something positive to the world," Adjaye said in a statement released by his firm, Adjaye Associates. "I am proud to continue to work in service of this mission as a global cultural ambassador for the UK."
2016 was a big year for Adjaye. His National Museum of African American History and Culture on the National Mall was widely-praised. He was announced as the designer for the San Francisco Shipyard redevelopment. In September, he won a London Design Medal. Currently, his firm is working on a major new museum in Riga, Latvia.
For more on Adjaye, follow these links:
Brian Ganz, internationally renowned classical pianist, will present a solo concert of Chopin's youthful creations on Sunday, January 15, 2017, at 3 p.m. at the Unitarian Universalist Church of Annapolis (UUCA), 333 Dubois Road. The program, “Chopin: A Young Genius,” will feature the composer's 12 Etudes, Op. 10–early works that set the standard for demanding technical studies, while being works of great beauty and originality. Also included in the program are three nocturnes, several youthful polonaises and mazurkas, and an elegant set of variations Chopin composed on the German air “Der Schweizerbub.” The ticketed event, $20 at the door, will include a reception following the performance. For information, visit www.tinyurl.com/UUCA-concerts or call 410-266-8044 Monday–Thursday.
Widely regarded as one of the leading pianists of his generation, Brian Ganz is a laureate of the Marguerite Long Jacques Thibaud and the Queen Elisabeth of Belgium International Piano Competitions. His passion for Chopin has shaped his life's work. The Washington Post noted: “There isn't much about Chopin that Brian Ganz doesn't know. His delight and wonder in this music seem to grow, apparently without bounds, as time goes on.” In 2011 Ganz began a multi-year project in partnership with the National Philharmonic in which he will perform the complete works of Chopin at the Music Center at Strathmore in Bethesda, Maryland. The seventh recital in that series takes place in February 2017. Ganz's concert at UUCA in Annapolis on January 15 will preview that event.
Throughout his career, Ganz has made it his mission to join vivid music-making with warmth and intimacy to produce a new kind of listening experience in which great works come to life with authentic emotional power. Beyond performance, he engages the audience in discovering what lies behind the music. He brings that approach as artistic director of the monthly concert series at the Unitarian Universalist Church of Annapolis, now beginning its fourth year.
The January 15, 3 p.m., performance sponsored by the Unitarian Universalist Church of Annapolis is an exception to the normal Friday night schedule, although series tickets will be honored. The Fourth Friday series schedule will resume on February 24, with jazz vocalist Sara Jones. For more information on UUCA concerts, visit www.tinyurl.com/UUCA-concerts or call 410-266-8044 Monday–Thursday.
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
The Walking Dead has said goodbye to plenty of significant characters over its eight-season run, but it may be about to suffer its biggest loss yet: former sheriff's deputy and survivor leader Rick Grimes.
Andrew Lincoln, who plays the central character in AMC's long-running, zombie apocalypse drama, will leave during the upcoming Season 9, according to news reports. Collider first reported the story Tuesday and Entertainment Weekly and The Wrap later reported the news, citing anonymous sources.
AMC would not comment on the reports.
Collider says Lincoln could leave as early as six episodes into the new season. The Walking Dead traditionally opens each season in October, with eight episodes in the fall and eight in the spring.
In a 2015 USA TODAY interview during Season 5, Lincoln said he wasn't ready to leave, but that the show could continue without him.
The departure of Lincoln's Rick would be momentous in terms of the character's prominence in the show and also his longevity. With the death of Rick's son, Carl (Chandler Riggs), in Season 8 — itself a traumatic event for the series — only Rick, Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus) and Carol Peletier (Melissa McBride) remain from Season 1.
The battle between Rick's survivors and the Saviors, led by Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan), has been the major story of the two most recent seasons, but it was resolved in April's Season 8 finale.
Over time, Maggie Greene (Lauren Cohan), the pregnant widow of Glenn Rhee, has increased her standing as a survivor leader. The future of Cohan, who first appeared on the show in Season 2, was up in the air for a time but she told Entertainment Weekly at CinemaCon in April that she will return for Season 9. She also has an upcoming ABC series, Whiskey Cavalier.
Another popular character, Morgan Jones (Lennie James), left The Walking Dead after Season 8, moving to sister series Fear the Walking Dead in the first character crossover between the two shows.
CAPE TOWN - South African mobile company, Cell C has entered into a multi-billion rand roaming agreement with multinational mobile telecommunications group, MTN.
In the latest agreement between the two mobile carriers, Cell and MTN both announced the partnership yesterday.
This deal will see Cell C essentially roaming on MTN's network in areas where Cell C has little to no coverage.
The agreement which is set to be in full swing in the next few months will also increase Cell C's 4G population coverage from 33% to 80%.
According to Cell C CEO, Jose Dos Santos, said that although Cell C will carry the majority of its data traffic on its own network, the long-term multi-billion-rand agreement is significant.
“While Cell C still carries the vast majority of data traffic on its own network, as it has its own infrastructure in the metros, this deal is significant as it will provide 4G coverage to customers in outlying areas where we have chosen to buy rather than build coverage”, said Dos Santos.
Dos Santos added that part of the reason for clinching the deal with MTN is based on their significant network assessment. Cell C conducted a comprehensive assessment of the wholesale offering available in the market and concluded that MTN offered the best solution for their business going forward.
“More importantly, the agreement includes both 3G and 4G roaming services, mainly outside of the main metro areas and includes a seamless handover experience for customers. This means that where a customer is on a call that switches from a Cell C tower to a MTN tower, the call will not be dropped”, added Dos Santos.
Cell C said they were unable to disclose further details as the terms of the agreement are confidential.
Cell C is proud to announce that we have entered into a roaming agreement with MTN in order to complement our existing network while bringing greater 3G and 4G coverage to our subscribers – mainly in non-metro areas where further coverage is required https://t.co/VTJve14YvM — Cell C (@CellC) May 30, 2018
Meanwhile, MTN issued a statement yesterday stating that they are pleased that Cell C will be roaming on their network.
According to MTN, implementation of the agreement will begin next month with most of the services being transferred in the next two months. MTN assured customers that the transition will be seamless and MTN and Cell C customers will not incur any disruption.
“We set out to create South Africa's best network so that we could offer our customers the best experience. Our superior network has been created through our consistent network investments and we are pleased that we can now also offer that BOZZA experience to Cell C customers, in areas where we have additional capacity,” said MTN SA CEO, Godfrey Motsa.
“MTN is committed to the continued roll-out of our network, across the country, to make sure all South African's can reap the many benefits of mobile connectivity. This deal will help fund our ongoing network expansion while also immediately offering more South Africans in peri-urban and rural parts of our country greater connectivity, as they roam off MTN's existing network”, added Motsa.
READ ALSO: MTN is South Africa's most valuable brand
ALSO READ: MTN and Vodacom in row over multi-million rand Transnet tender
TOP STORY: UCT ranks as the top SA University - report
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
'WHERE DID I GO WRONG?'
What goes up, must come down. In Irish soccer player Megan Connolly's case, that can be pretty scary.
The moment my soul left my body.. pic.twitter.com/xHJNLLI8bp — Megan Connolly (@MeganConnolly4) March 16, 2018
The Republic of Ireland National Team and Florida State University soccer player Megan Connolly had the ride of her life over the weekend during a trip to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. The video of the ride Connolly posted on Twitter is gold, and is especially notable for a couple of reasons:
Her FSU teammate Dallas Dorosy fiendishly laughing at Connolly's reaction to the ride
The sultry sounds of the Fray's "How To Save A Life" playing in the background before takeoff
Luckily, Connolly has a supportive network of friends readies to check in on her after her clip went viral, like fellow Irish footballer Sophie Perry:
Hahah need a few throat lozenges for sure 😂 — Megan Connolly (@MeganConnolly4) March 17, 2018
[Megan Connolly Via Storyful]
Have you ever wanted to tell someone about a tough day at work or scary medical news, but felt nervous about calling a friend to share what's going on?
Findings from a new study suggest that people who feel apprehensive about one-on-one interactions are taking advantage of a new form of communication that may help regulate emotions during times of need: online social networks. The study is available online in the Journal of Consumer Psychology.
"When people feel badly, they have a need to reach out to others because this can help reduce negative emotions and restore a sense of well-being," says Eva Buechel, a professor in the business school at the University of South Carolina. "But talking to someone face-to-face or on the phone might feel daunting because people may worry that they are bothering them. Sharing a status update on Facebook or tweet on Twitter allows people to reach out to a large audience in a more undirected manner."
Sharing short messages to an audience on a social network, called microblogging, allows people to reach out without imposing unwanted communication on someone who might feel obligated to respond. Responses on online social networks are more voluntary. To test whether people are more likely to microblog when they feel socially apprehensive, Buechel asked participants in one group to write about a time when they had no one to talk to at a party, while the control group wrote about office products.
Then she asked the participants who had an online social network account to log in and spend two minutes on their preferred social network. When the time ended, she asked people if they had microblogged. The results showed that those who had been led to feel socially apprehensive were more likely to microblog.
To explore who is more likely to microblog, Buechel conducted another experiment in which one group of participants watched a clip from the movie "Silence of the Lambs," while the control group watched clips of pictures from space. Then they answered questions about how likely they were to express themselves in three different forms of communication: microblogging, in person or direct message (a private online message to an individual). Finally, she asked people to answer a series of questions that measured their level of social anxiety in a variety of situations.
Buechel discovered that people who were higher on the social apprehension scale were more likely to microblog after they had experienced negative emotions (as a result of watching the "Silence of The Lambs" clip). People who were low on the social apprehension scale, however, were more interested in sharing face-to-face or via direct message after watching the scary clip.
"There is a lot of research showing that sharing online is less ideal than having communication in person, but these social networks could be an important communication channel for certain individuals who would otherwise stay isolated," she says.
She acknowledges that there is a danger for those who start to rely on social media as their only form of communication, but when used wisely, microblogging can be a valuable means of buffering negative emotions though social interaction.
###
The study is available online at: http://onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1002/ jcpy. 1013/ abstract
This study will appear in the January, 2018 issue of the Journal of Consumer Psychology
For more information, contact:
Eva Buechel, Assistant Professor in the Department of Marketing
University of South Carolina
e-mail: eva.buechel@moore.sc.edu
phone: 803-777-4912
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Matthew Elliott, the former chief executive of Vote Leave, the official leave campaign of the Brexit referendum, said Wednesday that in its draft report the UK Electoral Commission (EC) had found that the campaign breached spending rules during the vote on leaving the European Union.
"Their initial conclusion is that we have overspent, that a donation we made to another group during the course of the campaign was incorrect, we shouldn't have made that donation. … They've listened to these, quite frankly marginal characters who came out in March, and listened to their stories, but haven't had evidence from Vote Leave side of things," the Sky News broadcaster quoted Elliott's interview with the channel.
The EC has not released its report yet, but it is expected to be published soon.
READ MORE: It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Swiss-Mess: Revelation of UK's Brexit Plan
Elliot refers to three whistleblowers, who said that Vote Leave funded a proxy youth campaign, BeLeave, to override spending limit of seven million pounds ($9.2 million) set by the Electoral Commission.
On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom voted in a referendum to leave the European Union. Last March, UK Prime Minister Theresa May officially invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, launching the process of the country's withdrawal from the bloc. The Brexit negotiations between London and the European Union started last year and are due to be completed by the end of March 2019.
In the largest study of its kind, researchers from the University of Bristol have analysed mood indicators in text from 800 million anonymous messages posted on Twitter. These tweets were found to reflect strong patterns of positive and negative moods over the 24-hour day.
Circadian rhythms, widely referred to as the 'body clock', allows people's bodies to predict their needs over the dark and light periods of the day. Most of this circadian activity is regulated by a small region in the hypothalamus of the brain called the suprachiasmatic nucleus, which is particularly sensitive to light changes at dawn and dusk, and sends signals through nerves and hormones to every tissue in the body.
The research team looked at the use of words relating to positive and negative emotions, sadness, anger, and fatigue in Twitter over the course of four years. The public expressions of affect and fatigue were linked to the time they appeared on the social platform to reveal changes within the 24-hours. Whilst previous studies have shown a circadian variation for positive and negative emotions the current study was able to differentiate specific aspects of anger, sadness, and fatigue.
Lead author and machine learning researcher Dr Fabon Dzogang, in collaboration with neuroscientist and current British Neuroscience Association President, Professor Stafford Lightman from Bristol Medical School: THS, and Nello Cristianini, Professor of Artificial Intelligence from the Department of Engineering Mathematics, have found distinct patterns of positive emotions and sadness between the weekends and the weekdays, and evidence of variation of these patterns across the seasons.
Dr Fabon Dzogang, research associate in the Department of Computer Science, said: "Our research revealed strong circadian patterns for both positive and negative moods. The profiles of anger and fatigue were found remarkably stable across the seasons or between the weekdays/weekend. The patterns that our research revealed for the positive emotions and sadness showed more variability in response to these changing conditions, and higher levels of interaction with the onset of sunlight exposure. These techniques that we demonstrated on the social media provide valuable tools for the study of our emotions, and for the understanding of their interaction within the circadian rhythm."
Stafford Lightman, Professor of Medicine and co-author, added: "Since many mental health disorders are affected by circadian rhythms, we hope that this study will encourage others to use social media to help in our understanding of the brain and mental health disorders."
###
Paper:
'Circadian mood variations in Twitter content' by Fabon Dzogang, Stafford Lightman and Nello Cristianini in Brain and Neuroscience Advances
Suspended SABC group sports executive Sully Motsweni appeared in the Johannesburg Specialised Crime Court and was granted bail of R5000. Picture: Lindile Sifile/The Star
Johannesburg - Court documents have shown how a top SABC executive deceived their chief financial officer into bankrolling her family and friends' travel and accommodation expenses, at a time when the public broadcaster was cash-strapped.
Suspended SABC group sports executive Sully Motsweni's alleged three-year spending spree began in April 2014 and ended in April last year.
Motsweni, a former colleague of ex-SABC chief operating officer Hlaudi Motsoeneng, allegedly duped the SABC into financing her relatives' trips to attend company-sponsored events across the country, resulting in a loss of R45182.
She allegedly used her position as the sports executive to get approval for the trips. The money covered air tickets and accommodation.
This occurred at a time when the SABC's finances had hit rock-bottom, forcing Motsoeneng to lead an aggressive campaign to recover outstanding TV licence fees.
Motsweni was arrested on Wednesday morning at her home in Boksburg after the police had informed her the night before of their investigation into 11 counts of fraud against her.
She appeared in the Johannesburg Specialised Crime Court and was granted bail of R5000.
Court documents, which The Star has seen, allege that Motsweni misled the now acting chief financial officer, Thabile Sylvia Dlamini, into believing that the people she was travelling with were officials who needed to attend the public broadcaster's events.
The documents further show that the corporation footed the bill for Motsweni's mother's trips to the Crown Gospel Awards in 2014 and 2015.
Her two friends who accompanied her were also paid for by the SABC.
Dlamini was again tricked into paying for trips and accommodation for Motsweni's three children and their friend to attend the Two Oceans Marathon in Cape Town in 2014 and last year. She claimed her sons, all over 18, were athletes in the marathon.
The State claims Motsweni made a misrepresentation and she knew that “* Thando and *Thabo were her children and not athletes going to run or participate in the marathon and that the said persons were not and would not add value to the SABC brand,” the court papers said.
Insiders at the SABC told The Star that Motsweni had fallen out with many of her colleagues, because of her perceived allegiance to Motsoeneng.
In her 2014 report entitled “When Governance and Ethics Fail”, former public protector Thuli Madonsela fingered Motsweni for having benefited handsomely when Motsoeneng abused his power by hiring her as general manager of compliance, operation and stakeholder relations in 2011 and then promoted her to acting group executive in risk and governance the following year.
This saw her salary shoot up from R960500 a year to R1.5million, exposing Motsoeneng as having favourites.
“The human resources records show that Ms Sully Motsweni's appointments and salary progressions were done without following proper procedures and was in violation of personnel regulations, was irregular and constitutes abuse of power and maladministration,” Madonsela's report states.
Motsweni was also accused of orchestrating the resignation of sports anchor Robert Marawa from the SABC last year.
Two weeks prior to this, Marawa had removed himself from his Metro FM slot following the suspension of his radio show producer Beverly Maphangwa, which he deemed unfair.
Motsweni, along with several other managers, were suspended last year for approving two contracts worth R18m, which were not budgeted for.
SABC staff said Motsweni's arrest was the culmination of the clean-up under the new board.
“Hlaudi (Motsoeneng) left behind a lot of rot. His rivals are now digging up the dirt by exposing the corruption that he allowed to manifest under his watch.
“More people who benefited by abusing the company's systems will also be exposed,” said an employee.
Motsoeneng was not aware of the case when asked for comment. “At the SABC I didn't have any close friends, I only had colleagues. I treated everybody equally,” he said.
During Wednesday's bail application, Motsweni cut a lonely figure in the dock, next to two men in grimy clothes who had been arrested for unrelated crimes. She wore a velvet hat and black coat, and sported purple nail polish.
* Not their real names
@lindilesifile
The Star
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
By: Tim Studebaker
Facebook: @TStudebakerABC6
Twitter: @TStudebakerABC6
Email: tstudebaker@abc6.com
PROVIDENCE, R.I. – According to the National Weather Service, severe weather disasters kill an average of 500 people and cause nearly $15-billion in damage each year across the US. When severe weather strikes, it's important to have a plan in place to keep everyone safe. That's the goal of a National Weather Service program called “StormReady.”
This Friday, Rhode Island is celebrating, because every city and town has earned the distinction. Rhode Island is the first state in the nation to have all of its cities and towns receive the “StormReady” designation. Friday afternoon, a ceremony was held at the Rhode Island State House with the Governor, National Weather Service officials, and representatives from communities across the state.
Back in 2012, only three of the state's communities had met the requirements. Today, all 39 cities and towns have done it.
Each community met specific storm preparation standards to be declared "StormReady." There are several requirements, all focused on the safety of residents.
Bob Thompson, the Meteorologist In Charge at the National Weather Service Weather Forecast Office in Taunton says, "'StormReady' is a program that the National Weather Service has to help communities to be better prepared in the event of hazardous weather."
The program has been in place for several years, and communities across the country are getting on board. The standards that have to be met for a city or town to be designated "StormReady" are rigorous.
Thompson says, "Requirements in terms of the communications [are] observation equipment in the area for weather information, the ability to disseminate information out when there is a warning or some sort of heads up of hazardous weather, and the plans that they have made for preparedness."
Businesses can also take part in the program. They can choose to become "StormReady Supporters" by developing plans to protect their employees during severe weather.
We here at ABC6 became StormReady Supporters back in 2012, and we are proud to say we are the only StormReady Supporter listed in the state of Rhode Island.
It remains our mission to keep you informed before and during severe weather.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2018
Mitch Marsh's status as a future Australian captain has been underlined after his appointment to lead the Australia A team in India in September.
The West Australian skipper, who is set to succeed WA coach-in-waiting Adam Voges as Perth Scorchers captain, will use the next three months to recover from ankle surgery as he prepares to take on the greater leadership roles.
Marsh, 26, had bone spurs removed from the front and back of his left ankle as well as having seven pieces of floating bone removed from the joint. He had identical surgery seven years ago and was told at the time that he would probably require another operation this year.
Marsh expects to start running within two weeks and hopes to be able to bowl in the two four-day matches in India in early September.
The 12-month suspensions of former Australian captain Steve Smith and his deputy David Warner have seen Tim Paine parachuted into the leadership roles, with the Tasmanian set to captain the Test and one-day teams this summer.
But Marsh could be fast-tracked into the Test captaincy by the Ashes series next year when he would become just the third West Australian after Kim Hughes and Adam Gilchrist to lead the national team.
“We are looking for leaders for future Australian teams,” selection chairman Trevor Hohns said.
Marsh could be Paine's deputy later this year as Cricket Aust-ralia searches for its next generation of leaders. “It is there, but it is not something I am focused on solely and with where we are as the Australian cricket team, I want to become the best cricketer and best person I can be,” Marsh said.
“If that means in time I become the Australian vice-captain then so be it, but I am just worried about getting my ankle right and getting back to playing some good cricket. But I must be doing something right and I am looking forward to the opportunity (for Australia A).
“I have grown into the role (as WA captain) but right now I feel my leadership has grown over the past 12 months and I am looking forward to getting my teeth stuck in during the next few months.”
Marsh won the domestic one-day cup in his first outing as WA captain last season and revealed an attacking flair in six Sheffield Shields matches in charge. Marsh endorsed Voges as WA's next coach and said he would be an ideal successor to Justin Langer, who replaced Darren Lehmann as national coach.
Voges is understood to be the only candidate and the WACA board is expected to ratify his appointment as early as today.
“He is a great human being and has a wealth of knowledge about the game of cricket,” Marsh said. “He is so well respected in West Australian and Australian cricket and it would be a great starting point if he was appointed coach of WA.”
The imminent release of the Nunes memo detailing government corruption has brought about a delicious and insightful irony. With The Post is still in theaters, our media is fighting against government transparency.
The whole idea behind Steven Spielberg's latest piece of Oscar-bait, The Post, is to use big stars, like Tom Hanks and Meryl Streep, to tell the public that our fearless and heroic media is on our side, will to stand up to the federal government, is only interested in the kind of transparency that exposes wrongdoing and corruption.
And yet, on this very day, if you look around, what you will see is the exact opposite; what you will see is a Nixonian media vehemently opposed to transparency, a corrupt institution fighting tooth-and-nail against the release of a document that will almost certainly expose government wrongdoing and corruption.
Spielberg's well-reviewed film, which is currently in theaters, takes us back to a bygone era when the American media bravely defied the government in order to release the Pentagon Papers. This was a classified 7,000-page document illegally obtained by Daniel Ellsberg that betrayed a lot of ugly secrets about America's involvement in Vietnam under the Kennedy and Johnson administrations, both Democrats.
Although the New York Times was the first to publish, The Post primarily focuses on the far-left Washington Post's stressful battle with the Nixon administration over publication. In the end, though, despite the fallout and consequences, the Washington Post did do the right thing by disseminating this truth to the American people.
Imagine that. Some 45 years ago, this country had a media that actually believed in government transparency and accountability, a media that fought for the people's right to know what our own government was up to…
How times have changed.
The issue in question today, a document that supposedly details wrongdoing and corruption at the highest levels of the Obama administration, the FBI, and Justice Department, has not even been obtained illegally. It has gone through all the legal channels required for public release.
Nevertheless, our media is taking the Nixon position, is bitterly opposed to transparency, is actively lobbying against its release. People who want us to believe they are journalists, who sell themselves as reporters, are siding with the federal government to keep this information hidden from the public.
A couple of notable examples…
Jake Tapper opened his floundering CNN program Thursday, not by hailing government transparency, not with a journalist's excitement over this long overdue peek behind the FISA curtain, but by siding with and enabling those government institutions engaged in the cover up — by spewing their talking points as fact:
The memo, as you know, has been assailed by House Democrats as a partisan memo. The FBI director, Christopher Wray, a Republican appointed by President Trump after the president fired the last FBI director, Wray has taken the unusual step of making it known publicly that he, too, does not want this memo released. He calls it misleading. Today, CNN found out White House officials are now worried that FBI Director Wray could quit if the memo is released against his recommendation. What we don't know is whether that even matters to President Trump. Sources also telling CNN today the president has told his friends that he sees this memo drafted by Republican Congressman Devin Nunes and his Republican committee staff as a way to undermine and discredit the Russia investigation, giving himself cover and ignoring, as we have noted, the objections of two of the nation's top law enforcement officials, not just FBI Director Christopher Wray, but also Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
Here is Chuck Todd's Wednesday meltdown, which included the word “traitor”:
And it`s not normal for the House Intel Committee to vote to make classified information public. It`s also not normal for the FBI and DOJ to then be excluded from the declassification process. And it`s really not
normal for the public to see the kind of material we believe is in the memo. When Edward Snowden leaked similar documents, many people in government called him a traitor. And he, of course, has been on the run from the U.S. government ever since. That`s how highly sensitive many people believe these – the sources and methods are to this memo – that was used to make
this memo.
Do Tapper and Todd sound like journalists, or do they sound like stooges in the employ of a government institution desperate to cover up its own wrongdoing?
In service to the federal government, even The Post's own Washington Post is pre-emptively tarnishing a document it has not yet seen:
Mr. Nunes, a longtime Trump ally, is pushing to disseminate his version as the president's ire about the Russia investigation crests and speculation swirls about his desire to fire senior law enforcement officials, including special counsel Robert S. Mueller III and Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein. CNN reported Thursday that Mr. Trump believes the Nunes memo “could discredit the agency” by exposing “bias within the FBI's top ranks.”
And this is just the tip of the iceberg. Click around online and your cable dial and what you will see is a national media experiencing a full-blown freakout over the very idea of government transparency. The media is now a legion of Richard Nixons — grasping, bitter, paranoid partisans…
So maybe we should start a fund — “To Send a Journalist to See The Post Fund” in the hopes of dropping the scales from their provincial eyes, to remind these hacks that their job is not to guard the government's castle, but to tell us what is going on inside, even if it is inconvenient to their white-hot Russian conspiracy theories.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow his Facebook Page here.
(Repeats items first published on Wednesday with no changes to text)
* India BJP government takes tougher line on cattle slaughter
* Muslim minority fears for livelihoods in shoemaking centre
* $16 billion-plus meat and leather supply chain affected
* Hindu nationalist state government clamps down on abattoirs
* Chief minister defends move; says illegal business must end
By Tommy Wilkes and Mayank Bhardwaj
AGRA, India, June 15 (Reuters) - In the backstreets of Agra's Muslim quarter, where shoes have been made for centuries, small-scale manufacturers are firing workers and families cutting back on spending as a government crackdown on cattle slaughter ripples through the community.
The election of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi of the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) three years ago has emboldened right-wing Hindu groups to push harder for protection of the cow, an animal they consider sacred.
Authorities in India's most populous state, Uttar Pradesh, started closing down unlicensed abattoirs in March, immediately hitting production and sales in the Muslim-dominated meat industry.
Last month Modi's government also banned trading cattle for slaughter, including not just cows, whose killing was already outlawed in most states, but also buffalo, an animal used for meat and leather.
Now the squeeze is spreading to others in the Muslim minority and to lower-caste Hindus who cart cattle, labour in tanneries and make shoes, bags and belts - including for big name brands such as Zara and Clarks.
Frequent attacks by right-wing Hindus against workers they accuse of harming cattle have further rattled the industry.
SOCIAL TENSIONS
Much of India's meat and leather trade takes place in the informal economy, meaning the impact of the closing of illegal abattoirs and ban on trading for slaughter is hard to measure.
But cattle markets are reporting a big slowdown in trade and tanneries a shortage of hides.
Abdul Faheem Qureshi, a representative of India's Muslim Qureshi community of butchers, said in Uttar Pradesh some markets trading 1,000 animals last year were now down to as few as 100.
The decline in production means fewer jobs for two of India's poorest communities, and risks inflaming social tensions at a time when Modi has vowed to boost employment and accelerate economic growth ahead of the next general election in 2019.
Some large leather manufacturers support the Uttar Pradesh state government's move, arguing that allowing only licensed abattoirs to operate will clean the industry's image.
Bigger exporters also say they have enough leather as they source hides widely, including from abroad.
Still, millions work in the meat and leather industries, which are worth more than $16 billion in annual sales.
When Reuters visited the narrow shoemaking lanes of Agra a crowd of Muslims breaking their Ramadan fast gathered, shouting angrily that they were no longer safe to trade buffalo, buy cow leather for shoes or to do work that their community has done for centuries for fear of being attacked by Hindu vigilantes.
"They want to weaken us. They want to snatch our bread," says 66-year-old Mohammad Muqeem, whose workers stitch $3 shoes in his cellar, referring to the closure of slaughterhouses and recent attacks on cattle traders.
Muqeem's monthly income has halved to $300 since last year as leather has become scarce. His dozen casual workers, down from 40, now use mostly synthetic materials.
IMPOSSIBLE TARGET
Like meat, India's leather industry has expanded rapidly in the last decade, providing relatively well-paid factory work and cash for families stitching informally in their homes.
Agra, in Uttar Pradesh, turns out a million pairs of shoes a day for domestic buyers and European labels such as Inditex-owned Zara and Clarks. An estimated 40 percent of the population of the northern Indian city, famed as the home of the Taj Mahal, depends on the industry.
Clarks said in a statement that it does not use leather from Indian-origin cows and that the small amount of buffalo leather it sources from India had not been impacted. Zara and did not respond to requests for comment.
India is one of the world's top five producers of leather, with skins coming from cows that die of natural causes or from the legal slaughter of buffalo.
Modi's government is targeting leather revenues of $27 billion - more than double today's level - by 2020 as part of a job creation push.
But in May, the government decreed that animal markets could only trade cow and buffalo for agricultural purposes such as ploughing and dairy production - a move many in the industry say contradicts its plans to grow leather sales.
India's environment minister said this week the government could amend the rule after a court temporarily stayed the order and there was widespread anger in regions where meat and leather are important to the local culture and economy.
But industry officials said the shock of the ban, coming on the heels of the crackdown on abattoirs and attacks against cattle workers, meant business would not easily recover.
Companies say the government's leather target would be impossible to meet unless the restrictions are reversed.
"There is a lot of panic in the industry after the latest order, which has come as the biggest blow," Puran Dawar, chairman of Agra-based exporter Dawar Footwear Industries, said as hundreds of workers moulded shoes on the factory floor, referring to the ban on cattle traded for slaughter.
"There are grave concerns about the supply of leather, exports of shoes and overall employment."
India's commerce ministry did not respond to requests for comment.
In Uttar Pradesh, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, a controversial Hindu priest, had made closing unlicensed slaughter houses a priority after Modi appointed him in March.
About 30 percent of hides, mostly from buffaloes, that supply tanneries in the state are from unlicensed abattoirs.
Sitting in his one-room shop in Agra's leather market, Mohammad Hashim, a burly leather dealer in his sixties, said business was down 40 percent in the last three months.
The recent scarcity of hides had hurt Hindus as much as Muslims, he said, pointing to the quiet streets outside and a Hindu man struggling to sell puffed rice snacks from his cart.
Modi's election in 2014 and a resurgence in right-wing Hindu activism have increased concerns among Muslims that their livelihoods are under attack. As a minority making up 14 percent of India's 1.3 billion people, they are generally poorer and less literate than majority Hindus.
When worshippers finishing evening prayers at the Mughal-era mosque in the shoemaking quarter of Agra are asked whether the chief minister handpicked by Modi is to blame, one of the Imams thunders: "Modi is to blame. He is targeting Muslims."
In an interview with Reuters, Chief Minister Adityanath rejected accusations the BJP had targeted any specific group.
"Illegal slaughterhouses operated across the state and many big and small leather traders were buying raw material at cheapest rates from unlicensed slaughterhouses to maximise profits," he said in Lucknow, the state capital.
WIDER INDUSTRY HIT
In the industrial city of Kanpur, 250 km (155 miles) east of Agra, tanneries processing buffalo skins are reporting job losses as the availability of hides dries up.
Nayyar Jamal, general secretary of Kanpur's Small Tanners' Association, reckons as many as 400,000 employees in Kanpur's leather and related industries are temporarily jobless, including some laid off because of environmental curbs on tannery pollution. Supplies of local hides have dropped by 20 to 30 percent.
Qureshi, from the butchers' organisation, estimates that 3.5 million employees in Uttar Pradesh alone have been directly hit.
"More than the economic loss, the government has injected fear," said Chandra Bhan Prasad, a writer and businessman from the Dalit community, as those at the bottom of Hinduism's social hierarchy once called "untouchables" are known. Dalits and Muslims often work in trades that higher-caste Hindus traditionally consider beneath them.
Tannery owner Mohammad Ikram said he was only able to procure 4,000 hides a month - down from 25,000 - because even truckers transporting legally obtained cow or buffalo hides fear attacks from vigilantes. He has a month's inventory left, and when that runs out he will have to start shedding staff.
Shahnawaz Qureshi, a wage labourer stuffing synthetic shoes into plastic bags in Muqeem's cellar in Agra, lost his last job after his employer could no longer afford leather.
He now earns 3,000 rupees - or $47 - a month, down from 4,500 in his previous job, and together with his father's income supports three sisters and his mother.
"I decided to sign up for this job despite the fact that I earn reasonably less here," he said. ($1 = 64.2400 Indian rupees) (Additional reporting by Rupam Jain in LUCKNOW, Sonya Dowsett in MADRID; Editing by Douglas Busvine and Alex Richardson)
LOS ALAMOS, N.M., Aug. 15, 2017- - Researchers using Los Alamos' unique neutron-imaging and high-energy X-ray capabilities have exposed the inner structures of the fossil skull of a 74-million-year-old tyrannosauroid dinosaur nicknamed the Bisti Beast in the highest-resolution scan of tyrannosaur skull ever done. The results add a new piece to the puzzle of how these bone-crushing top predators evolved over millions of years.
"Normally, we look at a variety of thick, dense objects at Los Alamos for defense programs, but the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science was interested in imaging a very large fossil to learn about what's inside," said Ron Nelson, of the Laboratory's Physics Division. Nelson was part of a team that included staff from Los Alamos National Laboratory, the museum, the University of New Mexico and the University of Edinburgh. "It turns out that high energy neutrons are an interesting and unique way to image something of this size."
Watch a video on the team's research here.
The results helped the team determine the skull's sinus and cranial structure. Initial viewing of the computed tomography (CT) slices showed preservation of un-erupted teeth, the brain cavity, internal structure in some bones, sinus cavities, pathways of some nerves and blood vessels, and other anatomical structures. These imaging techniques have revolutionized the study of paleontology over the past decade, allowing paleontologists to gain essential insights into the anatomy, development and preservation of important specimens. Team members will present their findings on the fossil, Bistahieversor sealeyi, August 23 at the annual Society of Vertebrate Paleontology meeting in Calgary, Alberta.
To peer inside the 40-inch skull, which was found in 1996 in the Bisti/De-Na-Zin Wilderness Area near Farmington, N.M. the Los Alamos team combined neutron and X-ray CT to extract anatomical information not accessible otherwise and without the risk of damaging the irreplaceable fossil. Los Alamos is one of a few places in the world that can perform both methods on samples ranging from the very small to the very large scale.
The thickness of the skull required higher energy X-rays than those typically available to adequately penetrate the fossil. The Lab's microtron electron accelerator produced sufficiently high-energy X-rays.
To provide an alternate view inside the skull, the team also used a newly developed, high-energy neutron imaging technique with neutrons produced by the proton accelerator at the Los Alamos Neutron Science Center (LANSCE). The neutrons interact with the nuclei rather than the electrons in the skull, as X-rays do, and thus have different elemental sensitivity. This provides complementary information to that obtained with X-rays.
The team's study illuminates the Bisti Beast's place in the evolutionary tree that culminated in Tyrannosaurus rex.
"The CT scans help us figure out how the different species within the T. rex family related to each other and how they evolved," said Thomas Williamson, Curator of Paleontology at the New Mexico museum. "The Bistahieversor represents the most basal tyrannosaur to have the big-headed, bone-crushing adaptations and almost certainly the small forelimbs. It was living alongside species more closely related to T. rex, the biggest and most derived tyrannosaur of all, which lived about 66 million years ago. Bistahieversor lived almost 10 million years before T. rex, but it also was a surviving member of a lineage that retained many of the primitive features from even farther back closer to when tyrannosaurs underwent their transition to bone-crushing."
The Bisti Beast skull is the largest object to date for which full, high-resolution neutron and X-ray CT scans have been performed at the Laboratory and required innovations both to image the entire skull and to handle the image reconstruction from the resulting large data sets.
This work advances the state of the art in imaging capabilities at the Laboratory and is already proving useful in imaging larger programmatic items related to the Laboratory's national security mission.
###
About the project
This work was funded by Los Alamos National Laboratory capability development funds from the Applied Engineering and Technology division and from National Nuclear Security Administration Science Programs, and through a grant to UNM through the New Mexico Consortium. The team comprised Michelle Espy, Cort Gautier, James Hunter, Adrian Losko, Ron Nelson, and Sven Vogel, of Los Alamos National Laboratory; Tom Williamson, Curator of Paleontology at the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science; Kat Schroeder, of the University of New Mexico and Steve Brusatte, of the School of GeoSciences, University of Edinburgh, Scotland.
About Los Alamos National Laboratory (http://www. lanl. gov )
Los Alamos National Laboratory, a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security, is operated by Los Alamos National Security, LLC, a team composed of Bechtel National, the University of California, BWX Technologies, Inc. and URS Corporation for the Department of Energy's National Nuclear Security Administration.
Los Alamos enhances national security by ensuring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of mass destruction and solving problems related to energy, environment, infrastructure, health and global security concerns.
Atoms and molecules can be made to emit light particles (photons). However, without external intervention this process is inefficient and undirected. If it was possible to influence the process of photon creation fundamentally in terms of efficiency and emission direction, new technical possibilities would be opened up such as tiny, multifunctional light pixels that could be used to build three-dimensional displays or reliable single-photon sources for quantum computers or optical microscopes to map individual molecules.
Nanometre-sized "optical antennas" are a well-known approach. They are capable of sending photons in a specific direction with high efficiency. The idea goes back to Nobel Laureate Richard P. Feynman who envisioned nanoscale antennas during a speech at the California Institute of Technology already in 1959.
Feynman was way ahead of his time, but he triggered a rapid development in nanotechnology which enables building antenna for visible light today. The dimensions and structural details of such antennas can be controlled precisely at a size of around 250 nanometres.
The deficits of existing light antennas
The form of these optical antennas has previously been inspired by established models from radio communication and radio technology. The antennas used there are usually made of specially shaped metal wires and metal rod arrays due to the wavelengths in the centimetre range. It is in fact possible to construct antennas for light waves using metal nanorods to influence the creation and propagation of photons, but the analogy between radio waves and light waves is limited.
While macroscopic radio antennas have a high-frequency generator connected to the antenna via cable, the link at the nanometre scale of a light wave length has to be contactless. But atoms and molecules that act as photon sources do not feature connecting cables to hook them up to an optical antenna.
It is this major difference, combined with a number of other problems that are due to the high frequency of light, that has made it impossible so far to produce and subsequently control photons with optical antennas in a satisfactory manner.
Publication in the journal Physical Review Letters
Physicists from Julius-Maximilians-Universität (JMU) Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany, have now solved this problem and established a set of rules for optimized optical antennas which were published in the prestigious journal Physical Review Letters.
The new rules could help build antennas for light so that both the photons' birth and their subsequent propagation can be controlled precisely, at least theoretically, according to Thorsten Feichtner, a researcher at JMU's Institute of Physics in Professor Bert Hecht's team.
The principle behind the new antennas
"The idea behind this is based on the principle of similarity," the Würzburg physicist explains. "What's new in our research is that the currents of the free electrons in the antenna have to fulfil two similarity conditions at the same time. Firstly, the current pattern in the antenna must be similar to the field lines in the direct vicinity of a light-emitting atom or molecule. Secondly, the current pattern must also match the homogeneous electrical field of a plane wave as best as possible so that each photon can reach a distant receiver."
The novel antennas for light built with the help of these new rules extract far more photons from an emitter than previous antenna types derived from radio technology.
###
Have you ever wanted to build a computer control panel? Make your own robot arm? Well, dreamers, this is for you. Arduino is an open-source electronics prototyping platform based on easy to use, intuitive hardware and software. And you don't need to know a single line of code to start building.
You can use Arduino for anything from sophisticated Internet of Things (IoT) projects to simple weekend project with some kiddos.. Need some inspiration for stuff to build? Check out these five incredible DIY projects (say goodbye, Pinterest board).
1. Create a Fully Functional Computer Control Panel
Move over, Tom Cruise — mostly because you're crazy, but also because we're giving Minority Report a run for its money with this control panel. It's like you could be living in your own sci-fi fantasy (aside from that whole murder prediction stuff). There's a whole host of stuff going on that helps comprise this setup, but the brain behind it all: Arduino. Add a few extra things: USB controllers, some lights, and switches — voila. Your own massive computer panel setup.
2. Build A Robot Arm
Not like a creepy disembodied robot limb, but an actual appendage that will make your life easier. Erase the trauma of the Shoelace Experiment of days past and use Arduino to build a robot arm: you'll learn programming, construction, breadboarding and more. Consider that 6th-grade memory fully eradicated.
3. Add An Ambilight Sensor To Your Monitor
Create an immersive movie experience by adding a little backlight bleed to your LCD display. It's an incredible screening experience you can make by yourself — just add a few friends and some popcorn for a movie night.
4. Build A MIDI Controller
Midi controllers can control different sounds on your computer using physical hardware — and using Arduino, you can make one of your own. So you can control all your computer's beeps, boops, and beats through USB.
5. Build A Tiny Weather Display
Keep track of the weather sans that weird weather guy by making your own tiny weatherboard: not only is it an adorably small display, you can use a board (that runs Arduino) and a small OLED graphic display to show off the current weather, today's highs and tomorrow's weather.
Did we sell you yet? Then get your hands on this Arduino Bootcamp: Learning Through Projects and pack out your weekend schedule with some DIY inspiration. This course includes 15 different projects from scratch, whether it's an Arduino car, an Arduino phone, an online weather station, game projects and much more.
You'll deepen your understanding of the platform through 51 lectures and 9.5 hours of content you can access at any time.
Buy it here for $15, or 85% off the usual price of $100.​
If you buy something through our posts, we may receive a small share of the sale. Please buy a Ferrari. For more of Digg's suggestions on how to spend your money, check out Digg Picks.
By: Bianca Buono
Email: bbuono@abc6.com
Twitter: BBuonoABC6
SCITUATE, R.I. (WLNE) — All is quiet in Scituate Wednesday evening, but that wasn't the case during the early morning.
Local and State Police officers swarmed classrooms after there was a report of a potential shooter.
Police officers in full tactical gear surrounded Scituate High School and Middle School; an alarming site for parents like Susan LaMoureux.
According to an email from the Scituate School Department, students and teachers in the building were ordered to shelter in place around 9:30 a.m.
A rumor was circulating amongst students that there was going to be a school shooting around noon.
Scituate, Coventry, State Police, and SWAT teams swarmed the campus, armed with rifles, searching classrooms and lockers, even questioning some students.
No weapons were found.
After several hours the scene was finally cleared, and students were released one classroom at a time.
Parents were thankful nobody was hurt, but frustrated with the lack of communication.
Just a couple of months ago the same school was put on lockdown for a bomb threat.
Two people were arrested following that incident.
Police do not believe the two incidents are related.
Police say they will have an increased presence at all Scituate Schools until the school year ends next Tuesday.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
TORONTO, April 11, 2017 -- Canada has amongst the highest rates of pediatric inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) in the world, and the number of children under five years old being diagnosed increased by 7.2 per cent every year between 1999 to 2010, according to a new study by researchers at the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences (ICES), Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario (CHEO) Research Institute and the Canadian Gastro-Intestinal Epidemiology Consortium.
"The number of children under five being diagnosed with IBD is alarming because it was almost unheard of 20 years ago, and it is now much more common," says Dr. Eric Benchimol, lead author of the study, scientist at ICES and a pediatric gastroenterologist at the Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario Inflammatory Bowel Disease Centre, in Ottawa.
IBD primarily includes Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, which are lifelong conditions that cause inflammation in the digestive tract, leading to chronic diarrhea, blood in the stool, abdominal pains and weight loss.
The study published today in the American Journal of Gastroenterology, identified children under 16 years of age diagnosed with IBD from 1999 to 2010 from five Canadian provinces (Alberta, Manitoba, Nova Scotia, Ontario, Quebec) , and found that cases among children five and younger have increased 7.2 per cent per year from 1999 and 2010.
Researchers say a change in the bacterial composition of the gut may be to blame for the increase in IBD cases but they don't know what is causing the change. They suspect a combination of environmental risk factors could be to blame, such as early life exposure to antibiotics, diet, or lower levels of vitamin D in Canadians.
"What our research tells us is that we need to focus future research on identification of triggers in young children with IBD, understand the biology behind changes resulting in the disease, and intervene to prevent the occurrence of IBD in this vulnerable age group," adds Benchimol.
The researchers found that the incidence of IBD has stabilized in children over the age of five, but in children under five it continues to rise rapidly.
The researchers estimate that approximately 600 to 650 children are diagnosed with IBD every year in Canada. The study findings indicate that the number of children under 16 years old living with IBD in Canada rose from 29 per 100,000 in 1999 to 46 per 100,000 in 2008, an increase of almost 60 per cent.
Almost 3,000 children under the age of 16 years old are currently living with IBD in Canada.
"Trends in epidemiology of pediatric inflammatory bowel disease in Canada: Distributed network analysis of multiple population-based provincial health administrative databases," was published today in the American Journal of Gastorenterology.
###
Author block: Benchimol EI, Bernstein CN, Bitton A, Carroll MW, Singh H, Otley AR, Vutcovici M, El-Matary W, Nguyen GC, Griffiths AM, Mack DR, Jacobson K, Mojaverian N, Tanyingoh D, Cui Y, Nugent Z, Coulombe J, Targownik LE, Jones JL, Leddin D, Murthy SK, Kaplan GG.
The Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences (ICES) is an independent, non-profit organization that uses population-based health information to produce knowledge on a broad range of health care issues. Our unbiased evidence provides measures of health system performance, a clearer understanding of the shifting health care needs of Ontarians, and a stimulus for discussion of practical solutions to optimize scarce resources. ICES knowledge is highly regarded in Canada and abroad, and is widely used by government, hospitals, planners, and practitioners to make decisions about care delivery and to develop policy. For the latest ICES news, follow us on Twitter: @ICESOntario
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
CITIGROUP Inc. wants to achieve parity between male and female managing directors at its markets business in Asia within three to five years, joining banks worldwide in stepping up efforts to close a long-standing gender gap.
The New York-based bank has a long way to go. Though women make up about half the 60,000 Citigroup workforce across all divisions in Asia-Pacific, the regional markets business currently has a 80:20 split in favor of men at the managing director level, according to Aditi Mahadevan, the unit's head of human resources.
The plan to move to parity within five years “not only makes us more in tune with our clients but also it has been proved to be better for performance,” Mahadevan said. “It leads to better decisions and more balanced thinking.”
Banks around the world are under growing pressure to improve pay and career prospects for women. The initiative in Asia follows Citigroup's pledge earlier this year to measure, publish and take steps to close the gaps between what it pays men and women in three countries and for US minorities. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said last week it aims to have women make up half its workforce in the future, starting with an even split in its class of college graduates by 2021.
“Citi's targets are ambitious,” said Laura Deal Lacey, the executive director of the Milken Institute in Asia. “There aren't a lot of banks willing to make those commitments. One is more likely to reach a goal with clearly defined goals and set timelines.”
As well as promoting and hiring more women into executive roles, Citigroup hopes to achieve the gender equality target by reducing churn among new mothers. In November, it introduced a program in Hong Kong and Singapore for working mothers in the markets division, which offers longer maternity leave, flexible hours and coaching.
HIGH TURNOVER
Mahadevan said turnover among new mothers was about 25% last year. The bank hopes its new initiatives will reduce that rate to less than 10% in three years, she added.
“Post maternity is a challenging period for new parents, and statistics show that this period coincides with high female attrition” in Citigroup's markets operation, said Sue Lee, the bank's Asia Pacific head of corporate equity derivatives and the mother of two young children.
Citigroup currently has about 130 male and female managing directors in the Asia-Pacific markets and securities business, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. Mahadevan declined to comment on the figure.
Citigroup's markets division includes the primary and secondary business in equities and fixed income, as well as sales and client trading across fixed income, commodities and currencies, and equities. Revenue in its Asia-Pacific institutional clients group, to which markets and securities services is one of the largest contributors, reached $7.1 billion in 2017, according to a company filing. — Bloomberg
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The FBI is looking for the suspect in a robbery at a Kansas City, Missouri bank.
According to a release, the robbery occurred at about 2:23 p.m. Monday at the Citizens Bank and Trust at 8405 N. Oak Trafficway. The man allegedly gave a teller a note demanding money and made a verbal demand. He did not display a weapon and no one was hurt.
The suspect is described as a tan, white male, about 35 years old, 6'4" with a medium build. He was wearing a cream-colored hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans.
He fled with an undisclosed amount of cash north on North Oak in a dark gray four-door Mazda with silver hubcaps and silver vent decals on the front passenger quarter panel. No plates were on the vehicle.
Anyone with any information is encouraged to call the TIPS Hotline at 816-474-8477.
A Gulfport church is calling on divine intervention to stop the violence not only across the country but right here on the coast.
Desirae Duncan has the story of how Greater Christian Worship Center is hoping to soon have every one involved in this prayer band.
Stoney Creek Coun. Maria Pearson and some residents in the Frances Avenue area are asking people to avoid disturbing nesting snapping turtles as they make their way to lay their eggs.
"It would be great if people just left them alone unless they are in danger," said resident Joan Sopko.
During this time of year, the turtles are searching for sandy or soft soil to lay their eggs and then return to the turtle pond, located on Frances Avenue, said Sopko.
According to Ontario's Ministry of Natural Resources, snapping turtles have been on the province's "species at risk" list since 2009 and are identified as a "special concern."
Snapping turtles are the largest freshwater turtle in Canada. They have large black, olive or brown shells, which usually has algae attached that helps them blend in with their surroundings. The ministry states the turtles take advantage of man-made structures for nest sites, including sides of roads.
Sopko said if the turtles are in danger of being struck by a vehicle, move them to the side of the road for safety.
Pearson and Sopko said "well-meaning" residents have picked up the female turtles in recycling bins or wagons "and turn them around to go back to the water." In some cases, animal control is called, they said.
"This is not helping them," said Pearson.
Pearson said female turtles travel "well upstream" from Lake Ontario when they are ready to lay their eggs.
Sopko said the eggs hatch and the baby turtles attempt to get back to the turtle pond.
–
NEW DELHI (Sputnik)The launch, which began at 09:28 local time (03:58 GMT) was streamed live by Indian broadcasters. The placement of the satellites into orbit started 17 minutes after the take-off.
Afterward, the mission control center said that the mission had been successful.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated the space agency on the launch.
"This remarkable feat by @isro is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation. India salutes our scientists," Modi wrote on his Twitter.
Indian President Pranab Mukherjee also wrote about the "landmark" achievement, which, according to him, "demonstrated, yet again, India's increasing space capabilities."
Before this launch, Russia held the record for the largest number of simultaneously launched satellites, after placing 37 of them into orbit in 2014.
Earth observation Cartosat-2 satellite was the first to take off. This type of satellite usually serves five years. The rest of the cargo was comprised of nanosatellites, only two of which were Indian. The majority of smaller satellites belong to a US private sector company Planet Labs.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Tuesday marks the one year anniversary of Chiquita making its way back to the Port of Gulfport after a little over a year hiatus.
Gulfport Long Shoreman James Beavers forklifts a batch of Chiquita products at the Port of Gulfport, something he's been doing now for the past year.
"SInce Chiquita returned, we've got more production and all the ships get a lot of cargo coming in and going out," said Beavers.
Back in 2014, the company moved operations to New Orleans, a move that left many workers hurting.
"Chiquita was a quarter of our funds that came into the union, so when they left it took a quarter of our funds." said ILA Vice President, Chris Johnson.
During that year hours were cut and jobs were lost, but now Gulfport Long Shoremen President Darius Johnson says things have made a 180-degree turn.
"People are actually back to work and things have been extremely positive for us as longshoremen since Chiquita has been back," said ILA President Darius Johnson.
The return not only brought back the old jobs but created new ones, too.
"We have crane operators, truck drivers, forklift operators and all of us work together to make this operation work," said Darius.
For Beavers, it means more food on the table for his family.
"Able to buy things that I couldn't buy. With man hours going up, the salary goes up," said Beavers.
Since Chiquita's return, there's been a 31 percent increase in mass cargo transported through the Port of Gulfport.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
ISTANBUL Turkish state-run lender Halkbank's operations and transactions fully comply with national and international regulations, it said in a statement regarding the arrest of its deputy general manager Mehmet Hakan Atilla in the United States.
Atilla was charged on Tuesday with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate sanctions against Iran and conspiring with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is already on trial in a case which has caused tensions between Turkey and the United States.
In a statement released to the Istanbul stock exchange late on Thursday, Halkbank (HALKB.IS) said there was news in some media organs in recent days discrediting the bank and misleading the public and investors regarding his arrest.
"Our Bank's operations and transactions fully comply with national and international regulations all the time. Our Bank takes all measures to protect its shareholders, business partners and depositors' rights," the statement said.
Turkey's foreign and justice ministers on Thursday described the arrest of Atilla as a "political" move. President Tayyip Erdoğan has said he believed U.S. authorities had "ulterior motives" in prosecuting Zarrab, who was arrested in March 2016 in Miami.
Shares of Halkbank, Turkey's fifth-largest listed bank by assets, endured their biggest one-day fall on Wednesday, falling 14 percent after news of the arrest emerged.
Atilla is accused of conspiring with Zarrab to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars of illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other entities in that country.
"Our Bank has not intermediated any transaction in which any prohibited party or person or goods or services have been involved," Halkbank said in the statement, which was also published on the back page of Turkish newspapers on Friday.
It said the U.S. financial system and currency have not been used for such transactions related to trade with the country mentioned in the allegations.
(Writing by Daren Butler)
Related Coverage AAA study identifies top three deadly teenage driving mistakes
DETROIT (AP) — Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
“It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer,” said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
“It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend,” Arnold said.
Related: AAA study identifies top three deadly teenage driving mistakes
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokeswoman Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
— The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
— Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
— Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
— Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
— Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
— Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) — A Connecticut man accused of taking his baby while in DCYF care in Rhode Island and taking her to Florida is now back in the Ocean State.
State Police say they arrested 38-year-old Daniel Campos on Friday and held him without bail.
Campos and his girlfriend Gabriela Paz were arrested earlier this month after they took their three-year-old daughter and fled to Jacksonville, Florida.
The infant was not hurt.
Campos is scheduled to face a judge in Providence Superior Court in April.
©WLNE-TV/ABC6 2018
Russian reporter Arkady Babchenko was pronounced dead by Ukrainian police on Tuesday before appearing at a news conference one day later.
"The Ukranian regime's intelligence service, along with the police, said this hoax was a deliberate thing to try to lure his killers, which they still say have ‘Russia connections,' out into the open," international affairs analyst Mark Sleboda told Radio Sputnik's Loud & Clear on Wednesday.
​"Supposedly, they've arrested one person they say that's involved, who is a Ukrainian citizen," the analyst said.
Evidence, details, and explanations have not been put forth by Ukrainian authorities "of how this elaborate hoax would allow them to expose those who were supposedly plotting his death."
"And no explanation of why, in the hours running up to this [revelation of the hoax], not only did they fake his death, but Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman actually blamed Russia for it, along with the entire Western press corps," Sleboda added.
On Tuesday, The Ukrainian Interior Minister did not lack confidence in pronouncing the journalist's death, even before the police actually arrived at the crime scene-that-never-was.
Ukrainian Interior Ministry board member Anton Gerashchenko confirmed that Babchenko had been shot several times in the back in a stairway and died of those wounds. "The killer was waiting for him on the stairwell at the entrance. When Arkady opened the door to his the apartment, the murderer made several shots in the back of Arkady Babchenko," Gerashchenko said in a Facebook post.
On Wednesday, the head of Ukraine's Security Service, Vasyl Hrytsak,held a news conference in which he unveiled the "murdered" journalist to be alive. In the middle of pointing out that he could offer his apologies to the deceased's family, Hrytsak said "I will not do this. On the contrary, I… invite him to enter the room."
"The fact that Babchenko is alive is the best news… The fact that the propaganda effect was planned in this story is obvious," Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Wednesday.
As a teenager, Rui ran away from home to join a Shaolin Temple, where he learned martial arts from other masters for several years. Now he is a master himself. In the video below, the young monk can be seen performing a series of stunts, such as: holding a powerful drill against his head, without it even breaking his skin; bending an iron rod against a wall with his throat; lying on metal spears while stones are broken against his back and pulling a car while wearing a machete harness.
A A
SPOKANE — Nigel Williams-Goss hears the doubts being voiced about top-ranked Gonzaga and he dismisses them.
The leading scorer for the only undefeated team remaining in Division I firmly believes this year's Bulldogs can make their first trip to the Final Four.
“I want it badly, I want the national championship bad, to kind of put to rest all the naysayers,” Williams-Goss said.
Williams-Goss, a junior in his first season in Spokane after transferring from Washington, has yet to lose in a Gonzaga uniform. The Zags are 26-0 so far and seem unlikely to lose again during the regular season.
However, despite 18 consecutive trips to the NCAA Tournament, Gonzaga has never gotten beyond the Elite Eight. Critics say that's proof the Bulldogs are overrated because they play in the relatively weak West Coast Conference.
Williams-Goss rejects such notions, and sees parallels between him and his team.
“I just feel a lot of times I've been overlooked my entire life and I've had to work for everything I've gotten,” he said. “I feel like the worker's mentality, coming from a small city, small school in Spokane.”
“We both pride ourselves on just being nitty and gritty and putting the work in and letting the results speak for itself,” Williams-Goss said.
The 6-foot-3, 195-pound guard grew up in suburban Portland, but he played his high school basketball at powerhouse Findlay Prep in Henderson, Nev., where he won two national titles.
He played his first two seasons at Washington, where he made the All-Pac-12 Freshman Team and was the team's leading scorer as a sophomore.
But he was unhappy with the direction of the slumping program, and decided to leave. Many assumed he would try for a job in the NBA.
There was much surprise, and some hurt feelings, when he chose to transfer across the state to rival Gonzaga and sit out a year under NCAA rules.
Williams-Goss is also an excellent student who learned Mandarin in the fifth grade and is a regional All-Academic selection. He carries a 3.84 grade-point average in psychology.
But he has been doing some of his best work on the basketball court this year.
Williams-Goss is averaging 15.7 points, 5.8 rebounds and more than four assists per game, part of a balanced attack that has seven players scoring at least eight points per game. He is a finalist for both the Wooden and Naismith awards.
His best performance may have been at BYU on Feb. 2 when he scored 33 points in an 85-75 win. Time and again he scored when BYU was threatening to take the lead.
“The kid's just a winner. He's just a flat-out winner,” coach Mark Few said. “Obviously, this is when you need him, on a big stage in a really, really tough environment when we're hitting a bunch of adversity.”
The Zags have four regular-season games remaining, beginning with Thursday's home game against San Francisco, in their quest to become the first team to go undefeated in the regular season since Kentucky in 2015.
But even if they go 30-0 in the regular season, win the WCC tournament and enter the NCAA Tournament as the top overall seed, some will expect the Zags to make an early exit.
Williams-Goss got an earful of that at Loyola Marymount last Thursday, a 90-60 Gonzaga win.
Loyola Marymount fans reminded the Zags that the 2013 team that reached No. 1 in the AP Top 25 was ousted in the NCAAs in the Round of 32 by Wichita State.
“That's all you hear, even out here (LMU) fans were chanting, ‘Round of 32,”‘ Williams-Goss said. “You've got to get over the hump. I'd love to be part of the group to do it.”
Trade winds are with us for much of the week ahead. They will strengthen to 15-20 mph today and trend stronger by mid-week.
High clouds will filter and block much of the sun today and going forward.
Showers riding in on the trades will fall mainly windward and mauka, with some reaching leeward neighborhoods.
High today in Honolulu will be 79 degrees.
An approaching cold front will shut down the trades late in the week and it could be quite wet.
There could be pre-frontal showers by mid-week and then the front itself could move across the state with heavy showers over the weekend. Computer models are not in agreement, so stay with us for updates on the evolving forecast.
Surf is moderate all around, but a new and large northeast swell could push waves into the warning category by Wednesday.
Waves today will be 4-6 feet north and east, 1-3 feet west and south.
Small Craft Advisory for most Hawaii waters. If you have a boat charter today, check with your captain.
- Dan Cooke
This story may be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
CS Neighborhood Still Concerned About Loophole In Development Regulations
College Station's mayor gives credit to the work of a neighborhood association who had opposed converting two large residential lots into nine smaller lots for stopping a proposal to build high density housing units.
Karl Mooney, on WTAW's The Infomaniacs, was referring to a proposed development across Gilchrist and Williams from College Hills elementary school.
But the president of the College Woodlands Neighborhood Association (CWNA) told the city council at its last meeting the only reason the proposal died was because one of the lot owners decided not to sell.
Suzanne Droleskey of the CWNA asked the council again to close a loophole in College Station's unified development ordinance, or UDO.
Dr. Droleskey told WTAW News “I think one of the critical issues here is that we don't assume that to replant being withdrawn is the end of the story. It's certainly being an important first step, however. We still need the Planning and Zoning Commission and the city council to honor promises they made in the comprehensive plan by clarifying language in the UDO so this misinterpretation cannot happen in any College Station neighborhood. And, we commend the courage of the property owner in withdrawing the replat application, which signals her very clear vision for the property. Hopefully, whomever purchases it will have a plan that better aligns with that vision.”
Due to state law, the council had no comment and took no action following Droleskey's remarks.
Click below for comments from Karl Mooney and Suzanne Droleskey.
The farmland comprises 36.53 Ha (90.27 acres) of productive grade 4.2 pasture and silage ground
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Lochridgehills Farm near Dunlop in East Ayrshire is a livestock and amenity unit with over 90 acres of productive farmland, and offers significant potential for development.The farm is a compact former dairy unit, equipped with a range of modern and traditional buildings which are now utilized for sheep and housing a beef herd.The farmland comprises 36.53 Ha (90.27 acres) of productive grade 4.2 pasture and silage ground. The land is largely down to pasture, some permanent pasture and some areas which have been cut for silage in recent years. There are several small blocks of amenity woodland throughout the holding.The property includes a range of traditional and modern farm buildings. These include several cattle and machinery sheds, a byre, former dairy buildings, a former bothy, calving pens, a workshop, barn, garage and stores.According to Galbraith, who is handling the sale, some of these buildings could be adapted to expand the agricultural business or may offer potential for conversion to other commercial or residential use, subject to the necessary planning consents.Duncan Barrie, a partner with Galbraith said the farm is an "ideal opportunity" for someone to continue running it as a working farm or to consider a further business by diversifying the buildings.“The modern and traditional buildings offer scope for development in a number of ways. The property is situated in a scenic area and is easily accessible to Dunlop, Kilmarnock and Troon. This is a relatively compact landholding which makes it a manageable size for a new owner to run and potentially expand,” Mr Barrie said.In the last 12 months, more than 100 farms and blocks of farmland totalling over 15,000 acres, with a value in excess of £100 million, were marketed by Galbraith in Scotland.Lochridgehills Farm is for sale through Galbraith for offers over £520,000.
The further into summer we go, the more California's winter swells seem like a distant memory. Do you remember? Tons of rain, a few massive days up and down the coast, and more rain. The hills were green with hope instead of the dry brown they are now. Despite the seemingly perpetual winter drizzle and occasional sunny day, Los Angeles still saw some memorable conditions, showcased by South Bay local Matt Pagan's seasonal highlight reel. The latter half's roping barrels will make you want to throw on your booties, crank the heat, and grab your step-up.
© AFP 2017/ Mohammed EYAD FMs of Italy, Japan Agree on Need of Russian Involvement in Syria Settlement
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe did not support US missile strike against the Syrian airbase having taken into account the “Russian factor,” Muneo Suzuki, head of the New Party Daichi, known as Abe's unofficial adviser on relations with Russia, told the Izvestia newspaper.
According to earlier media reports, Abe supported the US determination to put an end to using chemical weapons in Syria.
“Prime Minister Abe believes it is unacceptable to use chemical weapons and supported US determination to find solution of the problem. But I point out that Shinzo Abe, despite some media reports, did not express support for the US military action in Syria during the conversation with [US President] Donald Trump, he did not mention that at all – and so, as I told Mr. [Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor] Morgulov, has taken into account the Russian factor,” Suzuki said.
On April 6, the United States launched 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at the military airfield in Ash Sha'irat. Trump said the strike was a response to the alleged chemical weapon use in the province of Idlib. The Syrian government denied using chemical weapons and regards the US missile strike as violation of the international law.
Speech to Text for Friday Early Forecast
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
"6"-more weeks of winter-like weather "for us"! pennsylvania's the most famous groundhog .. "punxsutawney phil" made the prediction. records dating to 18-87 show "phil" predicting longer winters.. than early springs. [d3]weather-wxwall cold conditions will continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. will continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. will continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. will continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. will continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. "news 10" sporting the color re today! we're teaming-up "with our
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Dating is already a tough task. So, imagine if one of those dating apps taxed you because of your age?
Well, that's basically what Tinder is allegedly doing to their premium users over 30-years-old. The popular dating app charged $19.99 for their premium service but reportedly cut the price in half for users under 30.
Um. Swipe left for ... DEAD WRONG!
Their excuse for the age-based fee bump is that younger users tend to be more budget constrained.
A.K.A... BROKE!
It seems like Tinder is really for the 'tenderonies'?!
But, If you think Tinder isn't showing the 30 and up club any love, you might want check out Match's annual "Singles in America" survey.
One of their stats, says the age-group who gets it boomin' in the bedroom are the baby boomers.
"The age group for women is 66 and the age group for men is 64," explained Jennifer Syers with Match. "You would definitely think its the 20 something and the millennials but it's not!"
Guess this is the perfect time to say: when it comes to love age ain't nothing but a number!
Market Overview:
The global market for spices has witnessed continued demand during the last few years and is estimated to reach 83,468 kilo tons by 2022, at a CAGR of 2.84% from 2016 to 2022. Increase in versatile demand across various food and beverage segments particularly for convenience foods and beverages is likely to drive the global spices market during forecast period 2016 to 2022.
India being a major producer of spices boosts stronger potential for spices supply. Spice exports contribute to nation's gross income considerably in countries like China, India, Africa and the Middle East. Spices are generally sold at premium spices and also in greater demand which can further enhance export revenues in major spice producing countries. Spices farming mechanism starts at grass root level conserving the generative and renewing capacity of the soil, plant nutrition, and soil management, yields nutritious food rich in vitality which has resistance to diseases.
Get Exclusive Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1644
Increasing demand of natural flavoring and coloring agents in food, medicinal properties and health benefits are driving the spices market. There is high demand for spices from regions like Asia Pacific, Middle East and Europe.
Based on spice function, flavor formed an essential function base for spices enabling it to gain maximum share in the year 2016 followed by color. Spices have been majorly used for flavoring or as a garnish since ancient times. The flavor of a spice is derived in part from compounds (volatile oils) from various parts of plants roots, seeds, bark and other plant parts. Based on spice form, whole form and powdered form held a major share in the spices market in the year 2016. Increase in demand for convenience products there is strong potential for powder form growth in the spices market. Crushed/chopped/flakes are emerging as new segment especially for bakery and pizza preparations.
Competitive Analysis:
The major key players in spices market are
McCormick & Co., Inc. (U.S.)
Olam International (Singapore)
Everest Spices (India)
B&G Foods Holdings Corp. (U.S.)
Cerebos Gregg's Limited (New Zealand)
MTR Foods Private Limited (India)
Mahashian Di Hatti Limited (MDH) (India) and
ITC Spices (India)
Get Discount on Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/1644
Regional Analysis:
The global spices market is segmented into North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific along with rest of the world (RoW). Asia-Pacific region is estimated to dominate the market in the year 2016 followed by North America. India, China and Vietnam are major spice producers in the Asia-Pacific region. Presence of various agro-climatic zones and seasons support various spices production in this region. Guatemala and Mexico are major spices market in the North-American region. Strong potential of spices production and consumption favors spices market growth the most among the various regions in the world.
The reports also cover country Level Analysis:
North America
US
Canada
Central America
Guatemala
Mexico
Europe
Spain
Ukraine
Netherlands
Romania
Rest of Europe
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/spices-market-1644
Asia – Pacific
Parliament's home affairs portfolio committee adopted the terms of reference for an inquiry into the naturalisation of members of the Gupta family.
Parliament - Parliament's home affairs portfolio committee on Tuesday "unanimously adopted" the terms of reference for an inquiry into the early naturalisation of members of the notorious Gupta family, who are under investigation by various agencies for corruption in South Africa.
In a statement, the committee said the terms were agreed upon following meetings with various ministers, home affairs department officials following an instruction by the National Assembly for all allegations of state capture to be probed.
The committee said the terms of reference have divided the inquiry into two phases.
"The first phase will entail the committee collecting information from the department and relevant stakeholders. This phase will also include a call to the general public to provide the committee with any information it (the public) might have in relation to the matter under inquiry. This phase is already underway and should be concluded within a short time," the statement said.
"The first phase will determine if there is need for the committee to move to Phase Two, which will entail a session/s where the committee will interview witnesses. Phase One will also determine if there is a need for an evidence leader to take the process forward."
In addition, the committee would also look into foreign employees of Gupta-linked companies to check whether their work permits were granted legally.
Home Affairs Minister Malusi Gigaba in March told journalists that none of the Gupta brothers were South African citizens. The next day the Electoral Commission of SA (IEC) confirmed Atul Gupta was a registered voter, a right only citizen are entitled to.
African News Agency/ANA
From 2002 to 2005, about 800 people in Minnesota and Utah drank more than 1,500 milkshakes, and they got to say they were doing it for science.
These self-sacrificing study subjects are participants of the Genetics of Lipid-lowering Drugs and Diet Network (GOLDN), and this wasn't their first rodeo. Some of them have been put under the microscope for about 25 years now to help researchers better understand cardiovascular risks.
This time they were helping scientists determine how genes influence cholesterol levels after high-fat meals and how genes affect the response to a medication for lowering triglyceride and bad cholesterol.
Ultimately, the team of medical geneticists at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, University of Alabama at Birmingham, the University of Kentucky, and seven other institutions discovered new uncommon gene variants that affect patients' response to the cholesterol drug. The reported their findings in the Journal of Lipid Research.
Chronically high cholesterol results in the gradual deposition of lipids on artery walls, increasing the risk of heart attacks and stroke. This clogging process is known as atherosclerosis. A diet high in fat is just one of several risk factors. Family history strongly affects a person's risk of developing it.
"Triglyceride and cholesterol levels are influenced by what people eat and whether they take drugs to lower fat and cholesterol," said the study's lead author, Xin Geng, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston. "We know, however, that not everyone's triglyceride and cholesterol levels respond the same to diet and drugs. Previous research suggests that these differences in response to diet and drugs may be caused by genetic factors inherited from parents."
While researchers have identified genetic variants that affect lipid responses, the medical geneticists who worked on the milkshake study set out to identify additional variants that have so far escaped detection.
Drinking milkshakes, giving blood
Each GOLDN participant came to the lab with an empty stomach and drank a milkshake concocted from heavy whipping cream, chocolate or strawberry syrup, and crushed ice. More than four-fifths of the calories in the meal came from fat.
The scientists drew their blood before and after the meal and measured high-density lipoprotein (known as "good" cholesterol), low-density lipoprotein (known as "bad" cholesterol) and triglycerides (basically, fat).
They sent the patients home to take fenofibrate, a medication that can lower cholesterol and triglyceride levels, for three weeks. After that treatment, patients returned to the lab for another milkshake and another set of blood draws.
The scientists also sequenced all of the genes and examined the gene expression level in the participants' blood cells.
Novel rare gene variants
"Until recently," said Degui Zhi, senior author from UTHSC at Houston, "it was thought that common genetic variants were the ones that caused variability in people's triglyceride and cholesterol levels."
However, common genetic variants explained less than a quarter of inherited variability in triglyceride levels. "Our hypothesis was that at least some of the 48 percent of unexplained variability could be driven by rare genetic variants, those that occur in less than 5 percent of the population."
Indeed, the researchers found variants of at least three genes that were not very widespread in the study population but did correlate with lipid changes in the people who had them.
"We found that variants in one gene, called SIPA1L2, predicted triglyceride level changes after consuming the milkshake. Variants in another gene, ITGA7, predicted LDL-cholesterol level ("bad" cholesterol) changes after taking the drug. And variants in a third gene, CEP72, predicted triglyceride response when comparing the pre-fenofibrate milkshake experiment to the post-fenofibrate milkshake experiment," said Ryan Irvin, another collaborator from UAB.
The researchers say their findings should spur other scientists to look for additional rare gene variants, including non-protein-coding DNA that fell outside the scope of this study.
They also emphasize that their study population was not diverse. Most of the GOLDN participants are white. Looking for rare variants in other populations may turn up additional important genes.
"Future studies can begin where we left off by trying to uncover exactly how the metabolic pathways and mechanisms these genes are part of interact with dietary fat and fenofibrate to change triglyceride and cholesterol levels," said Donna Arnett, dean of the UK College of Public Health and the GOLDN principal investigator. "Armed with this knowledge, we will be one step closer to finding new ways to prevent and/or treat unhealthy triglyceride and cholesterol levels."
###
The research was sponsored by the National Institutes of Health.
About the Journal of Lipid Research
The Journal of Lipid Research (JLR) is the most-cited journal devoted to lipids in the world. For over 50 years, it has focused on the science of lipids in health and disease. The JLR aims to be on the forefront of the emerging areas of genomics, proteomics, and lipidomics as they relate to lipid metabolism and function. For more information about JLR, visit http://www. jlr. org .
About the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Winter S&C has officially concluded and now it's time to stretch out that new muscle mass, strength and speed added on by players, as they will step into the 2nd cycle of preparation for the 2018 A...
A new app will allow Leaving Certificate students to quickly and easily calculate their points when they receive their exam results and is available now through iTunes for both iPhone and iPad.
NUI Galway has relaunched its iPoints app, addressing the new Common Points Scale, which is now in effect for all Leaving Certificate students.
The NUI Galway iPoints app is available for all iPhone and iPad users on the iTunes store now www.tinyurl.com/ NUIGalwayApp
The app calculates the number of points attained in each subject, in line with the revised Common Points Scale, and indicates the total. The app calculates 25 additional points to be added for Higher Maths if relevant, and allows for Leaving Certificate Vocational Programme (LCVP) scores to be included.
The app also gives students the option to share their results by text message, or through social media channels, such as Facebook and Twitter, if they wish.
Commenting on the app, Stephen O'Dea, Admissions Officer at NUI Galway said: “Unlike the old Leaving Certificate points, the new Common Points Scale is designed to minimise the impact of random points' allocation as fewer individuals will end up with the same score. This has been achieved by using a non-linear scale. The downside of this of course is the points awarded for individual grades are slightly less memorable than before. As it's the first year of operation, many will be unfamiliar with the new scale so the iPoints app will offer Leaving Certificate students an easy way to quickly calculate their total score.”
A man tests an SUV model built in Mexico for Chinese state-owned automaker JAC Motors during its presentation in Mexico City, Mexico March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
Musicians perform during a presentation for an SUV model built in Mexico by Chinese state-owned automaker JAC Motors, in Mexico City, Mexico March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
Xiang Xingchu, JAC General Manager, takes part in the presentation of an SUV model built in Mexico by the Chinese state-owned automaker, in Mexico City, Mexico March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
David Zhang, deputy general manager of JAC Motors, speaks with journalists during the presentation of an SUV model built in Mexico by the Chinese state-owned automaker, in Mexico City, Mexico March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
A JAC Motors logo is pictured during the presentation of an SUV model built in Mexico by the Chinese state-owned automaker, in Mexico City, Mexico March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
Xiang Xingchu, JAC Motors General Manager, delivers a speech during the presentation of an SUV model built in Mexico by the Chinese state-owned automaker, in Mexico City, Mexico March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
Elias Massri, head of Giant Motors Latin America, speaks with JAC Motors Deputy General Manager David Zhang, during the presentation of an SUV model built in Mexico by the Chinese state-owned automaker, in Mexico City, Mexico March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
JAC Motors Deputy General Manager David Zhang, gestures next to Xiang Xingchu, JAC Motors General Manager and Hidalgo Governor Omar Fayad Meneses, during the presentation of an SUV model built in Mexico by the Chinese state-owned automaker, in Mexico City, Mexico March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
Xiang Xingchu, JAC Motors General Manager, shakes hands with Omar Fayad Meneses, Governor of Hidalgo State, during the presentation of an SUV model built in Mexico by the Chinese state-owned automaker, in Mexico City, Mexico March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
MEXICO CITY Mexico's states are turning to Asia and beyond as some U.S. companies put investment plans on hold south of the border following President Donald Trump's calls to bring jobs back home.
A delegation of three Mexican state leaders, headed by the National Confederation of Governors (Conago), traveled to China this week to meet with business leaders and discuss investment opportunities.
"Conago is developing an agenda with China's provinces to build investment projects in our country," Conago tweeted on Wednesday. "China and Conago agree on building bridges for business, not walls."
Fears of a hit to foreign investment ran high when Ford Motor Co (F.N) canceled a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico's central state of San Luis Potosi in January.
Trump, who had railed against U.S. manufacturers investing in Mexico, hailed the decision as a major victory, but Ford put it down to declining demand for small cars.
"We're not going to sit here with our arms crossed. We're going to turn to Asia, like we've been doing. We want the Chinese to come invest in Hidalgo," state Governor Omar Fayad said in an interview. "We want the Japanese to invest here."
Fayad was speaking on the sidelines of an event organized by China's Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group Co Ltd (JAC Motors) (600418.SS) and Mexico's Giant Motors, which presented a new line of passenger vehicles that will be assembled in Mexico.
The Hidalgo government is also reaching out to European, Canadian, South American and Middle Eastern companies, and expects to announce several more investments this year, he said.
Fayad said the Hidalgo investment plans of some U.S. companies, which he declined to name, had recently been suspended indefinitely. "Obviously other countries are seeing this as an opportunity in Mexico," he said.
In February, JAC Motors and Giant Motors, along with distributor Chori Co Ltd (8014.T), said they would invest some $210 million in an existing plant to build SUVs in Hidalgo. [nL1N1FM26F]
"Mexico is a strategic market for JAC," David Zhang, head of international markets for JAC, said on the sidelines of the company's event. "If the products and service are accepted by customers and there is a lot of market demand of course we will increase production capacity."
JAC, which aims to produce 10,000 commercial and passenger vehicles in Mexico over the next three years, will initially concentrate on selling in the local market, Zhang said.
(Reporting by Anthony Esposito; Editing by Richard Chang)
BEIJING China's Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that Interpol had issued a "red notice" for Guo Wengui, a controversial property tycoon who has made claims of high-level corruption within the ruling Communist Party.
Guo, who is known to have close ties with disgraced former state security vice-minister Ma Jian, has mainly lived in the United States since leaving China two years ago after what he says was a business dispute with relatives of a retired top Communist Party official.
The South China Morning Post first reported that an Interpol "red notice" was issued for Guo at China's request on Tuesday evening, citing unidentified sources.
The newspaper said Guo was suspected of bribing Ma with 60 million yuan (£6.79 million). Ma, who worked in counter-espionage, is being prosecuted for graft and was expelled from the Communist Party in December.
"What we understand is that Interpol has already issued a 'red notice' for criminal suspect Guo Wengui," foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said at a regular news briefing in Beijing on Wednesday, without elaborating.
A "red notice" is an international alert for a wanted person.
Guo, writing on his Twitter account, said Interpol was an organisation and not a government and had no administrative powers, and that for many years he had had no Chinese identity documents.
"This will only make Wengui fight even more resolutely to the end with these bad people. This is all just the beginning!" he wrote, without elaborating.
In a live television interview with Voice of America's (VoA) Chinese-language service broadcast late Wednesday, Guo denied bribing Ma Jian and made fresh allegations about business empires controlled by the families of Chinese leaders. The claims could not be immediately substantiated.
The Chinese government had pressured VoA, which is funded by the U.S. government but run independently, to cancel the interview ahead of time, with the Foreign Ministry summoning one of the broadcaster's Beijing-based correspondents on Monday, sources with knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
At Thursday's news briefing, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang declined to comment on whether the Chinese government had demanded that VoA cancel the interview or summoned its reporters to complain about the interview.
"VoA can come and ask this question themselves," Lu said.
He also declined to specify the crimes Guo is wanted for.
While the broadcast aired as planned, it ended well short of the scheduled three hours advertised beforehand. About 80 minutes in, a VoA host abruptly said they needed to end the broadcast due to "certain reasons".
A VoA spokeswoman said the original plan was always to keep the live stream to one hour and attributed the abrupt end to "miscommunication".
"In a miscommunication, the stream was allowed to continue beyond the first hour," a Voice of America spokeswoman, Bridget Serchak, said in an emailed statement. "When this was noticed, the feed was terminated. We will release content from these interviews and will continue to report on corruption issues."
Chinese President Xi Jinping sees extravagance and corruption as an existential threat to the Communist Party. In the latest effort to tackle graft, state media said late on Wednesday that the China has issued stricter regulations requiring officials to report personal information, including assets, to the party.
Responding by email to questions regarding Guo, Interpol said it did not comment on specific cases without the approval of the country sharing information on investigations and fugitives.
China's Ministry of Public Security did not respond to requests for comment.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard and Philip Wen; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
by Eric Zuesse
On April 22nd, an anonymous U.S. “Senior Administration Official” told a press conference in Toronto, that the only possible circumstance under which the U.S. Government will agree to pay anything for the harms (bombings of infrastructure etc.) it's doing to Syria, would be if Syria will agree to cede, to U.S. control, a portion of its land:
QUESTION: When you say no reconstruction money for areas that are under Assad's control, there is some reconstruction money that's currently frozen or under question for areas that are not under Assad's control? MODERATOR: That's stabilization, which is different from reconstruction, just to clarify.
“Stabilization” is the solidification of control by the U.S. Government, via its proxies (‘rebels' trained by U.S. and financed by the Sauds) who are fighting to overthrow Syria's Government; and the U.S. won't pay any reconstruction unless it's “stabilizing” that particular part of Syria. If America's 7-year-long effort at regime-change in Syria turns out to be a total failure (grabbing no part of its territory), then the U.S. won't pay even a cent for restoration of Syria from its 7-year-long war to control that country via installing there rulers who will be doing the bidding of the royal Saud family, Saudi Arabia's owners, who have been America's direct agent all along in Syria to ultimately take over its Government.
America's other main ally demanding regime-change in Syria is Israel, which is a Jewish theocracy; and, of course, no predominantly Muslim nation would accept being ruled by Jews of any sort — nor by any Christians. Consequently, the U.S. has been using the fundamentalist Sunni owners of Saudi Arabia — the Saud family (the world's richest family) — as its agent to fund Syria's ‘rebels', and to select which of the ‘rebels' constitute, at the U.N.-sponsored peace talks for Syria, the ‘opposition' who are negotiating against Syria's elected Government to rule the country.
The other participants, along with the Sauds who own Saudi Arabia, are the Thanis who own Qatar, and the six royal families who own United Arab Emirates — all likewise being fundamentalist Sunnis. Syria's Government is committedly secularist and opposed to Sharia (Islamic) law. By installing a Sunni Sharia law government, the Sauds would take effective control over Syria — the U.S. would conquer that land.
On March 16th, the Washington Post bannered “Trump wants to get the U.S. out of Syria's war, so he asked the Saudi king for $4 billion” and reported that “In a December phone call with Saudi Arabia's King Salman, President Trump had an idea he thought could hasten a U.S. exit from Syria: Ask the king for $4 billion. By the end of the call, according to U.S. officials, the president believed he had a deal.
The White House wants money from the kingdom and other nations to help rebuild and stabilize the parts of Syria that the U.S. military and its local allies have liberated from the Islamic State.” The U.S., in actual fact, had ignored ISIS in Syria until Russia on 30 September 2015, at Syria's request, started bombing it and other jihadists there. After that, opposing ISIS became America's excuse for its earlier and continuing demand that “Assad must go,” and America's objective then became bombing and totally destroying ISIS's Syrian headquarters in Raqqa so as for America and its allies to gain access to Syria's oil-producing region. The U.S. had never bombed any of ISIS's oil tanker trucks in Syria until it started doing that on 17 November 2015, after Russia had on September 30th begun its bombings in Syria.
Ever since 1949, America's real target in Syria has been to replace Syria's Government, and this goes back long before ISIS even existed, anywhere; and Barack Obama had entered office in 2009 hoping to be the U.S. President who would achieve that decades-long U.S. and Saud and Israel objective. So, for the U.S. Government, Syria is to be conquered, never to be restituted unless and until, and only to the extent that, it is conquered.
On April 16th, the Wall Street Journal headlined “U.S. Seeks Arab Force and Funding for Syria: Under plan, troops would replace American military contingent after ISIS defeat and help secure country's north; proposal faces challenges.” This report said that, “The initiative comes as the administration has asked Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates to contribute billions of dollars to help restore northern Syria. It wants Arab nations to send troops as well, officials said.”
The article closed: “Saudi Arabia and the U.A.E. have helped pay the stipends for the Syrian fighters the U.S. is supporting, American officials say. Administration officials are calculating Arab nations will respond more favorably to a request from Mr. Trump, who already has asked Saudi Arabia to contribute $4 billion to restore former Islamic State-held areas of Syria.”
America's plan also includes taking control over the dams that supply water to the rest of Syria; so, the goal remains strangulation of Syria's Government, even if outright conquest of it remains beyond reach.
On 10 June 2017, a meeting was held in Syria's northeastern city of Qamishli, which borders Turkey, and where Syrian tribal leaders met with America's allies and with U.S. Colonel John Dorrian (shown here holding a press briefing on a different occasion), at which, according to the Turkish newspaper reporting the event, “Representatives agreed on a pipeline route. Radical decisions were made regarding the extraction, processing and marketing of the underground wealth of the Haseke, Raqqah and Deir ez Zor regions, which hold 95 percent of Syrian oil and natural gas' potential.”
However, as of yet, Trump hasn't been able to achieve the type of deal that he is aiming for. On April 18th, that same Turkish newspaper bannered “US to build Arab force in NE Syria as part of new ploy: The US is seeking to amass an Arab force in northeastern Syria comprised of funding and troops from Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the UAE.” So, perhaps there will be a portion of Syria that the U.S. will “stabilize” or even, just maybe, restitute for damages done in the effort to conquer it.
Whitney Webb has provided an excellent comprehensive view on which Syrian assets the U.S. Government is hoping to win.
The reconstruction costs to restore Syria were initially roughly estimated at $250 billion, but Syria's Government now estimates it at around twice that figure.
Future Market Insights (FMI) has published a new market research report on rotomolded containers. The report has been titled “Rotomolded Containers Market: Global Industry Analysis 2012 – 2016 and Opportunity Assessment 2017 – 2027.” The report states that the growing demand from the food and beverages industry is expected to bode well for the growth of the global rotomolded containers market in the coming years. The growing demand from other end-use industries is also expected to boost the demand for rotomolded containers over the course of the forecast period. In order to cater to the growing need of both consumers and end users, manufacturers are focusing on research and development and are also investing heavily in order to stay ahead of the competition. The market is highly fragmented and the competition is also intense, thus compelling players to come up with new techniques pertaining to product differentiation.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-4458
For instance, in July 2016, RPC Group Plc. launched a new innovative pack solution with an injection molded screw lid. Then again, in August 2016, RPC Group Plc. acquired British Polythene Industries. Keeping the competition in mind, other companies such as Pelican Products, Inc., Snyder Industries Inc., Zero Manufacturing Inc., SKB Corporation, Inc., MODRoto, Inc., and Gemstar Manufacturing, among many others are also pulling up their socks. According to the report, the global market for rotomolded containers is expected to witness a CAGR of 4.8% from 2017 to 2027. The market was worth US$ 3,554.7 Mn in 2017 and is expected to rise to a valuation of US$ 5,676.4 Mn by the end of 2027.
High Performance as Against Blow Molded Containers to Aid in Adoption
Rotational molded containers are far more superior in comparison to their blow molded counterparts. Rotational molding has witnessed significant growth in terms of evolution in the past few decades. The key driver of the growing preference for rotational molding is its inexpensive nature. Compared to blow molded containers, the production of rotomolded containers is comparatively cost effective. Employing the blow molding process for manufacturing containers incurs high cost due to the requirement of different chemicals. Hence, many manufacturers have made the switch from the blow molding process as the preferred mode of production to rotational molding.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-4458
Besides, rotational molding enables the production of several parts as a single piece. In contrast, blow molding produces rather weak structures in its molds. Owing to the high demand for sturdy and safe containers, rotational molding is employed as the preferred method, as it makes use of heat instead of pressure unlike the blow molding process. The demand for rotomolded containers is anticipated to be driven mainly by the shifting preferences of consumers.
Moreover, customisation is expected to emerge as a key factor bolstering the growth of the market. Rotational molding is anticipated to witness high growth in adoption as the ideal production process for containers due to several reasons. As opposed to processes such as injection molding, in case of rotational molding, the material is not inoculated or forced to form a particular shape. This gives rise to opportunities for the production of containers in different styles and sizes. Rotational molding also supports a wide range of sizes, with precise surface detail, along with the use of different colours at different stages of the process. This leads to the implementation of aesthetic skills and the option to include the company's logo on the surface of the container, without the risk of the branding peeling off.
Browse Report @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-4458
Extreme Competition from Advanced Technology to Hinder Market Growth
Cutting-edge technology such as 3-D printing has been foreseeing rapid penetration for the purpose of manufacturing complex parts. Although 3-D printing was initially conceptualised to help in the product development process, it has found a myriad of applications, thereby posing a threat to the adoption of rotational molding, injection molding, and blow molding processes.
April 3 Telus Corp
* Telus finalizes deal to expand its wireless business in Manitoba
* Telus Corp - deal is valued at approximated $300 million, and closed on April 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TROY, Ala. — Wesley Person scored 18 points, Jordon Varnado had 17 and Troy defeated rival South Alabama 80-63 on Saturday for the Trojans' first season sweep of the Jaguars since 2009-10.
Varnado added eight rebounds, four assists and three blocks while Person made four 3-pointers. Alex Hicks scored 14 points, B.J. Miller 13 and Kevin Baker had 11 points and 10 rebounds off the bench for his first career double. The Trojans (10-13, 4-6 Sun Belt) made 10 3-pointers.
Trhae Mitchell and Josh Ajayi scored 17 points apiece for South Alabama (11-12, 4-6) with Rodrick Sikes adding 12.
A 9-0 run with seven points from Miller late in the first half gave the Trojans the lead for good. Leading 61-53 with 8:35 remaining in the game, Troy used a 13-2 run to put the game away.
MITCH Larkin is toying with the idea of adding the individual medley to his Commonwealth Games trials program in a bid to maintain the hunger that will fuel his Olympic redemption.
Larkin won the 400m IM at the Queensland titles on Sunday, beating medley specialists including Commonwealth Games representative Jared Gilliland and Olympian Travis Mahoney on his way to collecting gold in 4min 20.45 sec.
FREESTYLE CHAMP: MISSILE RETURNS FIRE AFTER 100M WIN
A dual backstroke world champion, Larkin is enjoying the challenge of the medley and while he may add it to his program for the Games trials on the Gold Coast next February, he will not let it take away his focus from his pet events.
“As for whether I'll swim it at trials and Commonwealth Games, I'm not quite sure yet,” Larkin said.
“I've got that day possibly free (on the program).
“It'd be nice to represent Australia in that event and at a home Commonwealth Games, the more swims you can get, absolutely the better.
“I've kept my mind open and if I'm happy with where things are, I'll swim it at trials and we'll look to see if I can qualify.
“But to solely focus on it, no, I want to get my backstroke back to world-class swimming and I'd love to do that on the Gold Coast.”
Camera Icon Mitch Larkin takes off in the 100m backstroke. Picture: Getty Images
Larkin won the 100m and 200m backstroke double at the 2015 world championships and headed to the Rio Olympics last year as raging gold medal favourite.
While he finished with silver in the 200m, he missed the podium in the 100m and was among several Australian swimmers who failed to convert their trial form into gold medals at the Games — something that has left him hungry for redemption.
After splitting with coach Michael Bohl following the Games, Larkin had a stint in Simon Cusack's sprint-focused program, before settling with Dean Boxall.
The switches meant Larkin has had a difficult year, but he has no regrets.
“The work with Simon was really good, I certainly learnt a lot from that and I don't regret anything I trialled or experimented with and it opened my eyes,” said Larkin, who seems to respond better to the aerobic and endurance focus of Boxall's high-volume program.
“Because I didn't have the best year this year, I'm back to my hungriest.
“I want to be back (at the top) more than ever and it's really allowed me to work on those one per centers in training.
“Not that I was getting complacent but my desire and my search just to make sure all the boxes are ticked again and make sure everything's done properly is ignited again and I think it's a good time in a four-year cycle to be hungry with three years to go.”
Counting was underway for Punjab's Shahkot Assembly seat byelection on Thursday with the ruling Congress candidate leading by over 2,000 votes.
Congress candidate Hardev Singh Ladi Sherowalia was leading over his Shiromani Akali Dal rival Naib Singh Kohar after the first two rounds of counting, an election official said.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) candidate Rattan Singh was trailing fair behind.
The seat fell vacant following the death of sitting Akali Dal legislator Ajit Singh Kohar in February.
Kohar, a former minister, was elected five times from this seat. His son Naib Singh Kohar was fielded by the Akali Dal. There were 12 candidates in the fray this time. A total of 76 per cent voting was reported on May 28. Punjab has a Congress government since March 2017.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- The USS Omaha, the Navy's newest Independence-variant littoral combat ship, was commissioned Saturday afternoon at the Broadway pier in San Diego.
The USS Omaha, the 11th littoral combat ship to enter the fleet and the sixth of the Independence-variant design, was commissioned into the fleet Saturday at 3 pm EST. The Navy streamed the commissioning online at the Navy Live blog.
Former Navy SEAL officer and Medal of Honor recipient Bob Kerrey, who also served in the U.S. Senate and as governor of Nebraska, was keynote speaker for the event.
"At a time when so many Americans are yielding to the siren song of cynicism saying that the system doesn't work, the system did produce this boat," Kerrey said. "And it wasn't easy. There were setbacks, there were skeptics, there were opponents."
Kerrey said "there is a story here that tells us our system of government does work."
"If you're looking for an example - and god knows we need them - that give you confidence in our capacity to govern ourselves, this ship should give you that confidence."
Warren Buffett's daughter, Susie Buffett, who is an Omaha philanthropist and chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., serves as the ship's sponsor.
"I'm lucky enough to have enjoyed a lot of really great days in my life but nothing compares to this," Buffett said, before giving the sailors a message of encouragement.
"As you carry out your duties in the months and years ahead, there will be days and nights aboard this mighty ship when you will find yourself felling lonely but you must always remember you'll never really be alone," Buffett said. "Your fellow sailors will be with you and I commit to you that thousands of us back in Omaha and throughout Nebraska will be with you as well. Through thick and thin, through combat and in peace, whatever may come."
Other guest speakers included San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer, who said "the ship and her crew will be known for their courage, their patriotism and their valor."
"And its because of their willingness to put their lives on the line that we can say that we live in the greatest country in the world," Faulconer said.
Vice Adm. Richard A. Brown said the USS Omaha is tailor-made for the dynamic and congested sea waters and will provide flexible options and unparalleled tactical advantages.
"Omaha's adaptability is like no other in our Navy," Brown said. "The ship's persistent visible presence when deployed will reassure allies and partners that the United States is committed to preventing conflict, detouring aggression but if necessary, will fight and win."
The LCS series of ships is designed to operate close to shore for patrol, interdiction, mine-countermeasures, undersea warfare operations and other missions. The modular design of the ships allows it to be outfitted based on mission requirements.
"Omaha and her sister ships represent an investment in our nation, the result of the partnership between the Department of the Navy and our shipbuilding industry," Secretary of the Navy Richard V. Spencer said in a news release. "American craftsmen in Mississippi, Alabama, around the country have made USS Omaha possible."
"The LCS fills a unique mission for the United States Navy and as these remarkable ships continue to be produced out of our shipyards, they represent an increase in our readiness and lethality," Spencer said.
The LCS-class consists of the Freedom-variant, made by Lockheed Martin, and the Independence-variant, made by Austal USA.
The Navy says contracts for 29 LCS ships have been awarded to date, with 11 already having been delivered to the Navy. Fifteen others are in various stages of construction, and three are in pre-production states.
DARIEN, IL - Aug. 14, 2017 - A new study is the first to link binge-watching in young adults with poorer sleep quality, more fatigue, and increased insomnia. The findings suggest that the mechanism explaining this relationship is increased cognitive alertness resulting from binge-watching.
Results show that more than 80 percent of young adults identified themselves as a binge-watcher, with 20.2 percent of them binge-watching at least a few times a week in the previous month. Those who identified as a binge-watcher reported more fatigue, more symptoms of insomnia, poorer sleep quality and greater alertness prior to going to sleep. Further analysis found that binge-watchers had a 98 percent higher likelihood of having poor sleep quality compared with those who did not consider themselves to be a binge-watcher.
"We found that the more often young people binge-watch, the higher their cognitive pre-sleep arousal," said principal investigator and lead author Liese Exelmans, a doctoral candidate in the School for Mass Communication Research at the University of Leuven in Belgium. "That in turn negatively affected sleep quality, fatigue and insomnia."
Study results are published in the Aug. 15 issue of the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine.
The study involved 423 young adults who were 18 to 25 years old, with an average age of 22 years. Sixty-two percent of participants were women, and 74 percent were students. They completed an online survey assessing regular television viewing, binge-watching, sleep quality, fatigue, insomnia, and pre-sleep alertness. Binge-watching was defined as "watching multiple consecutive episodes of the same television show in one sitting on a screen, be it a television, laptop, computer or tablet." An average binge-watching session lasted 3 hours and 8 minutes, with 52 percent of binge-watchers viewing three to four episodes in one sitting.
"Bingeable shows often have a complex narrative structure that makes viewers become completely immersed into the story," said co-author Jan Van den Bulck, PhD, professor in the Department of Communication Studies at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. "This intense engagement with television content could require a longer period to 'cool down' before going to sleep, thus affecting sleep overall."
According to Exelmans and Van den Bulck, interventions and treatments to reduce alertness before sleep, such as relaxation techniques and mindfulness, could be valuable approaches to target sleep problems associated with binge-watching. Because binge-watching often occurs unintentionally, it also has been suggested that streaming services such as Netflix should enable viewers to pre-select their maximum viewing duration before beginning each viewing session.
###
In May the American Academy of Sleep Medicine released tips to help viewers get healthy sleep by binge-watching responsibly. A new public awareness campaign from the AASM, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other partners in the National Healthy Sleep Awareness Project emphasizes that it is important for children, teens and adults to "Make Time 2 Sleep".
For a copy of the study, "Binge Viewing, Sleep, and the Role of Pre-Sleep Arousal," or to arrange an interview with the study author or an AASM spokesperson, please contact AASM Communications Coordinator Corinne Lederhouse at 630-737-9700, ext. 9366, or clederhouse@aasmnet.org.
Among women planning to conceive after a pregnancy loss, those who had sufficient levels of vitamin D were more likely to become pregnant and have a live birth, compared to women with insufficient levels of the vitamin, according to an analysis by researchers at the National Institutes of Health. This study appears in The Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology.
"Our findings suggest that vitamin D may play a protective role in pregnancy," said the study's principal investigator Sunni L. Mumford, Ph.D., in the Epidemiology Branch of the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD).
The authors note that a few studies have shown that women who have higher levels of vitamin D before undergoing in vitro fertilization have higher pregnancy rates than those with lower levels. However, little research has been done on pregnancy rates and pregnancy loss in women attempting to conceive without assisted reproductive technologies.
The researchers analyzed data collected as part of the Effects of Aspirin in Gestation and Reproduction (EAGeR) trial, which sought to determine if daily low-dose aspirin (81 milligrams) could prevent miscarriage in women with a history of pregnancy loss. Blood levels of vitamin D were tested for roughly 1,200 women before pregnancy and again at the eighth week of pregnancy. Researchers defined a vitamin D level of below 30 nanograms per milliliter as insufficient.
Women who had sufficient preconception vitamin D concentrations were 10 percent more likely to become pregnant and 15 percent more likely to have a live birth, compared to those with insufficient concentrations of the vitamin. Among women who became pregnant, each 10 nanogram per milliliter increase in preconception vitamin D was associated with a 12-percent lower risk of pregnancy loss. Vitamin D levels in the eighth week of pregnancy were not linked to pregnancy loss.
The authors note that the study does not prove cause and effect. Additional studies are needed to determine whether providing vitamin D to women at risk for pregnancy loss could increase their chances for pregnancy and live birth.
###
Reference
Mumford, SL, et al. Association of preconception serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations with livebirth and pregnancy loss: a prospective cohort study. The Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology. http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1016/ S2213-8587
About the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD): NICHD conducts and supports research in the United States and throughout the world on fetal, infant and child development; maternal, child and family health; reproductive biology and population issues; and medical rehabilitation. For more information, visit http://www. nichd. nih. gov .
During its Soviet period, GAZ produced cars that became the classics of the automotive industry.
Today, GAZ is the largest automobile manufacturer in Russia.
From passenger cars to trucks and armored vehicles, see the golden oldies of the Soviet Union in Sputnik's photo gallery.
(Adds Meredith, YPF, Prysmian and Fosun International; updates Western Digital)
April 12 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Wednesday:
** Dutch drinks bottler Refresco said it had rejected a 1.4 billion euro ($1.49 billion) takeover offer from French private equity investor PAI Partners after its board concluded the offer was inadequate.
** European Union regulators cleared U.S. car supplier Lear's takeover of the seats and metals business of Spain's Grupo Antolín-Irausa, saying it would still face sufficient competition.
** ChemChina's $43 billion planned takeover of Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta has received approval from China's Ministry of Commerce, the two companies said. Syngenta said Mexican regulatory conditions for approving the deal will not have a major impact on the business.
** Talks about uniting the rail operations of Germany's Siemens and Canada's Bombardier are being complicated by the desire of both companies to keep control of a merged business, two people close to the matter said on Wednesday.
** Two of the stakeholders in Brazilian hydroelectric dam Santo Antonio have broken off talks with potential Chinese buyer State Power Investment Corp after rejecting the value and terms of its proposal, a newspaper reported.
** Rebel shareholders in Dutch paint maker Akzo Nobel want to oust the company chairman after Akzo refused to engage in takeover talks with U.S. rival PPG Industries .
** Western Digital Corp has warned Toshiba Corp that the Japanese firm is violating a joint venture contract in plans to sell to its chip unit and urged that it be given exclusive negotiating rights.
** U.S. pipeline operator NuStar Energy LP said on Tuesday it would buy privately held Navigator Energy Services LLC for about $1.48 billion, as it seeks to expand into the Permian basin.
** British American Tobacco (BAT) said it had agreed with Bulgarian cigarette maker Bulgartabac to acquire some of its leading cigarette brands in a deal worth more than 100 million euros ($106 million).
** U.S. media group Meredith Corp has made a preliminary acquisition offer to Time Inc that fell short of the price expectations of the publisher of Sports Illustrated and Fortune magazines, according to people familiar with the matter.
** Argentina's state-run oil company YPF SA and Schlumberger AG, the world's top oil services provider, have reached a deal to invest $390 million in the Vaca Muerta shale field in Patagonia, YPF said.
** Italy's Prysmian, the world's largest cable maker, is discussing potential acquisitions but does not want to overpay and offers it has submitted so far have been rejected, Chief Executive Valerio Battista said.
** China's Fosun International Ltd plans to sign an agreement to buy a stake in Russia's largest gold producer Polyus, Interfax news agency quoted Russian First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov as saying. ($1 = 0.9383 euros) (Compiled by Komal Khettry and Divya Grover in Bengaluru)
Soldiers often need to see through smoke, fog, dust or any other airborne obscurant and detect the presence of toxins or other chemicals in the field or on the front lines. To identify those chemicals, they use infrared (IR) sensors and spectroscopy, which allow a specific color of light to shine at a particular frequency corresponding to each chemical. Identifying each chemical will require a soldier to coat the goggle with a unique filter, enabling the chemical signature to come through at a specific frequency (i.e., a specific color).
Researchers at the University of Illinois, however, have successfully developed a tunable infrared filter made from graphene, which would allow a solider to change the frequency of a filter simply by controlled mechanical deformation of the filter (i.e., graphene origami), and not by replacing the substance on the goggles used to filter a particular spectrum of colors.
The research is funded by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, which is interested in sensors that are not only sensitive to different IR wavelengths, but also mechanically controllable and tunable. The results are published in a paper titled "Mechanically Reconfigurable Architectured Graphene for Tunable Plasmonic Resonances" in Light: Science & Applications.
This application is another in a series of discoveries of "wonder material" graphene by SungWoo Nam, an Assistant Professor of Mechanical Science and Engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
"Typically when you place graphene on a substrate, it is extremely transparent and absorbs only about three percent of light," Nam noted. "At certain angles, you can see it. We use this versatility to make other structures like flexible and transparent sensors out of graphene."
Because it's one-atom thin, graphene is normally used while flat. Nam's research team asked a question: what would happen if through origami (paper-folding art), you wrinkled the graphene? Could you change the properties of graphene by altering its topography?
According to Nam, scientists haven't tried this idea before with other conventional materials because they are brittle and not able to be bent without breaking. What's unique about graphene is that it is not only thin, but it is resilient, meaning it doesn't break easily when it is bent.
"Let's say we create graphene wrinkles by mechanical deformation," Nam said. "If you get a certain dimension, is there going be any changes in the way the light is going to be absorbed by the graphene? We wanted to link the dimensions of the wrinkled graphene to its optical absorption."
Nam's team discovered that indeed, wrinkled graphene absorbs light differently depending on the structure and dimensions through plasmonic resonances, thus producing different colors. In addition, unlike paper, which can't easily be flattened after folding or crumpling, graphene can be re-stretched to become flat and wrinkle free again. Not only that but the amount of light absorption can be altered by a factor of approximately 10.
"By changing the shape, you can absorb the light of a different frequency by controlling plasmonic resonance conditions," Pilgyu Kang, the first author of the paper and now an Assistant Professor at Mechanical Engineering Department at George Mason University, stated. "And by mechanically controlling the height and wavelength of the graphene wrinkles, I can excite different surface plasmons and thus absorb different frequency. At the end of the day, you get a tunable filter."
By choosing graphene as a filter for infrared goggles, the user can turn a knob to mechanically stretch and compress the graphene. That allows for a change of the light wavelength being absorbed. So as an example of its application, a solider can thus easily tune the graphene filter to a desired wavelength to match the type of chemical he/she is looking for.
"In a conventional filter, once you make the filter, you are done," Nam concluded. "No matter the size, there is one unique light wavelength. With graphene, depending on how much you stretch and release, you can communicate in different light wavelengths."
###
This work is based on an international collaboration with Dr. Kyoung-Ho Kim and Professor Hong-Gyu Park at Korea University, and is supported by the AFOSR and National Science Foundation.
PARRAMATTA is desperate for answers after a horror two rounds to start a season that promises so much for the proud blue and gold club.
The Eels shot themselves in the foot by blowing a 14-point lead against Penrith in round one, and then were blasted off the park by Manly to lose 54-0 in a result that shocked the NRL on Sunday.
It's left them wallowing on the bottom of the competition ladder with a shocking for-and-against differential of -64.
Parramatta has conceded a diabolical 78 points in two games of football. The next worst is Canterbury with 66 points conceded, and the next worst points differential is the Bulldogs on -36.
Now it's up to Brad Arthur to drag his team out of the giant hole they've dug.
And NRL 360 co-host Paul Kent thinks he might have the answer.
Kent recalled a tale from Manly great Max Krilich, which details a brutal training drill designed by legendary coach Frank Stanton.
“We had Max Krilich yesterday on Triple M and he said that turned up one day to play South Sydney and they got beaten, South Sydney beat them 21-13,” Kent told NRL 360 on Monday.
LIVE stream every 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership game on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
“So Frank Stanton turned up, put four witches hats on the four corners of the field, and said ‘boys, you let them score 21 points, there are 21 laps you have to do'.
“He just punished them for losing the game, and (Krilich) said they just learned their lesson.
“They turned up the next week and didn't lose for the rest of the season.”
If Arthur does adopt a similar drill the Eels will be running 54 laps following Sunday's shocking loss.
But Kent doubts Arthur will be allowed to crack the whip that hard.
He says in the modern age, club doctors and medicos would not allow the players to deviate so much from their set training programs.
“You said it's going to be a tough week for Parra at training but I don't know if it is anymore,” Kent said.
“Because there's all this science that's involved in their preparation and the rest of it.
“But with all this sports science nowadays it's very difficult.
“They are professional athletes. They have one job to do all week, which is turn up to play at 4pm on Sunday afternoon, and they failed.”
Former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli told CNN political commentator and former Bernie Sanders press secretary Symone Sanders to “shut up” during a heated debate Monday, at one point asking CNN host Chris Cuomo: “How do you make them stop talking when they keep interrupting you?”
Cuccinnelli's remark came during a discussion of the white supremacist protest in Charlottesville, Virginia Saturday of the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a public park.
Sanders had argued that the problem of white supremacist politics in America extended far beyond the torch-bearers in Charlottesville, all the way up to the White House. In addition to investigating a terrorist attack against counter-protesters, Sanders said, “I would propose that Steve Bannon and [Sebastian] Gorka also need to be looked at, and the President might need to make some changes with his staff.”
Cuccinelli eventually responded: “Some of the aspersions cast on people like Steve Bannon are really outrageous.”
Sanders pointed out that Bannon, President Donald Trump's chief strategist, had called Breitbart News “the platform for the alt-right” while he was running the conservative news website. And White House counterterrorism adviser Sebastian Gorka, Sanders said, had argued earlier in the week that supremacists weren't “the problem.”
Cuccinelli also argued that the statue of Lee wasn't itself a motivation for the protest.
“My point of disagreement is that, that was an excuse to bring these groups together,” he said, referring to the statue of Lee. “The local blogger who got the permit to protest the removal of the Robert E. Lee statue then blew this up. That was an excuse.
“And now someone's dead,” Sanders interjected.
“Can I finish, Simone?” Cuccinelli said. “Can you just shut up for a minute and let me finish?”
“Pardon me, sir. You don't get to tell me to shut up on national television,” Sanders responded.
The discussion came to a halt. Cuomo warned Cuccinelli and apologized to Sanders.
But the conservative former attorney general added later: “How do you make them stop talking when they keep interrupting you?”
“Them? They? I'm sitting right here,” Sanders responded.
She followed up on social media:
Everyday I get up to fight for the human dignity of marginalized people on int'l television. Only to be told to shut up. That is supremacy. — Symone D. Sanders (@SymoneDSanders) August 14, 2017
Hey @KenCuccinelli, I'm still trying to figure out who is the "they" and "them" you were referring to? #WontShutUp — Symone D. Sanders (@SymoneDSanders) August 14, 2017
Watch below via CNN:
© REUTERS/ Steve Nesius Ten Deadliest Shootings That Have Shaken America in Recent History
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — In 2011 and 2012, Marquez and Farook plotted to attack Riverside City College and commuter traffic on the 91 Freeway, but failed to execute these plans, the Justice Department explained.
Marquez, who has previously denied his connections with Farook, admitted to making a false statement as part of his straw purchases of the high-powered rifles, which were eventually used in the deadly shooting in San Bernardino.
"With this plea, Enrique Marquez Jr. will be held accountable for his role in plotting terrorist attacks on American soil with Sayed Rizwan Farook in 2011 and 2012, attacks which were, fortunately, not carried out," the release stated on Tuesday.
Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik attacked San Bernardino County Department of Public Health training event and holiday party, of about 80 employees, in a rented banquet room. 14 people were killed and 22 were seriously injured.
According to the release, Marquez remained in jail since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in the case in December 2015, and now faces a statutory maximum sentence of 25 years in US federal prison.
It was Saint Patrick's Day this past weekend, and people do all sorts of strange things on this holiday. We sent Jose Bolanos to ask the question “Whatcha Doin on Saint Patrick's Day?”
April 24 (UPI) -- A diner at a Greek restaurant in Baltimore captured video of the moment a flaming cheese dish triggered the eatery's sprinklers.
James Hughes, who posted the footage to YouTube, said he and a large group of colleagues from digital media company Oath were at Cava Mezze last week when they ordered the saganaki, a cheese dish that is commonly ignited at a diner's table.
The group ended up ordering several of the dishes, and Hughes' video shows servers igniting four cheeses at once, immediately causing the ceiling sprinklers to spray fire retardant.
"When the sprinklers initially went off, we couldn't stop laughing. It was just so shocking, and we were having such a great time all night that we couldn't help but laugh," Hughes told the Baltimore Sun. "The staff treated us amazing all night, very attentive, and made for a memorable night, even without the sprinkler fire."
Ted Xenohristos, who founded multiple Cava Mezze locations in Baltimore and the Washington, D.C., area, said saganaki is one of the eatery's most popular dishes, but the incident last Tuesday was the first time the sprinklers activated.
"We've always preached safety first with that dish," he said.
Xenohristos said damage from the sprinklers was minimal and the viral video has actually been good for business.
"We've gotten people coming in and asking for it, they're bringing it up, they're talking about it," Xenohristos said.
When Senator Thad Cochran exits the Senate next month, he'll leave behind almost four decades of service to Mississippi.
AmD with AutoAid/RCIB Insurance Racing have announced on social media that they are to replace their driver Tom Boardman for the remainder of the 2018 Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship season.
The MG6 GT driver had only scored two points finishes so far this year with the best result of fourth in the topsy-turvy second race at Brands Hatch. With team-mate Rory Butcher consistently scoring, the decision has been taken by the team to replace Tom from the Snetterton round onwards.
In an AmD Tuning Facebook post where this decision was announced, Team Principal Shaun Hollamby gave a reason why the partnership isn't to continue.
“It is always a difficult decision to make changes to any of our team personnel but the long term aims and goals of the team must come first. We will be replacing Tom Boardman for the second half of the BTCC.
“I would like to thank Tom for his efforts this year and wish him luck with his future motorsport.”
Boardman is the second former race winner to be replaced in the BTCC this year. The first being James Nash at BTC Norlin Racing who like Tom was not getting used to the NGTC machinery that came in when they were away from the series.
AmD haven't announced a replacement for the seat alongside Butcher for the remainder of the season. However, they plan to do so ahead of the Snetterton round before the end of this month.
Men's club ice hockey excels this season
The 2016-17 season is almost over for the Saint Joseph's University Men's Club Ice Hockey Team, led by senior captains Edward Markowski and Tyler Garcia both expressed strong satisfaction with how the season has turned out for the Hawks.
Overall, the Hawks won 12 games, 10 of which were played at home, and lost 11, with four at home. Additionally, they ended two home games in a tie.
According to Markowski, the 2016-17 season was his best “by a margin.” The team has not had a winning season for the past three years, but this season, the Hawks had managed to make the playoffs for the first time in six years.
The captains named the game against University of Maryland in Baltimore County (UMBC) on Oct. 30 as the roughest moment of the season, where the Hawks lost 15-2.
“[UMBC is] much better than we are,” Markowski said.
In contrast, major highlights of the season include the Hawks' Jan. 21 game against Seton Hall University and the win against the U.S. Naval Academy on Jan. 28.
While the first period of the game against Seton Hall University ended with St. Joe's down 3-0, the Hawks returned to the ice to win the game 5-4, scoring two goals in the second period and three goals in the third.
Markowski stated that the win was a “really good confidence booster” for the team, who then went on to beat the U.S. Naval Academy and advance to playoffs.
The game against the U.S. Naval Academy resulted in a 4-1 Hawks victory in which they scored three goals in the first period and one goal in the second. Senior goalie Chris D'Alessio also tallied his first shut-out during this game.
“It was a nice change of pace,” D'Alessio said.
As for the other players, the captains named the top scoring forwards of the season as Markowski, who scored 10 power play goals and four game-winning goals with 55 in total, sophomore John Tarantino, who scored four power play goals and two game-winning goals with 37 total points, and junior Ryley Harper, who scored 10 power play goals and three game-winning goals with 42 total points.
“It was fun to go play those games,” said senior captain Tyler Garcia. “Everyone bonded.”
The season's top defensive players were Garcia, who scored two power play goals with 22 points total, and sophomore Andrew Sarre, who scored one power play goal with 14 points total.
D'Alessio, the captains said, is another notable player, having made 504 saves over the course of the season with an 85.1 save percentage.
Team chemistry was especially dynamic this season—since many players were underclassmen, Garcia mentioned. The seniors of the team had to take on the role of mentor, which led to a tight bond and strong friendships both on and off the ice.
“Me, Tyler [Garcia] and Eddie [Markowski] tried to get the freshmen involved early,” D'Alessio said. “We tried to make sure there weren't any cliques or anything like that.”
The captains also felt that because their relationship with Head Coach Hugh Walsh strengthened this season, they were able to work well together and lead the team more effectively than in previous years.
“I hope the program continues to get better each year,” Markowski said.
British Citizens of the Commonwealth have faced neglect due to a ‘hostile environment' policy implemented by the British Government to tackle immigration. We spoke with Dr. William Ackah, lecturer in Community Studies at Birbeck in London, about how much of this is racism, and how much is just poor planning by the government.
Sputnik: What's going on with the Windrush Scandal, does it constitute racism in the British Government?
Dr. William Ackah: The government is just kind of compounding insensitivities by destroying documents and not really fully coming clean on what they've done, in terms of how they have treated this group of people.
I think when you put it into the broader context in terms of the government's whole policy of immigration over a number of years, I think one could quite confidently say that it does have a racialized dynamic to it. When you think about how the Windrush Generation were brought over to Britain to be a labor force, when they're needed as a labor force, they get treated in a certain way, and then when they're no longer perceived to be needed then they get discriminated and treated in very negative ways. I would say that is a very strongly racialized dynamic.
Sputnik: Is a ‘hostile environment' policy an effective way to combat concerns of immigration?
© AP Photo / UK Windrush Scandal: 'Theresa May's Reputation Is On The Line,' Prof. Says Britain needs to review its immigration policies so that they are non-discriminatory. There needs to be a much broader discussion on how Britain has treated its minority population. I have noticed how there has not really been any real sense that they are going to compensate the people for the hardships that they have suffered as a result of this travesty. And then even thinking about it more broadly, in the ‘hostile environment', I would say that that hasn't just been around immigration. In the same sphere, we are looking at the anniversary of the death of Steven Lawrence, which then goes into a much longer history of institutionalized racism, which Britain has never really fully come to terms with or addressed. It is that context which then leads to the disgraceful decisions that you get around immigration. If you didn't have that broader context of institutionalized racism, then these policy failures wouldn't be happening.
Sputnik: Could this case affect the way people view Britain from the outside?
Dr. William Ackah: Going forwards yes, with what's happening with Britain exiting the European Union, this may make other groups think about Britain's immigration policies — that you can't, in a sense, trust the British Government. It might be one policy one day, where they are very welcoming, saying 'come over and our policies will be welcoming and supportive of you'. But then in ten years' time, the political wind changes and you can be treated very unfavorably. So, that could well make people wary. But I'd say that for that generation of Caribbean migrants, and other migrants of color, that wariness has always been there. People came to Britain in good faith, to work and make a contribution to the society, and over a long period of time, were treated with hostility. People had to fight then for their rights to be citizens. Having fought for their rights, having fought racism, having fought discrimination, having made such a contribution to society, then to be told 'you still don't belong'. They are being asked to prove that they are worthy of British citizenship, I think that is quite disgraceful.
The opinions expressed are those of speaker alone and do not necessarily reflect the position of Sputnik News.
The agency said the lack of maintenance had allowed the roads to deteriorate, but to get the percentage down to single digits, it would cost R13.8bn over the next 10 years.
This comes after it was revealed that 48% of the roads have been classified as being in “poor” or “very poor” condition.
Johannesburg - Nearly half of Joburg's roads are in such a bad state of disrepair that the Johannesburg Roads Agency (JRA) will need R1.38 billion per year for the next decade to repair them.
In total, for the maintenance and rehabilitation of 891 bridges, new installations, maintenance and rehabilitation of stormwater infrastructure, rehabilitation and resurfacing of roads and upgrading gravel roads to tar, R19.5bn is needed, with the current capital expenditure allocated being a mere R1.4bn. Picture: Karen Sandison
In total, for the maintenance and rehabilitation of 891 bridges, new installations, maintenance and rehabilitation of stormwater infrastructure, rehabilitation and resurfacing of roads and upgrading gravel roads to tar, R19.5bn is needed, with the current capital expenditure allocated being a mere R1.4bn. Picture: Karen Sandison
However, the budget for the 2016/17 financial year for resurfacing and reconstruction was only R262 million.
The backlog of resurfacing and rehabilitation was R3.8bn and R2.3bn in 2013.
In total, for the maintenance and rehabilitation of 891 bridges, new installations, maintenance and rehabilitation of stormwater infrastructure, rehabilitation and resurfacing of roads and upgrading gravel roads to tar, R19.5bn is needed, with the current capital expenditure allocated being a mere R1.4bn.
Speaking about the state of the roads, JRA managing director Sean Phillips said the cost of construction of a two-lane urban road was between R4.5m to R6m per kilometre, upgrading from gravel to tar cost R4m per km, reconstruction R2.5m per km and resurfacing R1.2m per km.
He explained that every road had a design life -the number of years that it was designed to remain functional with regular maintenance before it required reconstitution - but with good maintenance, roads could often last longer.
“If regular maintenance is not carried out, then its life reduces rapidly. Many roads in Joburg have not been regularly maintained and have therefore passed their reduced design lives.”
Phillips said 21% of roads - or about 2500km - had failed structurally and required construction, and a further 27% - about 3000km - required resurfacing.
Tar roads, he explained, were made up of a number of layers. The structural strength of the road was provided by the lower layers which were usually built out of compacted gravel or crushed rock.
The tar layer at the top had no structural strength, but provided a smooth driving surface and kept water out of the lower structural layers. If water got into these layers, it loosened the crushed rock and the road became weak and started to break up.
Once a road had lost its structural strength, potholes would keep reappearing no matter how well they were repaired, he said.
Regular resurfacing, crack sealing and maintenance of stormwater channels were essential to prevent water from getting into the structural layers, he added.
However, Phillips said there was cause for cautious optimism.
“Management has put a lot of work into developing improved budget motivations to the city, which has indicated that it does intend to give the agency increased funding to address these backlogs with improved revenue.
“In the meantime, the planning department must prioritise the very limited budget across all backlogs by considering risk to life and property, traffic volumes and economic importance.”
At the end of March, City of Joburg mayor Herman Mashaba announced that he would be giving the JRA R88 million from its 2016/2017 adjustment budget allocation to fight what he called “ the scourge that has put the safety of many motorists at risk”.
He said R60 million would be spent on materials and equipment, while the rest would be used to start addressing the 40% staff capacity shortages in the roads maintenance teams.
Mashaba pointed out that pothole repairs were a short-term solution to ensure the safety of the motorists and said resurfacing remained the long-term response to the challenge.
He said the time taken to repair potholes remained a challenge, but the JRA was working on improving its turnaround time for general repairs.
@annacox
The Star
× Missing journalist not found in sunken submarine; builder she was interviewing changes story
DENMARK – There are far more questions than answers in the disappearance of journalist Kim Wall, who hasn't been heard from since she boarded Peter Madsen's now-sunken submarine Thursday night on Denmark's Refshaleoen Island.
The sub has since been raised, and Wall's body wasn't in it. Madsen isn't contesting a court decision to keep him in custody for up to 24 days as Danish police investigate, and while he has been charged with killing Wall by unknown means, his lawyer has denied he had anything to do with her vanishing.
The Local quoted a Sunday news conference with the Copenhagen Police deputy chief inspector, who said Madsen's story has changed, from initially telling officials he dropped Wall off at 10:30pm Thursday night on the island to another unspecified explanation since.
The Guardian reported Madsen said they spent about three hours on his Nautilus sub, the largest privately made one in the world at the time of its 2008 launch; the Swedish journalist, who divides her time between New York and Beijing, was doing a profile on Madsen.
The Local also picked up a report from a Swedish tabloid that cites a witness who said Madsen's sub was seen sailing without its lights on some two hours before Wall's partner reported the vessel as missing around 2:30am Friday.
“There was very nearly a collision” between the sub and a freighter, per the witness. The Washington Post described Wall as accomplished—the London School of Economics and Columbia University grad wrote for the New York Times, Guardian, and Atlantic, among others—and recounts her travels to Pyongyang, Sri Lanka, and the Marshall Islands for stories.
Journalist Kim Wall remains missing: "Denmark should not be considered a dangerous assignment for journalists." https://t.co/GO8bBuK5RP — CPJ (@pressfreedom) August 12, 2017
This article originally appeared on Newser: She Vanished After Boarding His Sub. Now, His Story Changes
More From Newser:
× Woman suspected of trying to abduct babies from hospitals in two states arrested
WILMINGTON, N.C. — Police have arrested a woman believed to have visited neonatal units of hospitals in the Carolinas “possibly in attempts to abduct a child.”
Linda Mae Everett, 36, visited a woman and children's hospital in Wilmington, NC, on April 5th, but was denied entry at a check-in desk where all visitors must present photo identification, reports the News & Observer.
Undeterred, Everett made her way to patient care areas anyway, says a rep for the New Hanover Regional Medical Center. She was reportedly stopped and questioned when she was spotted without a visitor's badge.
While the hospital says there was no attempt to remove an infant, per the Wilmington Star-News, police fear that was Everett's plan. Following warrants for her arrest, she was taken into custody in High Point, some 200 miles from Wilmington, on Tuesday, reports ABC11.
She faces three counts of felony breaking and entering and one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to the April 5th incident.
Police say Everett also faces one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to an incident in Brunswick County. She is out on bond, reports WWAY. (This woman admitted kidnapping a newborn 20 years ago.)
More From Newser
By Meg Warner
An Oceanfront Situation Room?
The United States House's top investigative committee wants an explanation for reports that President Donald Trump discussed classified information over the weekend as he dined on the open-air patio of his Florida resort, surrounded by wealthy club members also enjoying the terrace.
The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), sent a letter to the White House Tuesday asking for details about Trump's Saturday night dinner meeting at Mar-a-Lago with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe, which had been photographed by club patrons who witnessed it unfold.
The patio meal occurred around the same time that North Korea fired a ballistic missile, prompting some guests to speculate that the talk at Trump's table was about the launch.
“While the President is always on duty, and cannot dictate the timing of when he needs to receive sensitive information about urgent matters, we hope the White House will cooperate in providing the Committee with additional information,” Chaffetz said in his letter to White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.
The committee asked the White House to identify documents the president was seen reviewing at the table and detail the security protocols — if there were any — in place, including the ways in which guests at the Palm Beach members-only club are screened. Mar-a-Lago members pay a hefty $200,000 initiation fee as well as annual dues of $14,000.
The White House on Tuesday insisted that the dinner table conversation was about the “logistics” of an upcoming press conference about the nuclear missile — not North Korea's launch itself. Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had been briefed on the launch before the dinner, in a military-grade secure area.
Presidential business as club members watch
News of the dinner table conversation broke after several Mar-a-Lago Club members recounted the situation on social media.
Witnesses said they were on the patio when a “flurry of activity” broke out at Trump's table, where he was dining with Abe and other officials, just after the North Korean missile launch.
Palm Beach Daily News reporter Shannon Donnelly said that she was one of about 100 club members dining on the terrace at the time.
“As staff members and heads of state huddled at the table for 24 [people], printed reports were passed around and examined by the light of cell phones or flashlights. Notes were scribbled. A uniformed service member carrying the battered leather schoolbag moved closer to the table,” she wrote.
Richard DeAgazio, another member, shared photos showing Trump talking on the phone while seated next to Abe.
“HOLY MOLY !! It was fascinating to watch the flurry of activity at dinner when the news came that North Korea had launched a missile in the direction of Japan. … Wow…..the center of the action!!!” he wrote in the now-deleted Facebook post.
Carrying the ‘football'
In a separate Facebook post, DeAgazio posted a photo of himself at Mar-a-Lago with a Trump aide he claimed carried the ‘nuclear football,” a leather bag that contains the nuclear launch codes. The football travels with the president everywhere he goes, so Trump had access to the codes as club members snapped photos during the dinner.
But Trump, of course, isn't the only world leader with access to nuclear power. North Korea boasted about its Saturday launch, calling it a successful test of a new type of missile.
In January, North Korea said it could launch a missile at anytime, and claimed it was forced to ramp up nuclear power due to the U.S.'s hostility toward the Asian nation. While North Korea did not threaten to directly attack the U.S., the comments indicate the ongoing tense relationship between the two countries.
And Trump has returned the hostile tone. On Monday, he vowed to “deal with” the “big, big problem” of North Korea, although he did not elaborate on what that could mean.
During the presidential transaction, Trump said he'd make nuclear power a top priority, and vowed to expand the U.S.'s weapons arsenal. In December, he reportedly encouraged a new arms race, boasting about how the U.S. could ramp up its arms supply.
“We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all,” he said.
April 24 (UPI) -- Theo Walcott decided a generally even matchup by netting the lone score in Everton's 1-0 win against Newcastle.
Walcott scored in the 51st minute in the Premier League scuffle Monday at Goodison Park in Liverpool, England.
The Toffees and the Magpies played an even opening 45 minutes before Walcott changed the narrative early in the second half.
Yannick Bolasie sent in a huge bending cross from the right flank to start the play. The ball landed on Walcott's boot, about five yards from the net.
His touch ricocheted off of a defender and returned to his feet. Walcott took a touch to his right, before striking a shot into the center of the net, beating Newcastle keeper Martin Dubravka.
The goal was just Walcott's third for Everton since joining the squad in January.
"To get the goal -- a much-needed one -- is brilliant for me personally," Walcott said, according to EvertonFC.com. "The gaffer felt he wanted to change it at half-time. From the left, it made sense to come inside onto my stronger foot and give a bit more support to Cenk Tosun."
Everton battles Huddersfield at 10 a.m. Saturday at Kirklees Stadium in Huddersfield, England.
Newcastle hosts West Bromwich Albion at 10 a.m. Saturday at St. James' Park in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
© REUTERS/ Carlos Barria Revenge of Neocons? Who Will Replace Michael Flynn and What It Tells Us
RT cited an array of experts as saying that the resignation of the US President's National Security Adviser Michael Flynn could be caused by the deep differences between members of the American establishment.
On Monday, the White House announced that Michael Flynn had resigned from the post of US President Donald Trump's National Security Adviser and that retired Lieutenant General Keith Kellog had been appointed to take his place.
In his resignation letter, Flynn said that he had not provided the White House with full information about his contacts with Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak.
Flynn's phone communications with Kislyak prior to Trump's inauguration on January 20 have raised questions about whether the adviser broke a law forbidding private US citizens from engaging in diplomatic disputes with foreign nations.
© AP Photo/ Carolyn Kaster National Security Adviser Michael Flynn sits in the front row before the start of the President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe joint new conference in the East Room of the White House, in Washington, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017
Former Pentagon official Michael Maloof said that accusations that Flynn allegedly violated this law hold no water.
"The matter is that we do not know exactly what Flynn discussed with Kislyak during a telephone conversation. They want to accuse Flynn of breaking the so-called Logan Act of 1799, which has never been applied in the judicial practice. This is madness!" Maloof was quoted by RT as saying.
Russian political analyst Viktor Olevich, for his part, told RT that certain members of the American establishment wanted to benefit from the scandal around Flynn.
"The scandal was advantageous to those in the US establishment and the US legislature, who tried to force the Trump Administration to adhere to the foreign policy that is beneficial to the American political establishment, and not to drastically alter the current relations between Washington and Moscow", Olevich told RT.
© AP Photo/ Drew Angerer / GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA 'A Very Severe Blow': Flynn Resignation Could Hurt Trump, US-Russia Ties
He added that "this resignation shows some weakness of the new US Administration" and that "in this case, Trump and his team were not willing to use political leverage to defend their position."
Olevich was echoed by Pavel Podlesny from the Moscow-based Institute for US and Canadian Studies, who said Flynn's resignation is the result of internal conflicts within the new US Administration.
"The Trump Administration includes a whole array of people with different views who have never met before. So there may be some mutual friction and disagreements caused by any plausible pretext," he said.
Podlesny added that the 1799 Logan Act was used in order to drive another wedge between the United States and Russia and complicate the work of the new US Administration.
"Yes, Flynn called the Russian Ambassador in Washington, but these were not formal negotiations. This was a pretext to remove the man who called for the improvement of Washington's relations with Russia," he pointed out.
Michael Maloof, for his part, said that the resignation of Michael Flynn is an unfortunate development, and something that can be called a victory for the Democrats.
"This is a victory of [the US] mainstream media and the Democrats. They dislike the current Administration so they will do their best to prove its unreliability. This is just the beginning," he said.
He recalled that from the very beginning, the US elite wereopposed to Flynn's nomination and the fact that Flynn appeared on RT as a political analyst only added fuel to the fire.
Meanwhile, the US political journalism website Washington Free Beacon has reported that members of the former US Administration allegedly conducted "a secret, months-long campaign" to discredit Michael Flynn.
The Washington Free Beacon referred to "multiple sources in and out of the White House who described… a behind-the-scenes effort by these officials to plant a series of damaging stories about Flynn in the national media."
"The operation primarily focused on discrediting Flynn, an opponent of the Iran nuclear deal, in order to handicap the Trump Administration's efforts to disclose secret details of the nuclear deal with Iran that had been long hidden by the Obama administration," the Washington Free Beacon said.
The website, in particular, quoted one senior White House official as saying that leaks targeting Flynn were "not the result of a series of random events."
The Washington Free Beacon also cited a congressional adviser as saying that "the Obama Administration knew that Flynn was going to release the secret documents around the Iran deal, which would blow up their myth that it was a good deal that rolled back Iran," and that "in December the Obama NSC started going to work with their favorite reporters, selectively leaking damaging and incomplete information about Flynn."
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
A new survey conducted by the Yale University student newspaper revealed that only nine percent of the faculty at the Ivy League university identify as conservative.
According to the report, the faculty of Yale University is overwhelmingly on the left. Nearly 75 percent of the faculty described themselves as “liberal” or “very liberal.” A shockingly low seven percent described themselves as “conservative.” Only two percent of respondents considered themselves “very conservative.”
advertisement
The Yale Daily News asked University President Peter Salovey for his thoughts on the results of the survey. It's “neither a positive nor a negative,” he responded.
“It's in the educational interest of students to be exposed to a diversity of political viewpoints… Having said that, in most fields, the political point of view of a faculty member is not relevant to the substance of their teaching, and so we would need to be very careful about making it a part of the hiring process for faculty,” Salovey explained.
Yet, despite Salovey's desire to brush away the survey's finding, a few members of the Yale faculty expressed their dismay at the findings.
Yale political science professor Steven Smith expressed concern over the survey's findings, explaining that Yale celebrates every type of diversity other than the diversity of ideas. “We talk about diversity in every area of the University except the one that counts, and that's intellectual diversity,” said Smith. “Universities are basically and fundamentally devoted to the study and investigation of ideas. The expression of the full range of ideas is the central aspect of a university's mission.”
Yale computer science professor David Gelernter, who was considered as a potential science advisor to President Trump, said that he was shocked that the results weren't more heavily skewed towards the political left. “Students who leave the academic world run a chance, at least, of discovering new approaches to the world and turning conservative,” he said. “But those who stay within academia tend to keep thinking what they've been taught to think.”
Charlies Hill, a former advisor to President Reagan and an international studies lecturer at Yale, expressed his pessimism over the chance for ideological change. “We've been going along this way for a long time really, decades, and I don't see a likelihood that it's going to change,” said Hill. “There are various sectors in American life and … certain sectors are going to lean more one way than another along a political spectrum.”
BRIEF-Chongqing Taiji Industry Group plans pharma institute and Chinese patent drug JV in Sichuan
* Says it plans to invest 15.3 million yuan to set up a pharma institute and 6.8 million yuan to set up a Chinese patent drug JV with partners
THE police bomb squad is investigating a suspicious device left outside Frankston Magistrates' Court in Fletcher Rd this morning.
Police confirmed the device was found near the court before 8am today.
Bomb response unit officers are on scene investigating.
Fletcher Rd is closed between Evelyn St and Beach St.
The court is next to Frankston Police Station.
More to come.
edward.gardiner@news.com.au
@edjgardiner
PYEONGCHANG (Sputnik) - The International Olympic Committee (IOC) Executive Board has held a session, during which it discussed the pressing issues related to anti-doping, including the decision of the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) to overturn life bans given to over two dozen Russian athletes, a spokesperson for the IOC told Sputnik.
According to the spokesperson, the entire anti-doping agenda was heard, including issues related to Russia.
The Executive Board (EB) is set to continue its sessions later on Saturday and Sunday. Saturday's agenda of the EB meeting includes reports on national Olympic committees, summer and winter international federations, as well as the anti-doping report including on the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), the Independent Testing Authority (ITA) and the commission for the admission of Russian athletes to participate in the Olympic Games.
READ MORE: CAS Decision on Russian Athletes 'Raised Doubts in Testing by IOC' — Professor
On Thursday, the CAS revealed that it had ruled to uphold the appeals of 28 Russian athletes against the IOC Disciplinary Commission's decisions on their disqualification and ban from the Olympics for life over violation of anti-doping rules, and partially upheld the remaining 11 appeals.
The IOC, however, said it regretted the CAS decision, and expressed plans to carefully consider the CAS reasoned decisions once they were available for a possible appeal to the Swiss Federal Tribunal.
The XXIII Olympic Winter Games will take place in Pyeongchang on February 9-25.
ANCHORAGE — Alaska State Troopers have arrested a man suspected in a 2016 shooting death on the Alaska Peninsula.
According to troopers, Ole Shangin, 32, is charged with first- and second-degree murder in the death of Joseph Peterson, who was shot and killed in Ivanof Bay.
An Anchorage court issued an arrest warrant for Shangin on Jan. 25. Troopers in King Salmon on Wednesday traveled to Perryville, found Shangin and arrested him.
He's being held without bail at the Anchorage jail. Online court records do not list his attorney.
Peterson was 31 when he died on July 17, 2016.
Troopers responding to a report of a shooting found Peterson dead at a home in Ivanof Bay, a village about 500 miles southwest of Anchorage.
Only seven people were recorded living there in the 2010 census.
The United Nations braced on Friday for a possible “further exodus” of Muslim Rohingya refugees from Myanmar into Bangladesh six weeks after the world's fastest-developing refugee emergency began, UN humanitarian aid chief said.
Some 515,000 Rohingya have arrived in Bangladesh from Myanmar‘s western state of Rakhine in an unrelenting movement of people that began after Myanmar security forces responded to Rohingya militant attacks with a brutal crackdown.
The United Nations has denounced the Myanmar military offensive as ethnic cleansing but Myanmar insists its forces are fighting “terrorists” who have killed civilians and burnt villages.
Right groups say more than half of more than 400 Rohingya villages in the north of Rakhine state have been torched in a campaign by the security forces and Buddhist vigilantes to drive out Muslims.
Mark Lowcock, UN under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs, reiterated an appeal for access to the population in northern Rakhine, saying the situation was “unacceptable”.
Buddhist-majority Myanmar has blocked most access to the area, although some agencies have offices open in towns there and the International Committee of the Red Cross is helping theMyanmar Red Cross to deliver aid.
“This flow of people of Myanmar hasn't stopped yet. Obviously there's into the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya still in Myanmar, and we want to be ready in case there is a further exodus,” Lowcock told a news briefing in Geneva.
Lowcock said a senior UN official was expected to visit Myanmar in the next few days.
An estimated 2,000 Rohingya are arriving in Bangladesh every day, Joel Millman of the International Organization for Migration, told a separate briefing.
Myanmar officials have said they attempted to reassure groups trying to flee to Bangladesh but could not stop people who were not citizens from leaving.
The official Myanmar News Agency said on Friday “large numbers” of Muslims were preparing to cross the border. It cited their reasons as “livelihood difficulties”, health problems, a “belief” of insecurity and fear of becoming a minority.
RAIN-DRENCHED CAMPS
Aid agencies have warned of a malnutrition crisis with about 281,000 people in Bangladesh in urgent need of food, including 145,000 children under five and more than 50,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women.
Cholera is a risk, amid fears of disease spreading in the rain-drenched camps where aid workers are trying to install sanitation systems, a spokesman for the World Health Organisation said.
About 900,000 doses of cholera vaccine are due to arrive this weekend and a vaccination campaign should start on Tuesday.
UN-led aid bodies have appealed for $434 million over six months to help up to 1.2 million people – including 300,000 Rohingya already in Bangladesh before the latest crisis and 300,000 Bangladeshi villagers in so-called host communities.
The Rohingya are regarded as illegal immigrants in Myanmar and most are stateless.
Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has faced criticism for not doing more to stop the violence, although a military-drafted constitution gives her no power over the security forces.
She has condemned rights abuses and said Myanmar was ready to start a process agreed with Bangladesh in 1993 by which anyone verified as a refugee would be accepted back.
Lowcock said talks between Myanmar and Bangladesh on a repatriation plan were a useful first step.
“But there is clearly a long way to go,” he said.
Both the United States and Britain have warned Myanmar the crisis is putting at risk the progress it has made since the military began to loosen its grip on power.
China, which built close ties with Myanmar while it was under military rule and Western sanctions, has been supportive.
In Washington, US officials said sanctions and the withholding of aid were among the options available to press Myanmar to halt the violence but they had to be careful to avoid worsening the crisis.
“We don't want to take actions that exacerbate their suffering. There is that risk in this complicated environment,” Patrick Murphy, a deputy assistant secretary of state, told a hearing of the US House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee.
Murphy said efforts were under way to identify those responsible for rights violations.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Mary Loper was last seen May 29, 2002 (Photo Source: WLOX)
May 30, 2018 marks 16 years since a George County woman disappeared. Mary Loper was last seen on May 29, 2002, at her home on Clarence Bonnet Road sometime that night.
Her sister Glenda said 27-year-old Loper was reported missing on June 1, two days after her disappearance.
It's a cold case yet investigators are still working every possible lead to figure out what happened to Loper. She has three boys. They were six, four and four months old at the time of their mother's disappearance.
If you have any information about this case, contact Crime Stoppers at 1-877-787-5898.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A central Texas police officer is lucky to be alive after he was shot in the back in what was described as a New Year's Day ambush-style attack. The officer's life was saved by his ballistic vest.
Calvert Police Officer Stephen Magnes, one of seven in the small town of Calvert, was giving a woman a courtesy ride home early in the morning of January 1, according to a police statement obtained by The Eagle newspaper in Bryan-College Station. When he arrived at the destination and got out of his car to let the woman out, he was immediately shot in the back.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The suspect, identified later than 27-year-old Petrick Leshane Jones, fired multiple shots at Officer Magnes–striking the officer one time. Police reports did not indicate if Officer Magnes returned fire. Jones was taken into custody and is reportedly cooperating with police investigators, the local newspaper stated.
Investigators said the ballistic vest likely saved the officer from serious injury or death. The officer was taken to a hospital in nearby Bryan, Texas. He was released after an examination.
Magnes thanked well-wishers on his Facebook page for their words of support and prayers. His father, Robert Magnes, wrote on Facebook that his son was doing well and was resting at home. He said his son was sore and bruised from the attack.
His post stated, “This was not the call we wanted for the New Year. Thankfully God was watching over my son and (he) is alright. He was wearing his vest and the bullet did not penetrate it.”
In a reply to a well-wisher, the senior Magnes wrote, “He said it was like Mike Tyson let loose on him.”
The attack is being investigated by the Robertson County Sheriff's Office and Texas Rangers. No motive for the shooting has been released at this time, but Jones is said to be cooperating with detectives. A local television station, KBTX CBS3, called the attack an “ambush.”
Calvert, Texas, is a town of roughly 1,100 people and is located about 30 miles northwest of Bryan on Highway 6.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — UK Defense Secretary Michael Fallon called on NATO members on Wednesday to increase their defense spending, as well as step up funds on new equipment to strengthen the alliance's capability to combat modern challenges.
"NATO has been a guarantee of mutual security for more than half a century. Britain is now calling for our partners to step up and share burdens on spending and help it become more agile in dealing with new threats including cyber and terrorism," Fallon said following his first meeting with US Defense Secretary James Mattis at the NATO Ministerial, as quoted in the statement published on UK government website.
Fallon pointed out that it was necessary to back up NATO's "operational and exercise commitments with investment in new equipment" to deal with security threats.
Fallon's call on defense budget increase came a day after the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) issued a report, saying that the United Kingdom was not meeting the NATO requirement to spend two percent of GDP on defense. The report also pointed out that only two European states, namely Greece and Estonia, met the requirement, while the United Kingdom was spending about 1.98 percent of GDP due to its economy growing faster in 2016, than its defense spending.
The UK Defense Ministry refuted the IISS report, stressing that NATO statistics "clearly showed" that the country was spending over 2 percent of its GDP on defense. According to the ministry, the UK defense budget was considered to be the second largest in NATO and was steadily growing every year.
The UK Ministry of defence Reasons Why NATO 'Spared No Expense' on Its Promenade With Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov
In January, UK Prime Minister Theresa May promised US President Donald Trump, who repeatedly called for alliance's fair funding and warned of decreasing US support to the bloc, to encourage other European allies to meet the defense spending target.
NATO set a two-percent target of defense spending in 2006. Last year only five out of 28 NATO member-states met the alliance's spending goal — the United States, the United Kingdom, Greece, Estonia and Poland.
I have been writing articles about personal finance since we started MoneyHighStreet.com in 2006. In that time, I have been fortunate to have had a regular broadcasting spot on BBC Radio Essex and have also appeared on BBC Rip Off Britain and ITN. With a family comprising two teenagers, a wife and a bouncy black labrador, getting the finances right is clearly important. It's a privilege to share our tips and experiences to help you manage your money just that bit better.
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, announced Tuesday that Goleta-based Transphorm, a clean technology company using an advanced semiconductor device material to reduce power waste and improve the energy efficiency of a wide range of electrical devices, will receive a $3.64 million federal awards from the U.S. Department of Energy's Advanced Research Projects Agency for Energy (ARPA-E) program.
The funding will help Transphorm develop high-efficiency power transforming devices for integration into solar energy panels and motion control applications.
“Cutting-edge clean energy research projects, like those being worked on at Transphorm, can fundamentally change the way our country uses and produces energy, drive economic growth through innovation, and wean us off our dangerous addiction to fossil fuels,” Capps said. “Once again, the Central Coast has proven that it's a leader in developing these clean energy technologies.
“When I voted to enact ARPA-E to fund exciting, innovative energy projects, this is exactly the kind of transformational technology that I envisioned the program would be supporting.”
Capps toured Transphorm's Goleta facility in August and met with employees to discuss the company's research in advanced energy technologies.
This marks the second time ARPA-E has awarded federal funds to Transphorm. In 2010, the company received a $2.95 million federal awards for a similar project. Also in August, Vice President Joe Biden commended Transphorm for garnering more than $25 million in outside private capital investment.
“From our headquarters in Goleta, we are solving energy waste problems for an ever-increasing base of customers,” said Umesh Mishra, CEO of Transphorm.
Primit Parikh, president of Transphorm, added: “Through public-private partnerships with innovative programs like ARPA-E, Transphorm is bringing its world-leading energy saving technology to a global market, while growing local advanced technology and manufacturing jobs.”
Transphorm's technology, which was among 60 research projects selected nationwide, is based on innovative high-performance architecture, called a four-quadrant switch, enabling a single semiconductor device to switch voltage and current in both directions. It will be made with Gallium Nitride (GaN). The four-quadrant design will result in reduced losses and higher efficiency. This “plug-n-use” technology will enable reliable power transfer from solar panels to the grid and revolutionize photovoltaic deployment in commercial establishments and solar farms.
“These innovative projects are at the forefront of a new technological frontier that plays a critical role in our future energy security and economic growth,” said Arun Majumdar, director of the Department of Energy's ARPA-E program. “It is now more important than ever to invest in game-changing ideas that will build the technological infrastructure for a new, clean energy economy.”
The projects selected are located in 25 states, with 50 percent of projects led by universities, 23 percent by small businesses, 12 percent by large businesses, 13 percent by national labs and 2 percent by nonprofits. Before Tuesday, ARPA-E had awarded $365.7 million in funds to about 120 groundbreaking energy projects within seven program areas. This most recent round of selections brings the total to 180 projects, 12 program areas and $521.7 million in awards at ARPA-E to date.
ARPA-E is an agency within the Department of Energy that pursues high-risk, high-reward energy technology development. Capps has long supported ARPA-E and advocated for funding the agency after its creation in 2007. In 2010, she was successful in advocating for $400 million in funding for APRA-E in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
ARPA-E is modeled after the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency at the Department of Defense. The DARPA's focus on funding unique, promising research has led to breakthroughs such as stealth technology, GPS and the Internet.
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
Photo of the Dodge Caravan that had a deer go through the back side window and then out the rear hatch window.
The accident happened just before 6p.m. Sunday in Stafford County on U.S. 281 ten miles south of Great Bend.
The van was driven by 27-year old Nathan Stoney of Kingman. Stoney and passengers one month old Eli Stoney, 2-year old Dylan Stoney, 6-year old Owen Sikes and 8-year old Zoey Sikes all of Kingman were transported to Great Bend Regional Hospital with unknown injuries.
EAST LANSING, Mich. - You don't need the charisma of Steve Jobs to be an effective boss, indicates new research led by Michigan State University business scholars.
In a series of five studies, the researchers found bosses who were supportive and set clear expectations -- but weren't necessarily transformational leaders with grand visions -- were able to effectively motivate their employees.
The study, published in the journal Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, is one of the first to examine how a leader's regulatory focus, or mindset, affects his or her own behavior and, in turn, employees' motivation.
The findings suggest bosses can modify their mindset to produce a certain outcome from workers, whether that's innovation or a more conservative work focus aimed at meeting basic obligations and preventing errors, said Brent Scott, MSU professor of management and study co-author.
"Effective leadership may be based in part on leader's ability to recognize when a particular mental state is needed in their employees and to adapt their own mental state and their behaviors to elicit that mindset," Scott said. "Part of the story here is that you don't have to be Steve Jobs to be an effective leader. There is no one-size-fits-all approach to managing."
The research team, led by Russell Johnson, MSU associate professor of management, conducted field studies and experiments with hundreds of managers and employees from a variety of industries including professional services, manufacturing and government.
Bosses who had an innovative mindset (called promotion focus) were more likely to lead in a transformative way and thus elicit an innovative mindset among employees. Bosses with a more conservative mindset (called prevention focus) were more likely to "manage by exception," which involves focusing almost exclusively on preventing mistakes, thus eliciting a prevention focus among workers.
"We found that the motivations of managers are contagious and 'trickle down' to their subordinates," Johnson said. "Thus, if managers are unhappy with how their people are approaching work tasks, the managers might actually be the ones responsible for eliciting their motivation in the first place. Managers can modify their leadership behavior to trigger the appropriate motivation orientation in their employees to fit the situation."
While the study identified some transformational leaders who elicited an innovative mindset among employees, Scott said it's unrealistic to think that every boss can be - or necessarily wants to be - a transformational leader all of the time. Some work situations and environments may call for a more preventative approach.
A sweet spot for managing may be what's called "contingent reward behavior," which brings in both a promotion and prevention focus -- emphasizing gains and providing both positive and negative reinforcement based on performance.
"The contingent approach is quid pro quo -- if you do this, I'll give you that," Scott said. "It's not sexy like transformational leadership, but it's something that just about every manager can do because it doesn't require you to ooze charisma."
###
On the morning the White House is expected to approve the release the controversial memo crafted by Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee, President Donald Trump geared up for its publication with tweets attacking the FBI and Justice Department.
In the first tweet Friday morning, Trump claimed that top officials at the FBI and Justice Department are biased against him and “politicized the sacred investigative process.” It appears Trump is referencing the memo, suggesting that he thinks the document alleging that officials abused the system for obtaining surveillance warrants proves that investigators were out to get him.
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2018
Trump has reportedly been telling advisers that he thinks the memo will show that special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation is a “witch hunt” and could help him fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, the DOJ official overseeing the probe.
In his second tweet, Trump referenced a guest on “Fox and Friends First” Friday morning who parroted the argument that the memo reportedly lays out — that investigators misled the court that oversees surveillance warrants by hiding that one of their sources for the warrant application, dossier author Christopher Steele, was funded by Democrats.
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 -- U.S. war veterans who sustained severe combat wounds and have chronic post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are at increased risk for high blood pressure, a new study says.
The study included nearly 3,900 military veterans who had been severely wounded in Iraq or Afghanistan from February 2002 to February 2011. Their average age when they were wounded was 26.
More than 14 percent of the veterans developed high blood pressure at least 90 days after being wounded. The severity of the injuries and how frequently PTSD was noted in their medical records after the wounding separately affected their risk for high blood pressure.
"What we found surprised us," said study senior author Dr. Ian Stewart, a major at the U.S. Air Force Medical Center at Travis Air Force Base in California.
For every 5-point increase on a 75-point injury severity score, the risk for high blood pressure rose 5 percent. Veterans with an injury severity score of 25 or lower and no recorded PTSD diagnosis had the lowest risk for high blood pressure, according to the study.
Compared with veterans with no PTSD diagnosis, the risk for high blood pressure was 85 percent higher among those who had PTSD noted one to 15 times in their medical records -- indicating chronic PTSD.
High blood pressure was 114 percent more likely among veterans with PTSD noted more than 15 times, indicating a more severe condition, the study found.
Similar to previous research, the study also found that age, acute kidney injury and race also were associated with risk of high blood pressure. The risk rose about 5 percent for every year older a veteran was, and the risk was 69 percent higher among blacks than whites.
An injury to the kidneys, which play a key role in regulating blood pressure, also was linked to a higher risk for high blood pressure.
The findings were published March 19 in the journal Hypertension.
"PTSD does appear to increase the risk of hypertension, but we thought that hypertension risk from the injury would depend on the presence of PTSD," Stewart explained in a journal news release. "Instead, increased hypertension risk is additive to the injury itself."
Previous research has linked PTSD with high blood pressure, substance abuse, obesity, heart disease and suicide.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has more on PTSD.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
A leaked memo has stated that the UK will see its economic growth decline by at least two percent over the fifteen years following Brexit. The report emerged amid increasing pressure on UK Prime Minister Theresa May with senior party donors demanding her resignation.
Sputnik discussed this with Mark Garnett, a politics professor at Lancaster University and author of the book "From Anger to Apathy: The British Experience."
Mark Garnett: The suspicion seems to be that some member of the civil service who was charged with drawing up this forecast has thought that the results would be helpful to the argument for Britain perhaps rethinking leaving the European Union at all. I think that that is the only possible source that somebody has decided that this will be embarrassing to the Leave campaign, they couldn't resist the temptation to show it to somebody who was going to make it public.
READ MORE: Abandon Project Fear! Brexit May Still Greatly Benefit Britain
Sputnik: Do you think that this also is the reason that it was done while the Prime Minister is away?
© REUTERS/ Aly Song "Auntie May" From UK Conquers Chinese During Official Trip I think that actually is probably accidental. Sometimes when leaders go abroad that is a sign for people who want to perhaps embarrass the leader, it is a signal for people to take action. On this occasion I actually think it is less embarrassing for Theresa May to be out of the country and although she would not necessarily take any great part in that debate it would show her embarrassment, because I think it's very likely that this motion to be put forward by the Labour Party will be passed.
Sputnik: So you think that this actually will be published?
Mark Garnett: I think it will have to be. There was a similar vote in November last year and this was won and the Conservative MPs didn't really bother to oppose the motion. That was a slightly different thing, that was a document which showed the fact that ministers didn't really have much idea what the Brexit impact would be, which of course is true, they don't have very much idea but they haven't even started to guess what the impact of Brexit would be.
Sputnik: That's so comforting isn't it?
Mark Garnett: Exactly, well I would say that this time the Conservative MPs will be more keen to prevent this motion passing so they may well oppose it.
There are members of the conservative party who are clearly going to vote with Labour over this, so it's going to be an interesting debate but I think that most likely it will pass and the trouble is with this that before the referendum the British civil service came up with a lot of forecasts of how bad it would be for Britain if we left the EU and I think people are now generally satisfied that these forecasts were too pessimistic or too alarmist, so in away, though this is another very difficult day for the government, although it looks as if almost certainly the results of Brexit would be negative economically, there's no certainty of that so it will be easy for the government to try and brush this aside and say all these are forecasts we can't really know what's going to happen.
Sputnik: On the other hand this is the information that is being gathered by the government for the purpose of making decisions regarding Brexit going forward and if it's such bad information then why is this being provided to the government?
Mark Garnett: You can understand why the government has asked experts to give some kind of guess about the various different ways because of course this debate has become so complicated now, because there are so many different ways in which the Brexit could evolve, could develop and so the government has wanted to be informed about what would happen in certain cases and so you can see why they've done this but at the same time I think the civil service have always thought that Britain was going to be worse off if we left the European Union. And in a way the debate over the referendum showed that people were more bothered about who makes decisions concerning Britain that in fact there a lot of people who won't mind if Britain was a bit worse off if it was still free to perhaps take its own decisions.
READ MORE: Foreign Meddling Into Brexit Revealed
People knew that it was a big risk if we voted to leave the European Union and this really is just another sign that the risk is more likely than not to result in bad news for the country, so in a way it doesn't change the debate very much but it do I think show that the government is on a course which is actually against the best advice that it can get from its own officials, you can see how ludicrous it is that the Prime Minister knows that there's every chance that what she's doing is going to be economically damaging to the country and yet she is bound and tied by the referendum results and can't do anything to avoid doing something that she knows is probably going to be economically damaging.
Sputnik: Theresa May also said that it would be wrong to publish any of this official analysis because it could prejudice the negotiations. Do you think that the documents can have any impact on the negotiations?
Mark Garnett: Well absolutely, I think again that in the European Union this document will change nothing because the EU knows already that the likely result will be damage to Britain, also of course it will be likely to damage the economic growth of the European Union so it's a situation the European Union are just looking at with a certain amount of dispair. In the end they think Britain will be damaged more than the European Union.
Sputnik: What will the impact of this leak and the further publication, if that's the case, mean for Brexit and for the UK?
Mark Garnett: Well things are very difficult for the Prime Minister, she's away that doesn't really make things more difficult, but there are rumors that there will be a move against her and this will not help. In part this is another thing which she's going to have to somehow manage and I don't think that this itself will push the Conservative Party into forcing her leadership election, however its just another sign that her position is very vulnerable and in British politics you can never expect anything, you can never predict anything, however this makes it more likely than not that we will have a new Prime Minister within a few months.
The views and opinions expressed by Mark Garnett are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
* Kuna rebounds from 3-month-low on seasonal tourism impact * Croatian government splits over Agrokor crisis * French politics supports FX despite Macron Poland warning * Czech crown rebounds again from levels beyond 27 vs euro By Sandor Peto and Igor Ilic BUDAPEST/ZAGREB, April 28 Croatia's kuna joined a firming of Central European peers on Friday despite a split in the country's ruling coalition, helped by seasonal factors and more risk appetite after last Sunday's French presidential vote. Regional assets rose this week after centrist Emmanuel Macron won the first-round vote, diminishing the risk of far-right or far-left government in the core European Union member. In Zagreb, the kuna hit a 3-month low to the euro on Thursday, after Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic fired ministers from his junior coalition partner. He will need to patch together a new majority or call an early election. It rebounded on Friday, trading at 7.48, up 0.1 percent. The coalition split stems from differences over the handling of a financial crisis of retail and food group Agrokor, Croatia's biggest private firm. Analysts said a seasonal pick-up in revenues from tourism, which tends to lift the kuna around the middle of the year, still supported the currency. "I expect certain easing pressures to persist in the coming days or weeks due to the Agrokor crisis and political uncertainties, but as the tourist season gets into swing from June, I see again appreciation pressures setting the pace," said a dealer at a major local bank. Increased demand for euros as the corporate sector pays dividends is negative, but a pick-up in the inflow of EU funds could help the kuna, Addiko bank said in a note. The zloty and the forint firmed 0.1 percent per euro. The Polish unit touched a one-month high at 4.2133, a hairbreadth from 18-month highs beyond 4.21. Macron, who has good chances to become French president, pledged a hard-line approach to Poland and Hungary in defence of democratic values late on Thursday. But investors shrug off that tension for now, focusing on a fall in risks to European integration with Macron in the lead. Polish April inflation data due at 1200 GMT are seen showing 2 percent annual rise, a flat rate from March. "CPI data will not have a significant impact on zloty, given a prevailing conviction ... that the MPC (central bank) will remain dovish in its stance," Millennium bank analysts said in a note. The crown firmed 0.4 percent to 26.915 per euro, rebounding sharply from levels past 27, which it reached on Thursday for the second time since the central bank three weeks ago removed a cap which had kept it weaker than 27 for years. CEE SNAPS AT 1046 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.91 27.02 +0.4 0.34% 50 45 1% Hungary 311.5 311.8 +0.1 -0.88 forint 700 750 0% % Polish 4.218 4.223 +0.1 4.41% zloty 0 3 2% Romanian 4.534 4.533 -0.01 0.02% leu 0 7 % Croatian 7.480 7.483 +0.0 1.00% kuna 0 8 5% Serbian 123.0 123.2 +0.1 0.28% dinar 000 000 6% Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 1003. 1002. +0.1 +8.8 43 12 3% 8% Budapest 32959 32959 +0.0 +2.9 .04 .62 0% 9% Warsaw 2390. 2382. +0.3 +22. 10 78 1% 70% Bucharest 8202. 8184. +0.2 +15. 86 77 2% 78% Ljubljana 780.9 788.2 -0.92 +8.8 9 5 % 4% Zagreb 1899. 1888. +0.5 -4.78 42 86 6% % Belgrade 6 4 % 9% Sofia 654.3 649.4 +0.7 +11. 9 7 6% 59% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 8 bps 5-year 4 bps 10-year 6 bps s Poland 2-year bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.31 0.37 0.46 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.22 0.255 0.39 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.753 1.779 1.829 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Jason Hovet in Prague and Marcin Goettig and Bartosz Chmielewski in Warsaw; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SATURDAY'S Golden Slipper day is one of the best days of the year to get to the races. Watch the babies dash for the honours of winning the world's richest two-year-old race and see the magnificent Winx shoot for her 24th straight win.
Camera Icon Catch Winx shoot for her 24th straight win on Saturday. Picture: News Corp Australia
TICKETS:
A number of different tickets are available for the 2018 Golden Slipper, with different dining and accessibility options available. Click on this link for details
Camera Icon Picture: News Limited
HOW TO GET THERE:
TRAIN is the best bet. Regular services leave Central and Strathfield bound for Rosehill, with the station right on the course. Jump off the train and straight on to the track.
Camera Icon Jump off the train and straight on to the track. Picture: AAP
FASHION AND LIFESTYLE:
ONCE you are on track, it's as much about your Slipper style as it about the action on the track.
Why not enter the Harrolds Fashion Chute, which is open to men and women.
For prizing information: australianturfclub.com.au/harroldsfashionchute
The ladies can vie for the major prizes in the Longines Prize for Elegance.
Judges for the Harrolds Fashion Chute and Longines Prize for Elegance include Kyly Clarke and the Daily Telegraph's Elle Halliwell.
And if you're feeling a little dishevelled after arriving, get your free Slipper Style hair at the Toni&Guy Gold Lounge, with unique dry bar styles and the chance to win a GHD Gold gift pack.
Camera Icon It's as much about your Slipper style as it about the action on the track. Picture: AAP
HOSPITALITY:
THE Triple M Grill team invite you to the MMM-arquee. For the value-packed price of $99pp you'll receive all the race day essentials, plus entry to one of Australia's most celebrated sporting events on the calendar.
Camera Icon The Triple M Grill team invite you to the MMM-arquee. Picture: Supplied
EATS AT THE GARDENS:
FEATURING Chur Burger, Dirty Bird, Happy as Larry, Street Sliders, Trinhy's & Caminito, Plus the range of other food and drink outlets dotted over the course. You won't go hungry, that's for sure.
Camera Icon You won't go hungry on Slipper day, that's for sure. Picture: News Corp Australia
POP UP BARS:
WHY not try the Chandon S easy Chic Tram or the Pimms Cocktail Float, the Red Bull Race Club, including DJ and Red Bull Bar, or the Canadian Club Cocktail Cart.
Camera Icon Slake your thirst at the Pimms Cocktail Float Picture: Supplied
ENTERTAINMENT:
BIRDS of Tokyo will perform live in the undercover old betting ring after the last race (approx. 5:45pm), plus DJ Sasha Moon spins the discs all day at the Main Stage Bar.
A full-capacity audience gathered at the Phoenix Convention Center June 12 for a discussion about evangelism at the North American Mission Board's (NAMB) 2017 Send Luncheon which coincided with the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) Pastors' Conference.
Photo by Marc Hooks
Las Vegas church planter Vance Pittman, right, encourages pastors toward evangelism and to be disciple-making churches during the NAMB Send Luncheon June 12. Pastors Greg Laurie, second from left, and James Merritt added examples from their experience while NAMB President Kevin Ezell, left, moderated the discussion at the Phoenix Convention Center.
“NAMB exists to come alongside churches and help them be on mission,” NAMB president Kevin Ezell told pastors. “The mission of sharing the gospel of Jesus Christ. To push back lostness in North America. To see that every man, woman, boy and girl can hear the gospel. Everything we do is about evangelism. We as a convention need to focus on having gospel conversations.”
Ezell shared some sobering statistics based on an analysis of 2015 Annual Church Profile numbers. Eight percent of SBC churches, he said, baptized nine people or fewer. Fifty percent of churches baptized two or fewer, and 25 percent baptized none.
Ezell then invited pastors Vance Pitman, Greg Laurie and James Merritt to the stage to discuss their experience sharing the gospel and leading others to do the same. Each man stressed how crucial evangelism is to the survival of the church, and they challenged pastors to lead by example in their own lives by intentionally and regularly having gospel conversations.
Greg Laurie, senior Pastor of Harvest Christian Fellowship in Riverside, Calif., began the conversation by explaining how he motivates his church staff and members to share their faith.
“If you want to start a fire in the pews, it has to start in the pulpit,” Laurie said. “Evangelize or fossilize. New believers are the lifeblood of the church. If you show me a church that does not have a constant flow of new believers coming in, then I will show you a church that's stagnant.”
Merritt, lead pastor of Cross Pointe Church in Duluth, Ga., added, “Unless you are a pastor in the Sahara Desert, by yourself, there is no excuse for baptizing nobody. The gospel is still a fire that can melt the coldest heart. It is still a rock that can break the hardest heart.”
Vance Pitman, NAMB ambassador and pastor of Hope Church in Las Vegas, shared his experience with evangelism as a church planter.
“What changed for me in the arena of evangelism was moving to Las Vegas to plant a church,” Pitman shared. “When I moved to Las Vegas, there was no church. I didn't have a choice but to build relationships with people in the city.”
Pitman said it was then that he became more active in meeting lost people, cultivating gospel conversations with them and building relationships with people in the city. He addressed a problem he said is common among Baptist churches today: Members are only surrounding themselves with fellow church members. He suggested restructuring the ministry to allow more time and opportunities for members to build relationships with people outside the walls of their congregation.
Pitman then introduced a video of Martin Haghani, a church planter from his church who excels in evangelistic work. A former Muslim, Haghani has devoted his life to reaching out to the Islamic community in Las Vegas in order to share the gospel and the hope of Jesus. In 2015, he led 26 Muslims to Christ, and in 2016, his church baptized 54 more.
Photo by Marc Hooks
Justin Haynes tells NAMB President Kevin Ezell, far right, about the hardships of church planting in the city of New Orleans during NAMB's Send Luncheon June 12 at the Phoenix Convention Center. In addition to the expected spiritual warfare, Haynes has recently been diagnosed with cancer. Ezell surprised Haynes and his wife, Brittany, by announcing that private donors not only will provide assistance with the family's medical expenses, but are sending the family on a trip to Walt Disney World in Orlando.
To conclude the event, Ezell explained that the purpose for planting churches is evangelism, and he introduced a video featuring Justin Haynes as the embodiment of this mission. Haynes is a church planter that moved to New Orleans to start a church in a community there.
“I believe that prayer is one of our most powerful tools that we have,” Haynes stated in the video. About six months ago, NAMB contacted Haynes and asked him if he would be willing to be featured in its annual missionary prayer calendar, which is distributed through SBC churches.
Four months later, Haynes was diagnosed with cancer on the same week he appeared on the prayer calendar.
“Knowing that there are thousands praying for the mission to move forward just makes me keep going,” Haynes explained. “We are in a broken world, and I only know one person that can fix that, and it's the one that's fixing me.”
After the video, Haynes, his wife and four children joined Ezell on stage and were met with a standing ovation from the audience. Once again, they stressed how much they have appreciated the SBC's support and prayer through the challenges they have encountered.
The luncheon's conclusion came when Ezell told the Haynes family that through private donations, NAMB would be covering the out-of-pocket medical expenses the Haynes family has incurred during his cancer treatments. For the closing benediction, Ezell invited Merritt back to the stage to pray for Haynes and his family.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Daryn Sinclair writes for the North American Mission Board.)
A massive EuroMillions jackpot is up for grabs tonight.
The jackpot has soared to an estimated €140 million.
If it's won here in Ireland, it would be the biggest ever EuroMillions win for the country - topping Dolores McNamara's win of €115 million back in 2005.
National Lottery spokesperson Miriam Donohoe said: "She was the first ever Irish jackpot winner, and that scale of a win hasn't been repeated.
"This year, very early in January, we had a win of €38 million won by a small family syndicate in north County Dublin."
She added that the jackpot 'rarely rolls so high'.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- As Super Bowl LII progresses Sunday between New England and Philadelphia, don't be surprised if the third team on the field assumes an increasingly passive role in the proceedings.
As is the custom, the Super Bowl will be officiated by an all-star crew, headed by referee Gene Steratore. We object to this approach because the members of that crew do not work with each other during the regular season and do not have experience making decisions together in the heat of a game, or in any circumstance.
And that unfamiliarity will only increase the natural inclination that officials have in a postseason game when they tend to swallow their whistles.
In recent postseason games there have been several examples of officials not making a call when there was an obvious infraction -- albeit one is not available for review by instant replay.
The result is that teams test the officials with muggings that would be illegal on the street. Although these are sometimes flagged, it is usually early in the game, but not late when such a call might appear to make the difference in a huge game.
Hall of Fame head coach John Madden has long noted this inequity and former NFL head of officials Mike Pereira does not deny that it happens.
"You take more liberties, especially after you had one called," said Madden, long known for loudly antagonizing officials when he was storming the sidelines as coach of the Oakland Raiders.
"People are right that the Patriots do this, but all coaches do it, so this is nothing new. The idea is, once the officials call one, they aren't going to call any more. So it is true that they swallow the whistle, but it is after they already called a few for the record."
Pereira did not totally disagree.
"Statistics bear out that there are fewer penalties called in the postseason, but I think it is less about officials swallowing the whistle, as you put it," he said. "It may feel that way, but I don't buy into the notion."
That said, Pereira admits a certain human inclination impacts the action.
"I think subconsciously anybody that officiates, that when it comes close to the end of the game, they want players to decide it. They don't want to read about themselves Monday being part of a big play because of a penalty.
"You also get to the point that when you get to the Super Bowl that you have the best officials there, not that I necessarily agree with the concept of all-star officiating crews in the postseason. If you look at the makeup of this crew, my god, the seniority is pretty much unlike anything I've ever seen."
The Eagles have indeed looked closely at this Super Bowl officiating crew. Philadelphia was penalized eight times in its two playoff wins this year and want to keep that number from growing too much Sunday. So the Eagles watched video of the penalties called by members of this crew.
"We kind of use that to understand what they like to call, know what they are looking for, and pretty much just help us play a cleaner game so we know what to expect from them and they know what to expect from us," Eagles linebacker Nigel Bradham said.
Philadelphia's expectations are fueled by the fact that Steratore's crew was fifth-highest in calling pass interference, defensive holding and illegal contact calls and that four of the other six officials were on crews that ranked in the top half of the league in those calls.
Two of the three officials who watch for pass interference - side judge Scott Edwards, field judge Tom Hill and back judge Perry Paganelli - were on crews that threw fewer flags for those infractions than the league average.
The Eagles surely note that the Patriots were called for one penalty against the Jaguars, the fewest penalties called on one team in a playoff game since the 2011 AFC Championship when the Patriots were flagged once in a win over the Ravens.
In addition, since the 2005 championship game when the Patriots played the Eagles, there has not been an illegal contact penalty in the Super Bowl. Linebacker Roman Phifer of the Patriots was flagged, and the penalty negated an interception by cornerback Asante Samuel. However, safety Rodney Harrison had an interception one play later.
Looking closer at the third team on the field, it will be the first Super Bowl for Steratore, who entered the league in 2003 as a field judge and was promoted to referee in 2006. The 54-year-old has officiated 11 playoff games, including two conference championships, and was the alternate referee for Super Bowl XLIV.
The other members of the Super Bowl LII officiating crew are Roy Ellison (umpire), Jerry Bergman (down judge), Byron Boston (line judge), Hill, Edwards and Paganelli.
Paul Weidner will serve as the replay official.
According to NFL data, the crew has 127 years of league officiating experience and 101 combined playoff game assignments.
Steratore caused a stir last month by using a folded index card to help measure a first down during a Week 15 game between the Dallas Cowboys and Oakland Raiders.
Steratore placed the card between the tip of the football and the end of the first-down marker before signaling that the Cowboys had converted a fourth down on their game-winning drive.
The NFL said there is no rule barring officials from using a card that way, but senior vice president of officiating Al Riveron later asked referees to refrain from using such objects when measuring ball placement.
Genetic studies have linked a number of risk genes to autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Although the complex genetics underlying ASD likely involve interactions between many genes, some risk genes are singular drivers of autism-like behaviors in rodent models, particularly genes that guide synaptic development and function. One such ASD-associated gene encodes SHANK3, a scaffolding protein that organizes neurotransmitter receptors and their intracellular effectors in neuronal synapses. SHANK3-deficient display repetitive grooming behavior as well as social interaction deficits and are considered to be an experimental model for autism.
Researchers in Guoping Feng's lab at MIT hypothesized that a mutation in Shank3 differentially affects synaptic development in two neural pathways that contribute to motor control. Work published this week in the JCI demonstrates the profound changes in synaptic shape and function observed in neurons of the indirect striatal pathway in SHANK3-deficient mice. In contrast, synapses of the direct striatal pathway were less affected by SHANK deficiency. When the researchers specifically activated neurons in the indirect pathway, repetitive grooming behaviors diminished. These findings suggest that repetitive behaviors in SHANK3-deficient mice are driven by imbalances between the striatal pathways, revealing a potential mechanism and possible targets to treat some behavioral aspects of ASD.
###
TITLE: Striatopallidal dysfunction underlies repetitive behavior in Shank3-deficient model of autism
AUTHOR CONTACT:
Guoping Feng
MIT
fengg@mit.edu
View this article at: http://www. jci. org/ articles/ view/ 87997?key= d7ffc2829e73e53a31ed
ACCOMPANYING COMMENTARY
TITLE: An indirect route to repetitive actions
AUTHOR CONTACT:
David Lovinger
NIH
lovindav@mail.nih.gov
SWEETWATER COUNTY — According to a Sweetwater County Sheriff's Office press release, what started out as a speeding ticket ended up in felony drug charges for a California couple on Saturday morning, according to Sweetwater County Sheriff Mike Lowell.
At about 9:15 AM, a Sheriff's Office K9 team stopped a 2017 Chrysler Pacifica minivan on Interstate 80 for traveling 90 miles per hour in a 75 mph zone. The driver was identified as Nicholas Wyatt Haws, 24, of Rocklin, California, and his passenger as 22-year-old Rayna M. Quiocho, 22, of Citrus Heights, California.
Five large duffel bags in the minivan were found to contain about 106.92 pounds of marijuana packaged in vacuum-sealed bags. Haws and Quiocho were arrested without incident and transported to the Sweetwater County Detention Center, where they remain in custody pending an initial appearance in Circuit Court. Both are charged with Unlawful Manufacture or Delivery of a Controlled Substance.
Lowell said the Sweetwater County Sheriff's Office has adopted a policy of not identifying its dog handlers and their K9 partners by name in the media in drug cases due to incidences of threats elsewhere in the country against law enforcement officers and their dogs.
Saturday's arrests brings the Sheriff's Office's canine unit's marijuana seizures since late October to just under 800 pounds, with an estimated total street value of well over $4 million.
Buildings under construction are seen among fog in Rizhao, Shandong province, China, May 19, 2015. REUTERS/Stringer
BEIJING China's economy likely grew by a solid 6.8 percent in the first quarter, the same pace as the previous quarter, due to sustained government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying housing market, according to a Reuters poll of 60 economists.
But the world's second-largest economy is widely expected to lose steam later in the year as the impact of earlier stimulus measures starts to fade and as local authorities step up a battle to rein in red-hot housing prices.
A tighter monetary policy stance by the central bank and intensifying efforts by regulators to contain debt risks and asset bubbles could also weigh on growth in the world's second-largest economy if not handled well, economists said.
"Growth is still driven by infrastructure investment and the property sector, but property investment is likely to slow in the second half due to curbs on home buying and mortgages," said Tang Jianwei, economist at Bank of Communications in Shanghai.
"The economy is stabilising and warming up, but there are still downside risks in the medium term."
A surprisingly upbeat reading would likely boost stocks and global commodity prices, but a weak outcome could fuel the risk of more capital outflows, putting fresh pressure on the yuan currency CNY=CFXS.
The government is aiming for 2017 growth of around 6.5 percent, slightly lower than last year's target of 6.5-7 percent and the actual 6.7 percent, which was the weakest pace in 26 years.
Top leaders have signalled tolerance for more modest growth this year to help defuse financial risks created by an explosive growth in debt.
Economists in the poll estimated GDP grew 1.6 percent quarter-on-quarter, versus 1.7 percent in the fourth quarter, though only 25 analysts gave sequential forecasts.
PROPERTY, DEBT KEY RISKS
Most analysts agree the property market may pose the single biggest immediate risk to growth.
In March and early April, more than a dozen local governments imposed or tightened restrictions on home purchases and tightened mortgage down payment rules, after data showed housing prices, sales and investment remained strong, defying earlier cooling measures.
Increasingly tough measures are expected to slow activity in the property market eventually, but at the risk of a nasty crash that would damage the economy and consumer confidence.
At the same time, China's central bank has shifted to a tightening bias and is using more targeted measures to contain risks in the financial system, after years of ultra-loose settings.
The People's Bank of China (PBOC) has raised short-term interest rates modestly several times already this year and some market watchers expect one or two more hikes by year-end.
But it is considered unlikely to tighten policy abruptly ahead of a major leadership transition later this year.
Indeed, some analysts believe the government could quickly unwind tightening measures and revert to traditional pump-priming if growth slows too sharply, despite official warnings about the dangers of prolonged debt-fuelled stimulus.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) says China's total private and public debt has exceeded 250 percent of GDP, up from 150 percent before the global financial crisis.
STEADY MARCH EXPANSION EXPECTED
China will release first-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) on April 17 (Monday), along with March industrial output, retail sales and fixed asset investment.
Industrial output likely grew at a steady 6.3 percent pace in March, aided by a continuing construction boom and a pickup in export orders as global demand improves.
Fixed asset investment was expected to grow 8.8 percent in the first quarter, easing marginally from 8.9 percent in the first two months of the year.
Investors and policymakers will be watching for any further signs of improvement in private investment, which quickened in January and February after a sharp loss of momentum in the last few years.
Retail sales could remain a source of concern, however. Growth is expected to pick up only marginally to 9.6 percent in March from 9.5 percent in January and February combined, which was the weakest pace in nearly two years.
Still, China auto sales grew 7 percent in the first quarter, the strongest January-March period since 2014 and raising the possibility of an upside surprise.
Growth in car sales was expected to be weaker this year after the government reduced tax incentives on small cars.
Data on Wednesday showed China's producer price inflation cooled for the first time in seven months in March as iron ore and coal prices tumbled, pressured by fears that Chinese steel production is outweighing demand. Consumer prices remained mild.
March trade figures will be issued on Thursday, with an expected rebound in exports being overshadowed by concerns about a rise in U.S. protectionism.
(Reporting by Kevin Yao and Shaloo Shrivastava; Editing by Kim Coghill)
× Earthquake swarm rocks New Year's Eve in California town
BRAWLEY, Calif. — Dozens of earthquakes helped bring in the New Year around Brawley, California, but they are more of a curiosity than a concern, experts tell CNN.
Caltech seismologist Lucy Jones said earthquake “swarms” aren't unexpected around Brawley — there also was a swarm in 2012 — because the fault-riddled region called the Brawley Seismic Zone lies between the large San Andreas Fault and the Imperial Fault.
More than 100 earthquakes have hit the region this weekend, but most are too weak, under 2.5 magnitude, to be noticed by people, said Donyelle Davis, spokeswoman for the United States Geological Survey.
Weak quakes can trigger a bigger, more dangerous quake, but Brawley, a city of about 25,000 people near the Mexican border, is too far from the San Andreas Fault for that to be much of a risk, Davis said.
“This area may have produced the most earthquakes in the entire state of California, but they are small,” Jones said. “If they happened a mile away we would be concerned, but these quakes are about 30 miles from the San Andreas Fault.”
Since Saturday at least 24 quakes have been 2.5 to 3.9 magnitude, according to the Geological Survey. Earthquakes of 3.9 magnitude or less generally create little or no damage.
They are common in California. As of noon Sunday, the state had had 191 earthquakes in the past 24 hours and 7,707 in the past 365 days, with the largest measuring 6.5 in Ferndale, according to the website earthquaketracker.com.
Catastrophic earthquakes seem to strike along the southern San Andreas Fault about once every 150 years, the Geological Survey said, citing studies examining the past 1,400 years. The last time an enormous temblor on the fault struck Southern California was in 1857.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) said on Thursday that it had foiled together with Russian Interior Ministry illegal arms supplies in 14 Russian regions, launching investigations in respect to 32 individuals involved in illegal activities.
"On May 29, 2018, operations and searches were carried out in 14 regions of the country, investigations were launched in respect to 32 individuals involved in the acquisition, manufacture, improvising and sale of weapons," the service's statement read.
READ MORE: Russian FSB, Police Neutralize Gunman Who Attacked Them After Document Check
The FSB added that 83 firearms, 19 grenades, three mortar mines, 23 fuses of various modifications, about 4,000 rounds of ammunition of various calibers, over 5 kilograms (11 pounds) of explosives, 12 silencers, components for manufacture of more than 30 weapons, bullets, shells, caps and equipment for manufacture of ammunition had been seized in the course of operations.
Furthermore, the security services foiled the activities of four clandestine arms and munition workshops in the Moscow, Novgorod and Tver regions, according to the statement.
Earlier in May, Russia's security services killed two leaders of a religious extremist sect in Nevinnomyssk, Stavropol territory in North Caucasian Federal District, who were planning terrorist attacks.
St. Lucia will soon introduce new tax reform measures to bring the country in line with European Union standards.
That's the word from the Minister in the Ministry of Finance, Senator Dr. Ubaldus Raymond.
His comments come after St Lucia was placed on an EU blacklist of tax havens, which could result in EU sanctions.
Dr. Raymomd said the new tax rules are likely to be unveiled in the new Budget.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On December 2, 1956, a group of revolutionaries led by Castro returned to Cuba from exile in Mexico on a small yacht called the Granma, landing in the province of Oriente. The group grew to become the Rebel Army, which launched a guerrilla war against the regime. The ceremonies dedicated to the 60th anniversary of Granma's landing had been postponed for a month due to Castro's death on November 25, 2016.
According to the organizers, the parade will feature a replica of the Granma yacht and Rebel Army columns.
Units of the Cuban army, including, tank divisions, special Navy troops, and the border patrols will also join the parade.
Charities, community groups and good causes across North Tyneside are being invited to apply for a newly-launched community grant from Newcastle Building Society that will provide an additional £50,000 from its successful Community Fund at the Community Foundation.
Applications will open tomorrow for the society's new Building Improvement Grants, which will be made available to groups or charities in the region that need to make improvements to their community buildings.
Since its launch in 2016, the fund has contributed more than £200,000 in grants to projects across the North East and Cumbria.
Andrew Haigh, Newcastle Building Society chief executive, said: “Supporting our communities across the region is core to what we do and extending our successful community grants initiative with these larger Building Improvement Grants recognises that strong communities need appropriate and practical community buildings at their heart.”
Full details of the grants and eligibility criteria are available at www.newcastle.co.uk The closing date for the first round is June 29.
A community group on Kauai is filing suit against the state Department of Land and Natural Resources and seed company Syngenta to protect crown lands on Kauai's West Side.
Group Ke Kauhulu O Manu, along with plaintiffs Kohola Leo, the Surfrider Foundation and the Hawaii Alliance for Progressive Action want Environmental Impact Statements completed for the lands, located in Mana, adjacent to the coast. Their attorney, Lance Collins, says proper assessments are not currently being done.
“This suit is being filed to ensure that sensitive, coastal, and publicly-owned lands zoned for conservation are given the proper and legally required environmental review prior to being leased out for private commercial use,” Collins said.
Nearly 60 acres of land near homes in Kekaha are the focus of the suit.
The lawsuit comes as Syngenta sells its Hawaii operations to ag company, the Hartung Brothers.
Read the formal complaint here:
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Wynne also touted some of the party's policy achievements — raising the minimum wage, expanding drug coverage for people under the age of 25 and free post-secondary tuition for students from low-income families.
She emphasized the contrast between her party, the PCs and the New Democrats, while also touching on key themes of fairness and opportunity that she has stressed for months.
"We are fighting for you, we will keep fighting for you," she said. "We will never stop fighting for you."
Wynne mentioned the difficult road to re-election ahead by referencing her own past electoral record. Down in the polls for over a year and with approval ratings that hover in the mid-teens, she asked party volunteers to work hard.
"I lost my first election in 1994 by 72 votes," Wynne said. "Just a few more hours of canvassing or getting out the vote could have changed that result. And because every single vote counts, that means every single visit on every single doorstep counts."
Liberal campaign co-chair Deb Matthews acknowledged that the weekend event was, in part, about further honing the party's strategy and organization. That includes planning for whomever the PCs pick as leader.
"Obviously, we'll need to be ready for any eventuality," she said of the PC leadership race. "They need to figure out their party. We've got our party figured out. We know what we're doing."
Wynne said the party is not "troubled by" the loss of any advance plans they had to attack former PC leader Patrick Brown.
"What happened to Patrick Brown, what is happening to the (PCs) right now, is their focus," she said. "Our focus is on our plan."
Wynne opened the convention Friday night by participating in a candidate spotlight and taking questions from party members.
Ontario's general election is June 7.
By Shawn Jeffords and Paola Loriggio, The Canadian Press
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates on the podium after winning the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
MANAMA Lewis Hamilton is keeping his fingers crossed that he and Ferrari rival Sebastian Vettel can have a proper battle in Bahrain on Sunday after last year's race did neither of them any favours.
Vettel, now joint leader of the Formula One championship with Mercedes's Hamilton after two races, was unable to start the 2016 grand prix at Sakhir due to an engine failure on the formation lap.
The German, who had qualified third behind the then-dominant Mercedes drivers, has been alongside Hamilton on the front row so far this year.
"It (the title battle) is going to go right down to the end of the season, and I hope there's nothing mechanical that will come in between our sheer battle through ability," said Hamilton after winning in China last weekend.
"I really, really hope it's just an out and out fight through stubbornness, through mental stability, through fitness, composure...," he added.
Vettel, a four times world champion with Red Bull, and triple champion Hamilton have 43 points apiece after one victory and second place each.
Unless both draw a blank, the deadlock must be broken on Sunday at a desert circuit where both are two times winners and returning in rather better mood than they left last year.
There is a real sense of anticipation about the emerging scrap between two great rivals with a huge determination to win and no less mutual respect of each other's talents and achievements.
"He is at his best and he is phenomenally quick," Hamilton said of Australian Grand Prix winner Vettel. "Ferrari is at their best in years. We're at our best as a team, and I feel like I'm at my best.
"The ultimate fighter always wants to go up against the best battle he can have because then when you come out on top, it's so much more satisfying. I love this fight."
UNHAPPY MEMORIES
Last year's race in Bahrain does not hold great memories for either of the current Mercedes drivers, either.
Hamilton made a slow start from pole and collided on the first lap with the Williams of Valtteri Bottas, his new teammate this season, who was punished by stewards for his move.
Bottas, who has replaced last year's winner and retired world champion Nico Rosberg, will not want to remind of that as he seeks to move on from a spin behind the safety car that cost him points in China.
Mercedes should be favourites, after winning the last three races at Sakhir, but Ferrari are sharp on strategy and have shown they flourish in hotter conditions.
"I think they will be very, very quick in the next race but there are a lot of straights there as well and we've obviously got, I think, still the strongest power unit on the grid," commented Hamilton.
"So I think that will come into play, for sure."
The race will also see the return of Sauber's Pascal Wehrlein, who has missed two races due to fitness issues, and of former commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone, attending a race for the first time since his ouster by Liberty Media.
The 86-year-old Briton told Reuters that a Vettel v Hamilton battle was win-win for the sport.
"They are both good friends of mine so I don't care who wins. It would be nice to see Ferrari win... I'd like to see Sebastian win, But it would also be nice to see Lewis put another notch on his gun," he said.
(Editing by John O'Brien)
Wall Street's long campaign to chip away at the toughest trading restriction imposed on banks after the financial crisis is finally paying off under President Donald Trump.
The Federal Reserve Board, now led by Trump appointees, is set to take the most concrete step yet to roll back the Volcker Rule, which was key to Washington's efforts to make the industry safer after the 2008 meltdown. The Fed's vote, scheduled for Wednesday, would kick off an administrative process aimed at significantly reducing compliance costs for financial firms.
The rule is meant to bar banks with federally-backed deposit insurance from suffering out-sized losses by restricting their ability to bet with their own capital. Financial firms have said the rule is unnecessarily complex and almost impossible to adhere to.
Trump-appointed regulators have shown a greater willingness to listen to such grievances, and are set to propose a revamp that would give banks more leeway to presume their trades comply with the rule.
“The objective behind this proposal is straightforward: simplifying and tailoring the Volcker rule in light of our experience with the rule in practice,” said Randal Quarles, the Fed's point man on bank regulation. “This is a goal that is shared among all five agencies and among policymakers at those agencies with many different backgrounds.”
Quarles, appointed by President Donald Trump, also stressed that the revisions weren't just a rollback by the new administration, saying they were “the fruit of long and shared experience” and not “assumptions of a few recently appointed individuals.”
Over the next week, agencies including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. are expected to also propose the changes. With legislative changes difficult to get through a politically divided Congress, regulators have been crucial to Trump's drive to dial back constraints like Volcker that impact the U.S.'s biggest banks.
Volcker, named for former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker, banned what's known as proprietary trading — the practice of banks investing for their own benefit rather than buying or selling securities to fulfill requests from customers. It also restricted lenders from investing in hedge funds and private-equity firms.
The proposed changes, which would be opened up for public comment for 60 days, would “broadly simplify and tailor” the rule without negatively affecting the safety of banks, according to a summary of the plan.
The proposal calls for the removal of an assumption included in the original rule that positions lenders hold for fewer than 60 days are proprietary. Meanwhile, the plan would scrap a component of the test for determining whether a trade is for a bank's account. It would be replaced with new criteria based on how the bank accounts for the trades, according to the summary.
Regulators are also proposing to make it easier to take advantage of exemptions, such as one that gives banks broad flexibility to execute trades that serve as hedges against potential losses. Banks now have to submit continuous and precise documentation to prove they are hedging, requirements they say are unreasonable.
The plan also calls for modifying exemptions that banks can seek for underwriting and market-making activity, according to the summary. Specifically, the plan would loosen the requirements for firms to take advantage of exemptions for activities “designed not to exceed reasonably expected near term demand of clients, customers, or counterparties.”The proposal also seeks to ease the impact of the rule on foreign banks' operations outside the U.S.
Fed Governor Lael Brainard, who worked at the Treasury Department during the Obama administration when the Dodd-Frank law was passed, said she supported the changes. The proposal, she noted, will ensure that the “core” of the regulation — prohibiting banks from speculative trading — is maintained.
“While the purpose of the Volcker rule is compelling, our experience with its implementation over the past few years suggests that the interagency rule has turned out to be needlessly cumbersome in practice,” she said in remarks prepared for a Fed meeting to consider proposing the changes.
While banks will likely welcome the changes, the revamp isn't expected to trigger a return of proprietary trading or prompt lenders to rehire some of the high-flying investors who fled for hedge funds after the financial crisis. A full repeal of Volcker is seen as improbable, because it would require an act of Congress.
Regulators generally give the public months to weigh in on their proposals to overhaul rules, and then must hold a second round of votes to make changes binding.
Quarles, the vice chairman of supervision, said the plan was a “best, first effort” at simplifying the complex regulation. More tweaks may be in the offing.
“I view this proposal as an important milestone in comprehensive Volcker rule reform, but not the completion of our work,” Quarles said.
When a flight attendant requested Eagles fans to "tone it down" during a flight to Philadelphia on Friday night, they responded exactly how you'd expect a plane full of Eagles fans to respond two days before their team's Super Bowl matchup against the New England Patriots.
Scroll for more content...
They belted out their team's fight song.
"Fly, Eagles fly," they sang, "on the road the victory."
Tony Hermosillo, 30, of Lawndale, California, told CNN he was flying with Spirit Airlines from Los Angeles to Philadelphia.
Hermosillo, an Eagles fan since 2002, was traveling with friends to watch the Super Bowl in the team's hometown this weekend.
The friends had been talking about playing "Gonna Fly Now" -- the theme song to the movie "Rocky" -- or the Eagles' fight song on a speaker they'd brought with them.
People started cheering their idea, and that's when the flight attendant stepped in over the loudspeaker.
"Let's just tone it down a little bit. I know you're excited," the attendant can be heard saying in Hermosillo's video.
But these high-flying Eagles fans were not having it.
"The mood was amazing," Hermosillo said. "Everyone was friendly and excited. It was like if we were all friends."
The Eagles face off against the Patriots this Sunday in Minneapolis in Super Bowl LII.
SAW a photo of Ara Mina, Bulacan Mayor Patrick Meneses, Macky Mathay, Sunshine Cruz and Baby Mandy.
A lot were surprised to see Ara and Patrick together. This prompted one netizen to ask, “Nagkabalikan na si Ara at Patrick?”
One guy retorted, “I saw some of their pictures on IG. They're back together na daw. I'm so happy! They look very beautiful together. I feel so positive about them though I'm not Ara Mina's fan. So cute din ni Amanda:) Love love love (Kris Aquino version).”
May isa naman na humanga kay Ara and said, “I'm not ara's fan too pero i like her coz she seems to be a very kind-hearted person. Mahal na mahal nya family nya.”
SAN DIEGO– Researchers led by a UC San Diego chemist Monday reported findings that offer hope for new therapies that could better protect patients from the flu, regardless of the strain they contract.
Seth Cohen, a professor in UCSD's Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, and his team reported that tweaking a small-molecule drug shows promise for future production of new antiviral therapies for influenza patients.
“This is a medicinal intervention that will slow down the virus if not completely stop it,” Cohen said. “The drug could potentially eliminate the virus on its own or just sufficiently slow its reproduction so that the body can ultimately clear it. It's like taking an antibiotic for a viral infection.”
Cohen and his team, who presented their work at the 255th National Meeting & Exposition of the American Chemical Society, have spent two years developing a better drug that “would serve as a wrench in the virus' replication works,” according to UCSD, which reported that the team received funding from the National Institutes of Health.
“We modified our small-molecule drug so that it would bind to both manganese ions simultaneously,” Cohen explained, adding that he tested the molecule on a protein called RNA polymerase.
“The modification dramatically improved the potency of the compound over previous drugs we created,” he said. “The team is hopeful that in the coming months, it will be just as effective when they challenge the whole influenza virus with the molecule.”
The team's potential breakthrough comes in the midst of what “has been a bad flu season with a highly infectious, aggressive strain, and the inoculation does not appear to be working well,” Cohen noted. “It makes the population, particularly the young and the elderly, vulnerable to serious illness or even death from the simple flu.”
Since the start of the 2017-18 flu season last October, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has reported nearly 66,000 positive tests for the virus in the United States, resulting in hundreds of deaths.
In San Diego County, the total of influenza-related deaths had reached 302 as of the first week of March, out of nearly 19,000 confirmed cases. At the same time last year, 68 deaths were reported.
Liberty Shoes Ltd. as a responsible corporate, participated in a noble CSR initiative BETI BACHAO BETI PADHAO
of the Haryana Government and have contributed in its own way to make the Girls attend schools on a regular basis and get better education.
At the event organized by Liberty Shoes Ltd. at Karnal, Sh. Sanjeev Kaushal, (IAS) Additional Chief Secretary to Govt. of Haryana has presided over the event for organizing the various welfare activities under CSR initiatives of Liberty Shoes Limited for uplifting the life of poor and needy Girl students specially.
Mitochondria, best known for their role as cellular power plants, perform numerous vital tasks in the cell. During cell respiration, reactive oxygen species can be formed in mitochondria. If these are present in excess, their high reactivity leads to irreparable damage to important cellular components. This so-called oxidative stress is assumed to play a causal role in many diseases and in ageing processes. In low concentrations, however, reactive oxygen species can also act as important second messengers in the cell. Here, specific, so-called redox-active thiols in distinct proteins are modified. This type of oxidative modification is reversible and, like a nano-switch, can regulate the function of a protein.
A German-Polish research team led by Prof. Dr. Bettina Warscheid from the University of Freiburg and Prof. Dr. Agnieszka Chacinska from the Centre of New Technologies in Warsaw/Poland has discovered a new mechanism that enables mitochondria with impaired redox balance to regulate the synthesis of new proteins in the cytoplasm. The mitochondria use reactive oxygen species as signal to slow down the cellular protein synthesis machinery. The study was published in the current issue of the scientific journal Nature Communications.
Using quantitative mass spectrometry, Dr. Ida Suppanz from Warscheid's research group first determined the redox state of thiols in thousands of proteins of the baker's yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. She discovered so far unknown redox-active thiols in components of the ribosomes at which new proteins are synthesized.
Dr. Ulrike Topf from Chacinska's group observed that increased levels of reactive oxygen species inhibit protein synthesis. Using biochemical and cell biological methods, she showed that damaged mitochondria can signal their metabolic state to the protein synthesis machinery via reactive oxygen species and, thereby, slow down cellular protein synthesis. It is assumed that the temporary reduction of the protein synthesis rate under oxidative stress has a positive effect on the survival of the cells as it is believed to help to restore cellular homeostasis. This also prevents the cell from synthesizing proteins that cannot be taken up by damaged mitochondria, which, as a consequence, accumulate in the cytoplasm and thus need to be degraded. Researches of Warscheid's and Chacinska's teams explained how the cell reacts to such a protein accumulation in 2015 in the journal Nature (press release: http://www. pr. uni-freiburg. de/ pm-en/ 2015/ pm. 2015-08-13. 119-en ).
###
Furthermore, the researchers were able to show that this newly discovered regulatory mechanism does not only exist in yeast, but also in human cells. Knowledge on how dysfunctional mitochondria communicate with other cellular components can help to elucidate the mechanisms of age-related and neurodegenerative diseases in the future.
Bettina Warscheid is head of the department of Biochemistry - Functional Proteomics, Institute of Biology II, and member of the Excellence Cluster BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies at the University of Freiburg. Ida Suppanz is a postdoctoral fellow in the group of Bettina Warscheid.
Original publication:
Ulrike Topf*, Ida Suppanz*, Lukasz Samluk, Lidia Wrobel, Alexander Böser, Paulina Sakowska, Bettina Knapp, Martyna K. Pietrzyk, Agnieszka Chacinska# & Bettina Warscheid#. Quantitative proteomics identifies redox switches for global translation modulation by mitochondrially produced reactive oxygen species (2018). Nature Communications. DOI: 10.1038/s41467-017-02694-8. (*#These authors contributed equally.)
BOONVILLE — The Starmount Lady Rams softball team earned an important conference win on Friday night over the East Wilkes Cardinals. Coming into the game, Starmount was sitting in fourth place while the Cardinals were sitting in third. The Lady Rams came out swinging and put down a hard-hitting fifth-inning performance to take a 7-1 win over East Wilkes.
Starmount was able to come out swinging in the bottom of the first inning, as the Lady Rams put two runners on base and scored one run. Emma Greene found a hit to shortstop, which brought courtesy runner Cambria Bowen into score.
With the score 1-0, it took until the fifth inning for either team to make it across home plate. Lauren Rakes was intentionally walked for the Cardinals, and Jenna Bullard was brought to the plate. Bullard hit the first pitch she saw for a triple to center field, which brought Rakes across the plate. The score was tied 1-1 heading into the bottom of the fifth inning.
The Lady Rams put their heads into the game in the bottom of the inning, as they put down an impressive performance in the batter's box. Kayla Vanhoy started things off for the Rams with a single to shortstop. With no outs and a runner on first, Salem Finney sent the ball into left field for a triple which scored the runner.
Finney remained on third for the next two batters as Rakes put down a strikeout, then Greene was hit by a pitch. With runners on the corners, Greene stole second to put runners in scoring position. Shea Triplett stepped up to the plate for the Rams, and on a 0-1 count she hit the ball into center field to bring Finney and Greene across the plate.
Starmount now had a 4-1 lead over the Cardinals, and the Rams showed no signs of slowing down as the game went on. In the bottom of the sixth inning, Finney doubled to bring Lela Stringer and Bowen into score. Finney was brought in two batters later as Greene doubled for the Rams. Starmount was able to score three runs in the bottom of the sixth to take a 7-1 lead over East Wilkes.
The Cardinals were able to put two runners on base in the top of the seventh inning, but the Lady Rams were able to come up with tree outs before a run could score. At the end of the game, Starmount had taken a 7-1 conference win over the Cardinals.
On the mound for the Rams, Kayla Vanhoy had six strikeouts, allowed five hits, four walks, and one run.
East Wilkes' Lauren Rakes had seven strikeouts, six hits, four runs, and one walk. Alexis Lester had one strikeout, three hits, three runs, and one walk.
With the win, Starmount and East Wilkes are both 8-4 in the Mountain Valley Athletic Conference. Starmount will host North Wilkes (5-7) on Wednesday night, while East Wilkes will travel to Wilkes Central (5-7).
The Lady Rams took a 7-1 win over East Wilkes on Friday night. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0305.jpg The Lady Rams took a 7-1 win over East Wilkes on Friday night. Kristian Russell | The Tribune
An East Texas family has made a generous donation to help two people in need.
After Chris Holman's dog Roshe had her first litter of puppies, Holman said he thought long and hard about who they were meant for.
“I thought, well, you know, we better give the other dog to help someone that can benefit from a service animal,” says Holman.
The Holman family thought of Kooper,11, who has Periventricular Leukomalacia and Cerebral Palsy.
"Of course it's going to be awesome for Kooper,” says Jessica Csy, Kooper's mother. “It will be extremely beneficial, but that in turn makes it extremely beneficial as parents for us."
Friday afternoon, as Kooper met his new best friend, the Holman's last remaining puppy was trying out for an honorable role as well.
"I read an article about how service dogs were improving the lives of veterans,” says Holman. “It touched me and I thought you know we need to give one to be trained to be a service dog for a veteran."
Bonnie Hoard, is the training director for Patriot Paws, a non-profit that provides service dogs to veterans free of charge. Before accepting the Holman's puppy into the Patriot Paws program, Hoard came to their home to make sure the dog was fit to serve a veteran.
"The test that I put before her everything to scare her it didn't really phase her,” says Hoard. “She went back a couple times which is normal, but she came back and investigated which is exactly what we're looking for."
Hoard says service animals have to be brave, and able to deal with the many noises and distractions of the real world.
Training a service animal can cost upwards of $30,000, so Hoard says the Holman's donation will help cut costs, so they can help more veterans.
Kooper's family is still looking for an organization to train his new service dog, so they have started a GoFundMe to cover the cost.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
The residents of a Chinese city reportedly were spooked when the water in a nearby river turned bright red for no apparent reason.
The waters of Xiangbi River that flows through the Sichuan province of China suddenly turned red, sparking concerns among the residents of the city of Yibin and prompting the authorities to launch an investigation, Chengdu Business Daily newspaper reports.
The cause of the incident reportedly turned out to be paint, which was accidentally spilled into the river by workers at a local packaging plant.
According to the newspaper, the paint itself is water-based and non-toxic, thus posing no threat to the locals, especially considering that they do not use the river as a source of drinking water.
The authorities, however, launched a probe into the packaging company, which may be fined for this incident.
READ MORE: And the Rivers Ran Red: Siberian Waterway Changes Color
Earlier in 2016, a similar phenomenon was observed in Siberia, near the Russian city of Norilsk, where a local smelting plant had discharged industrial waste into the Daldykan River.
Wide receiver Terrelle Pryor, one of the top free agents still available, is scheduled to visit the New York Jets on Tuesday, according to the NFL Network's Ian Rapoport.
Several teams have shown interest in Pryor, including the Seattle Seahawks, who were scheduled to meet with him on Monday.
He had a disappointing season with the Washington Redskins in 2017, catching only 20 passes for 240 yards and one touchdown after he signed a one-year, $8 million contract. That was a major drop-off in production after he erupted for 77 receptions for 1,007 yards and four scores the previous season with the Cleveland Browns.
Pryor briefly spent time with the Seahawks, who acquired him in 2014 for a seventh-round draft pick. A quarterback at the time, Pryor was among Seattle's final cuts that year because, according to coach Pete Carroll, he did not want to move to wide receiver.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
President Barack Obama starts the new year by dusting off his Twitter account, sending off a series of messages about his accomplishments as president.
“As we look ahead to the future, I wanted to take a moment to look back on the remarkable progress that you made possible these past 8 years,” he wrote on his POTUS Twitter account that his staff set up in 2015.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Obama proceeded to share some charts.
One showing the end of the financial crisis and the job gains that were made under his administration as well as a jump of people who signed up for health insurance under the individual mandate required by Obamacare. He also boasted that under his administration, the country's dependence on foreign oil was cut by more than a half, thanks to his clean energy policies.
“[W]e acted on a global scale to save the one planet we've got,” he said, referring to his Paris Climate agreement.
Despite campaigning as a supporter of marriage being between one man and one woman, Obama took credit for “realizing marriage equality.”
Obama also celebrated his record of foreign policy.
“We brought home more of our troops & strengthened U.S. leadership—leading with diplomacy & partnering with nations to meet global problems,” he wrote, despite the ongoing conflicts with Islamic terrorist groups like ISIS.
The president has previewed a farewell speech in Chicago, in which he will look back on his legacy and his path forward as a citizen.
“It's been the privilege of my life to serve as your President,” he wrote on Twitter. “I look forward to standing with you as a citizen. Happy New Year everybody.”
EDWARDSVILLE, Ill. — David McFarland scored 15 points, including a dunk to give SIU-Edwardsville a 10-point lead with a minute-and-a-half left to play, and the Cougars knocked Jacksonville State out of a three-way tie for third place in the Ohio Valley Conference with a 75-67 upset victory Saturday afternoon.
The victory snaps a season-long five-game home court losing streak for the Cougars and is just the third victory in eight games all-time against Jacksonville State, which entered the contest tied with Tennessee Tech and Austin Peay, a game back of second-place Murray State and two games behind conference leader Belmont.
Malcolm Drumwright answered McFarland's dunk with two free throws and Norbertas Giga dunked with 1:06 left go get the Gamecocks within six points, but the Cougars closed the game out by going six-for-six from the free throw line.
Keenan Simmons and Jalen Henry scored 14 and 13 points, respectively, for SIU-Edwardsville (8-15, 4-8).
PARIS French food group Danone (DANO.PA) on Thursday raised its forecast for earnings per share (EPS) growth in 2017, having now closed its $12.5 billion acquisition of U.S. organic food producer WhiteWave foods Co.
The world's largest yoghurt maker, with brands including Actimel and Activia, made the prediction as weak dairy sales in Europe and Brazil held back sales growth in the first quarter.
Danone unveiled in July 2016 plans to buy WhiteWave - maker of Silk almond milk and Earthbound Farm Organic salad - in its largest acquisition since 2007, a move it said would double the size of its U.S. business. The deal finally closed April 12.
"2017 is a year of construction that will strengthen Danone as an even more resilient company, best prepared to seize tomorrow's opportunities," CEO Emmanuel Faber said in a statement.
Whitewave's products have outperformed mainstream packaged food businesses in recent years as they are in line with a consumer shift toward natural foods and healthier eating and should help Danone as it struggles with challenging conditions in dairy in Europe and babyfood in China.
Danone said on Thursday it was now targeting double-digit recurring EPS at constant exchange rates and moderate like-for-like sales growth for 2017.
In February, Danone had said it was targeting earnings per share growth of above 5 percent in 2017, excluding WhiteWave, having achieved growth of 9.3 percent in 2016.
Danone also reported a 0.7 percent rise in first-quarter underlying sales to 5.46 billion euros ($5.88 billion).
The quarterly performance was in line with the company-compiled average of 18 analyst estimates of 0.6 percent like-for-like growth in group sales.
It however marked a sharp slowdown from 2.1 percent growth in the fourth quarter 2016 and also came well below the 2.3 percent reported earlier in the day by Swiss rival Nestle and the 2.9 percent achieved by Unilever (ULVR.L).
The modest performance reflected mostly a 2.3 percent fall in dairy division sales, which makes the bulk of group revenue.
"In Europe sales continued to be impacted by difficult market conditions and problems with the relaunch of Activia while consumption trends worsened in Brazil," Finance Chief Cecile Cabanis said.
She predicted dairy division sales would still be low single negative in the second quarter and "flattish" in the full year.
(Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Geert De Clercq and Elaine Hardcastle)
College Station Mayor Karl Mooney on WTAW
City of College Station Mayor Karl Mooney discussed their strategic planning meeting, ETJ, workforce education and training, residential development, and more during his regular appearance on The Infomaniacs on Wednesday, February 15.
Click below to hear Karl Mooney visiting with WTAW's Scott DeLucia.
KarlMooney021517
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A lawyer for former residential school students excluded from a national apology in 2008 says Justin Trudeau will be in Labrador on Nov. 24 to apologize.
Steven Cooper says the Prime Minister's Office has confirmed he'll be in Goose Bay for an event that's expected to include about 300 people.
About 1,000 class-action members accepted a $50-million package from the federal government to settle claims of abuse and cultural losses.
A spokesperson for Trudeau could not be immediately reached.
Factbox on Pakistan test captain Misbah-ul-Haq, who will quit international cricket after three-test series in West Indies beginning later this month.
* Born: May 28, 1974, Mianwali, Pakistan.
* Made his test debut against New Zealand in 2001, scoring 28 and 10 in Auckland.
* He went on to play 72 tests for Pakistan and scored 4951 runs with a 45-plus average, hitting 10 centuries and 36 fifties.
* He was appointed as test captain ahead of two-test series against South Africa at Abu Dhabi in 2010 after predecessor Salman Butt was suspended and later jailed on spot-fixing charges.
* He is also Pakistan's most successful test captain, having led the side to 24 wins in 53 matches. Pakistan, for the first time, also occupied top test rankings last year under his captaincy.
* The top order batsman also played 162 One-day internationals and 39 Twenty20 internationals before retiring from the limited-over formats after the 2015 ODI World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
* Scored an unbeaten 161 against India in 2007 at Kolkata to save the follow-on and draw the test match.
* He was named one of Wisden's five Cricketers of the Year on Wednesday along with compatriot Younis Khan and English trio Ben Duckett, Chris Woakes and Toby Roland-Jones.
* He recorded a 56-ball hundred against Australia in 2014 -- then the joint fastest a hundred in Tests, sharing the record with Viv Richards.
* He registered 10 test series wins as a captain, which is the most by an Asian skipper. The next best among Pakistan captains is eight by Javed Miandad.
(Compiled by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
× Bellingham climber's body recovered from glacier
SEDRO WOOLLEY, Wash. — The body of a 61-year-old Bellingham woman and mountaineer has been recovered from a glacier in North Cascades National Park.
North Cascades National Park Service spokeswoman Denise Shultz says search and rescue personnel from North Cascades and Mount Rainier national parks recovered Susan Bennett's body Saturday.
Bennett died July 22 in a fall while rappelling from Forbidden Peak, one of the region's most treacherous rock faces. She was with a group of climbers who had reached the summit.
Her body was located in a crevasse on the Forbidden Glacier, which required technical teams to recover.
Recovery efforts were initially hampered by weather, location and unstable crevasse conditions. Shultz says weather and conditions finally cooperated Saturday.
Forbidden Peak is east of Marblemount along Highway 20, in the area of Cascade Pass.
The newly redesigned and roomier Volkswagen Tiguan Allspace is a weirdly named, but worthy rival to the Skoda Kodiaq, says Charles Rangely-Wilson.
Last year, I was bowled over by Skoda's first SUV, the Kodiaq. Named after the island and its bears, the Kodiaq was, so the Czech car-makers claimed, large, powerful, protective of its family and good across rough terrain. Get it? Like a bear! Although, happily, not even slightly short-tempered, short-sighted or with a penchant for salmon. Such was the big Skoda's blend of innovation and competence, I don't suppose it would have mattered what they called it – the Ducq, the Yaq – the car would still have sold like hot caqes.
Although the Skoda was technically an SUV and thus a rival to snazzier motors with pedigree – the Audi Q7, the Land Rover Discovery – it was also, I felt, a subtly unique proposition, lightweight and car-like to drive, but with a cavernous interior perfect for mucky dogs, beach balls and 10 tons of shopping.
When Volkswagen (VW) launched the Tiguan Allspace a few months later, I was more than keen to try the friendly bear's most obvious rival, even if Tiguan is a weirder nomen-clature: a blend of tiger and iguana, it conjures a less obvious set of epithets. Likes to hang out in trees? Eats goats? Never mind. The car is an intriguing alternative to the Skoda – it's also spacious, easy to drive, an SUV, but not as we know it, Jim.
The Tiguan has been VW's junior SUV for a decade or more, but not until now in a seven-seat incarnation. Now, its chassis has been lengthened by 11cm (4in), enough to create an agreeable chunk of extra legroom behind the driver and a sense of space throughout. As with the Skoda, the rear seats can also be tilted back, easing the strain of long journeys for taller passengers.
Having built the car to take a third row of seats, my view is that VW should have left them out and launched a usefully capacious car-like SUV. If you have a tribe of youngsters, you may think differently, but the Tiguan's extra seats – described by VW as occasional – contrive to shrink the boot space even when flat, perhaps subtracting something more useful than what they add. The Skoda's boot floor, by contrast, remains helpfully flat when the extra row is folded away.
Elsewhere, the VW's interior does, of course, possess more pizzazz – it's also a much nicer place to sit than any of its Japanese semi-rivals, such the Nissan X-Trail. Frugally functional, as is the Kodiaq, the plastics, the upholstery, the switch-gear, fixtures and fittings nevertheless give the Tiguan a more luxurious feel. In SEL trim, with ambient lighting and kinky seats that massage you, the spacious people's wagon is positively luxe, calme et volupté.
To drive, there's absolutely nothing to complain about, even if there's nothing much to write home about either. The Tiguan has light, neutral steering and a ride that strikes a good compromise between control and comfort. There's a less powerful and a more powerful version of the 190bhp engine that I tried, but I liked what I was given. Mated to a DSG gearbox, the car rowed along nicely, was quiet once on the move and returned a real-world 41mpg.
Which of these should one take, as Shakespeare's Edmund infamously asked himself? The bear or the lizard-cat? Extra luggage or premium economy? Both are very good. It may simply come down to how large and messy your dog is.
On the road: Volkswagen Tiguan Allspace 2.0 TDI 4MOTION 190PS DSG
Priced: From £36,155
Combined fuel consumption: 48mpg (41mpg as driven)
Power: 187bhp
0–60mph: 8.6sec
Top speed: 130mph
Green Waterproofing Products Market: Overview
Rapid urbanization and increase in industrialization has impacted the construction industry and in turn the environment across the globe. Rise in concerns over the harmful effect of construction processes and products have prompted consumers to adopt ecofriendly products. Green waterproofing products, among others, have gained significant impetus from this trend. Thus, the global market for green waterproofing products has been expanding significantly.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/green-waterproofing-products-market.html
In terms of region, the market for green waterproofing products has been segmented into Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America. Significant increase rise in construction activities, propelled by the rise in urbanization as well as industrialization, has fueled the demand for green waterproofing products in Asia Pacific.
Waterproofing products are chemical compounds that are blended with other chemical constituents to provide a barrier against leakage. These also improve the durability of finished products. These chemicals are used as additives and admixtures with several other materials including mortar, cement, paints, plastics, inks, and detergents. Natural waterproofing products include quartz and crystalline silica. Synthetic chemicals include polysulfide, polyethylene, polyurethane, and acrylates. Waterproofing products enhance the water-repelling properties of finished products when used as additives in the processing of polymers, paints, and coatings.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=17018
Green Waterproofing Products Market: Dynamics and Trends
Demand for green waterproofing products is rising due to the emphasis on environment-friendly construction products across the world. Investment in
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A FORMER reality TV contestant says he will have to undergo facial after alleging he was the victim of a coward punch in Perth on the weekend.
Cameron Cranley, who appeared on the Bachelorette back in 2016, posted on his Instagram account a photo showing a severely bruised eye.
He also shared an image of an MRI scan which has revealed he has a fractured temple, eye socket and cheek.
The 28-year-old said he needs to undergo surgery to have a metal plate inserted in his face.
The Perth-based reality star was tipped to front this year's The Bachelor that ended up going to another West Aussie favourite in former Western Force player Nick ‘Honey Badger Cummins.
Camera Icon Cameron Cranley posted this shot of his bruised eye on Instagram and said he faces surgery this week. Picture: @camcranley/Instagram
Cranley, a fireman by trade, wrote on Instagram:
“Thanks for the love guys. You are all amazing and im getting back to as many of you as i can now! Surgery is on Friday to make me robocop. Sore but still smiling.”
Camera Icon Cameron Cranley and Tahlia Cranley out in Perth in September last year. Picture: Matt Jelonek
Cranley has filed a report with police to try to track down the stranger he says hit him.
March 30 Thorn Group Ltd
* Update on class action
* Thorn Australia Pty Limited will defend claim in ordinary course of class action process
* confirms that a statement of claim has now been served on Thorn Australia Pty Limited, a subsidiary of company
* It is anticipated that process could take a significant length of time (perhaps years) to run its course
* refers to announcement with respect to a class action in connection with past lending practices of thorn group of companies Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The death has occurred of Jimmy Sloan of North Commons, Carlingford, Louth
Peacefully at Our Lady Of Lourdes Hospital, Drogheda. Predeceased by his parents James and Rosie and brothers Willie and Hughie.
Very deeply regretted by his beloved sister Betsy, nieces Christina and Carol, nephews Albert and Raymond, relatives and friends. Also by Sean and Rose and family.
Reposing at his residence. Removal tomorrow evening (Thursday) to St. Michael's Church, Carlingford arriving for Evening Prayers at 7.00pm.
Funeral Mass on Friday morning at 11.00am. Burial afterwards in St. Michael's Cemetery.
House private please.
Family flowers only, donations, if desired, to North Louth Palitive Care.
May He Rest In Peace
​​​There are too many excellent (and crazy) advice columns to keep up with, so we're committed to bringing you links to the best advice column questions and answers every week. Here's a roundup of the most interesting, thought-provoking and surprising questions that our favorite columnists addressed in recent days.​​
How Can I Get My Friend To Stop Dating Criminals?
I'm worried about a close friend I have known for about 10 years. She's well-educated, independent and family-oriented. She has been online dating for quite a while and continually meets guys who have criminal backgrounds.
She dated one of them on the down low for two years because she was embarrassed by how he behaved in public. The most recent man served a 16-year prison sentence for being involved in a murder...
I have voiced my concerns. I asked her what she'd say to me if the tables were turned, and her responses mimic the concern I show her. I suggested she try a different website or mode of meeting potential partners, but it hasn't made a difference.
I believe in second chances up to a point, but now I'm genuinely worried for her safety. Is there anything else I can do to convince her to have safer boundaries?
Abigail Van Buren offers a quintessential "Dear Abby" aphorism: "Until your friend admits to herself that she's fishing for trout in the wrong stream, she'll continue to reel in sharks." Read the rest of her answer.
[UExpress]
How Should I Respond To The Itemized Bill My Mom Sent Me After A Visit From My Daughter?
I sent a check for $300 to my mother to cover my daughter's expenses during her visit. Upon my daughter's return, my mother sent me an invoice for $475.50 for additional expenses, including the cost of gas to and from the airport to transport her (45 minutes away), train tickets to go to the city to a museum, and the cost of the museum admission. It was an itemized bill.
This is hurtful, as this past winter my mother came to live with us for four months and we paid for everything, including a nice vacation to an island over Christmas. (Neither of my siblings has a relationship with my mother because she is petty and doesn't respect boundaries — like a $300 budget).
How do I address her behavior? I am hurt and angry by her decision to charge me for gas to pick up her granddaughter from the airport, as well as the other expenses. My mother is a single woman (a retired college professor), and we have never asked her to pay for anything. We even write her a check for groceries when she hosts Thanksgiving dinner.
Amy Dickinson of "Ask Amy" recommends that the letter writer "communicate your questions and concerns to your mother" before "mak[ing] the tough decision about future visits." Read the rest of her answer.
[Tribune Content Agency]
Can I Give My Wife An Expensive Ring On The Condition That She Not Leave It To Her Daughter?
My wife and I have an anniversary coming up. It's the second marriage for both of us and has been a blessing. I'd like to give her a nice piece of jewelry to mark the event.
But here's the situation. Her daughter, as a teenager, resented her mom's marriage to me. For several years it was brutal. We have managed a reconciliation of sorts, now that she is 20-something, but I'll never be part of her "inner circle." I'm fine with this. It allows for an amiable family setting.
But I have five adult children of my own and 12 grandkids. Because of these separate pasts, we have kept our "assets" separate.
So, finally: Would it be unacceptable for me to request that my wife agree to bequeath a fine piece of jewelry to one of my progeny rather than to her daughter?
Carolyn Hax rules that it's not really a gift if it has strings attached and suggests, "Maybe you'd like to treat your wife to a romantic vacation for your anniversary?" Read the rest of her answer.
[The Washington Post]
Do I Have To Continue Letting My Rude Neighbor's Son Use My Pool?
My neighbor's son is in a wheelchair and cannot vocalize. I have allowed them to use my pool for several years now and help the caregiver lift the son into the pool. The mother and the caregiver discuss politics, knowing my political affiliation differs from theirs; they are generally critical and negative. The mother stores pool equipment at our place — I have hinted that she should take it with her, but she insists on storing it here. When we had to replace the liner, she was very upset that a contractor was working on the pool for two days. Two years ago, I decorated with Christmas lights so her son could enjoy them. Last year I couldn't, due to Christmas activities at our church, and she e-mailed me asking why the lights weren't up. I understand what the Bible says about loving your neighbors. But how much bad behavior must we endure to make someone happy?
Robin Abrahams, who writes the Boston Globe's "Miss Conduct" column, advises the letter writer to "Figure out what will make pool-sharing more pleasant for you next summer, and ready yourself to have that conversation." Read the rest of her answer.
[The Boston Globe]
How Can I Make Sure My Friendly Acquaintance Finds Out I'm Dating Her Ex-Husband?
Several years ago, I had an exciting-but-short-lived affair with an acquaintance ("Alex") whose wife (also an acquaintance, let's call her "Emily") had recently left him for another man... [H]is divorce finalized, my divorce finalized, and I struck up more of a friendship with Emily (yes, partially because I am a flawed human who is drawn to self-destructive situations, but partially because she is a nice person who I genuinely enjoy). I would not go as far as calling us friends, but we do exchange polite texts and meet up for coffee every once in a while.
More recently, I've reconnected with Alex, and he and I are having a really nice time together. Our relationship is private but not secretive — we're out and about publicly and often enough that anyone could safely assume that we are together.
The problem: Either Emily isn't so inclined, or she legitimately doesn't care. It's been months, and she hasn't so much as alluded to the relationship to either of us... I have dreamed up the pettiest and most frivolous ways to tell her about his affair and our current relationship, but Alex assures me that no good can come of it, and that whatever satisfaction I draw from her revelation would likely double his grief trying to co-parent with her. I know he's right, but ugh.
What do you think? A casual selfie of us on Instagram? Or should I go full crazy and tape an anonymous note to her door? I'm only kidding, of course, but I do desperately want to tell this woman how goddamn sexy I find her ex. Why can't I let it go?
Mallory Ortberg, the current incarnation of Dear Prudence, asks the letter writer, "Why on earth would she notice whether you've been getting dinner a lot with the same guy lately?" and also theorizes that perhaps the letter writer has an unacknowledged crush on Emily. Read the rest of her answer.
[Slate]
Must I Call My New Employee 'Mrs. Stark,' Even Though Everyone Else Goes By Their First Name?
I recently hired a new employee in my 7-person department... She started this week and as I usually do, I took her around and introduced her to everyone as "Catelyn" (as we called her in the interview). At the end of the day, I brought her into my office to see how things were going and if she had any questions. I was slightly taken aback when she said she preferred to be called Mrs. Stark and not Catelyn.
Normally, I am fine with people's name preferences (e.g., nicknames), but we have a very informal office. Everyone from the receptionist to the CEO are called by their first names here. Her previous employer (whom she was with for over 10 years) had a much more formal workplace and I assume that is the way things were done there. I tried to explain how we do things, but she said it was what she was used to. I told her it's not the norm but we could try it and see (maybe not the best way to handle it — I was just stumped)...
I don't want to get off on the wrong foot by making her uncomfortable but I do see this as an issue. We deal with outside clients often who know us as casual. It just seems odd to have a meeting where I introduce the group, "Renly, this is my team: Robb, Bran, and Mrs. Stark." And I worry she will become a sort of joke and I don't want that at all. Any thoughts on how to approach this without it sounding like an edict?
Ask A Manager's Alison Green says that it's not unreasonable for the boss to insist that the letter writer use her first name in meetings with clients. Read the rest of her answer (and a follow-up from the letter writer).
[Ask A Manager]
UCLA researchers have discovered the inner workings of a gene network that regulates the development of spinal motor neurons in the growing chicken and mouse embryo. The research also answers a long-standing question about why motor neurons, the nerve cells of the spinal cord that control muscle movement, form much faster than other types of neurons.
The study was published in the journal PLOS Biology by co-senior author Bennett Novitch, member of the Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Research at UCLA and collaborators from the Francis Crick Institute in London, U.K. It has important implications for facilitating the production of motor neurons from stem cells in the lab. Stem cell-derived motor neurons could be used to repair the diseased or damaged spinal cord and to study neurodegenerative diseases such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (also known as Lou Gehrig's disease) and spinal muscular atrophy.
"This study provides an unprecedented detailed view of how embryos produce the different cell types found in the mature spinal cord," said Novitch, UCLA's Ethel Scheibel Professor of Neurobiology. "The new experimental techniques we used, combined with collaborative efforts of biologists and computer scientists, are allowing us to gain new insight into the exquisite accuracy of embryonic development."
During embryonic development of the spinal cord, different types of nerve cells are formed from precursor cells, called neural progenitors. It has been known for a long time that different types of neurons form at differing speeds during development, with motor neurons forming faster than the other types of nerve cells that populate the spinal cord. However, researchers didn't know why or how motor neurons develop this way.
The research team used the latest molecular techniques to assess how the activity of genes change as neurons form. This was achieved using an approach called single cell transcriptional profiling, which allows the activity of all genes in individual cells to be measured simultaneously. This gave the team snapshots of global gene activity in about 200 cells that were in the process of becoming motor neurons. To analyze these data, the team developed custom computer software to reconstruct how gene activity changes as motor neurons form.
The analysis suggested that a protein produced by a gene called Olig2, which is only expressed in the neural progenitors that create motor neurons, promotes motor neuron formation by interfering with the activity of several members of another gene family--the Hes genes. The Hes genes are known to prevent the development of neurons. The researchers confirmed Olig2's role in promoting motor neuron formation by increasing or blocking the function of Olig2 in the spinal cords of developing mouse and chicken embryos, as well as during motor neuron formation in mouse embryonic stem cells.
"During embryonic development, the nervous system is constructed following a precise blueprint, with key parts forming at precise times and places, and appropriate numbers. Our research sheds light into how this process is orchestrated specifically for motor neuron development," said Novitch.
###
The research was funded by the National Institute for Neurological Disease and Stroke, the March of Dimes Foundation, the Whitehall Foundation and the UCLA Broad Stem Cell Research Center.
Celebrity Chef Neven Maguire will be cooking up his treats amid the opulent surroundings of Kilronan Castle between Ballyfarnon and Keadue on the evening of Wednesday 1st March, 2017 at 8 p.m.
It is all in aid of Ardcarne Community Child Care Services and Cootehall National School. Not only will Neven be showing us how to prepare delicious dishes, there will also be a local food and enterprise exhibition from 7 p.m. where over 30 local food producers and businesses will display their products and show what is available locally.
Tickets cost €20 which includes complimentary wine & canapes. Tickets are currently on sale in Mulveys House of Gifts, Carrick-on-Shannon, Boyle Motor Works (McDonaghs Garage), Surprises/Better Buys, Boyle, Jennys Corner Shop Cootehall, Knockvicar PO or by contacting Kilronan Castle on 071-9618000.
A ticket for this wonderful event would be the ideal gift for Mothers Day.
To win tickets to the event simply answer the question and send your name, address and phone number to leitrimobservercomp@gmail.com
Make sure you put Neven Maguire competition in the subject line.
What is the name of Neven Maguire's restaurant in Blacklion?
The winner will be notified by phone.
Best of luck.
The 7th Annual June Jaunt in Great Bend will be packed full of entertainment this weekend. The Annual Media Challenge featuring the Great Bend Tribune against Eagle Radio kicked off the festival Wednesday morning at Jack Kilby Square.
For a third year in a row, the team from the Eagle Media Center won the competition that consisted of a variety of games. The 2018 Championship marked the third consecutive year Eagle has brought home the trophy.
The writers and the talkers participated in four challenges including, jumbo pong, crazy waitress, jello-eating contest, and the Saran Wrap Ball battle.
Eagle improves to 3-2 in the Media Challenge.
View the schedule of events for this weekend's June Jaunt at Explore Great Bend Facebook page.
https://www.facebook.com/ExploreGreatBend/videos/2482322655127394/
Newcastle University scientists have created the first 3D-printed human corneas using a combination of human cells, alginate, and collagen, potentially creating an “unlimited supply” of corneas to treat blindness for millions of people.
“It means the technique could be used in the future to ensure an unlimited supply of corneas,” claimed the University of Newcastle. “As the outermost layer of the human eye, the cornea has an important role in focusing vision. Yet there is a significant shortage of corneas available to transplant, with 10 million people worldwide requiring surgery to prevent corneal blindness as a result of diseases such as trachoma, an infectious eye disorder.”
The university explained that human corneal stromal cells from a donor were “mixed together with alginate and collagen to create a solution that could be printed,” known as “bio-ink.”
“Using a simple low-cost 3D bio-printer, the bio-ink was successfully extruded in concentric circles to form the shape of a human cornea. It took less than 10 minutes to print,” they proclaimed. “The stem cells were then shown to culture – or grow.”
In a statement, Professor Che Connon declared, “Many teams across the world have been chasing the ideal bio-ink to make this process feasible.”
“Our unique gel — a combination of alginate and collagen — keeps the stem cells alive whilst producing a material which is stiff enough to hold its shape but soft enough to be squeezed out the nozzle of a 3D printer,” he detailed. “This builds upon our previous work in which we kept cells alive for weeks at room temperature within a similar hydrogel. Now we have a ready to use bio-ink containing stem cells allowing users to start printing tissues without having to worry about growing the cells separately.”
The professor added that the corneas “will now have to undergo further testing and it will be several years before we could be in the position where we are using them for transplants.”
“However, what we have shown is that it is feasible to print corneas using coordinates taken from a patient eye and that this approach has potential to combat the world-wide shortage,” Connon concluded.
A couple of local dads have started their own pedophile patrol, busting those who prey on children.
A couple of local dads have started their own pedophile patrol, busting those who prey on children. For the past couple of months, they have posted videos on Facebook of those confrontations.
This week, one of those confrontations led to an arrest.
“She did say that she was that she was underage. I met her on a deal. What are we doing here if she's underage?”
That's a quote from a video showing 46-year-old Michael Gene Edwards admitting Monday he went to an Oklahoma City gas station to meet what he thought was a 15-year-old girl.
Turns out, it was a trap set by Oklahoma Pedophile Prevention (OPP).
Minutes after the confrontation began, police happened to pull up, found out what was happening and arrested Edwards on a charge of indecent lewd acts to a child.
News 9 went to the home Edwards shares with his mother. "What he does is his business what I do is my business,” she said. “He's 46 years old, I can't control him."
The dads who started OPP say they pose as teen girls to lure men into meeting with them, then show the confrontations on Facebook. In all, they've confronted eight predators since April.
"Thursday at 10 till Saturday afternoon we had 13 grown men ready to meet up with 15 or younger for sex or had talked about things in a sexual manner,” said J.T. with OPP.
Russell, who is also with OPP, added, "We've had a school janitor. We've had a registered nurse. We've had security guards."
J.T. said, "We would love to get them in jail. That's number one goal is got them off the streets so they can't hurt any more children. If we can't get them in jail the next best thing is exposing them."
Cops say that could be risky.
"These situations could be incredibly dangerous. We certainly don't recommend or ask for citizens to ever put themselves in a situation like this,” said Officer Megan Morgan with the OKC Police Department.
The OPP dads say it's a risk they're willing to take.
"We're not professional pedophile hunters.” JT explained, “We're a couple of dads that are putting ourselves in the position of, what would we do if it happened to our children?"
Click here to check out their videos.
× Man sentenced for posing as boy online, chatting explicitly with girls
VISTA, Calif. — A registered sex offender who posed online as a teenage boy and carried on sexually explicit conversations with a 16-year-old girl, then showed up at her Escondido home a day after his parole ended, was sentenced Wednesday to four years in state prison.
Rennard Cawkwell, 49, was convicted in March of contacting a minor with the intent to commit a sex crime and annoying or molesting a child.
Escondido police Lt. Ed Varso said the 16-year-old victim believed she was communicating online with a 17-year-old boy.
Varso said Cawkwell was released from parole and GPS monitoring in late March 2016, then the next day showed up at the girl's home. Her family and a neighbor thwarted Cawkwell's attempt to meet the victim and called police, triggering an investigation by detectives from the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force.
Prosecutors said Cawkwell was convicted in 2009 of preying on an 11- year-old girl online, engaging in sexual conversations then trying to meet her for sex.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lab technician with coeliac disease has criticised the army reserves after his application to join was rejected on medical grounds despite applying for the same job he does outside of the army.
Joe Strudwick, who has worked as a lab technician for 18 months, was confident his application to join the Reservists Field Hospital as a biomedical scientist based in Keynsham would be successful.
But the 25-year-old was devastated when he was barred from entry because of his coeliac disease – which means he cannot eat gluten.
To make matters worse, Mr Strudwick explained, the unit he was interested in joining knew all about his coeliac disease and still supported his application.
The biomedical science graduate explained he suffers from a mild form of coeliac disease which causes his skin to itch when he eats gluten.
“It's really on the mild spectrum of the disease in terms of reactions,” explained Mr Strudwick.
“I was upfront with them about it from the get-go. I explained that I hadn't applied yet because I was unsure about whether I could because of my coeliac disease.
“It is on the list of prescribed conditions, but there seems to be some discretion.
“For example the unit I wanted to join told me they knew of other sufferers within the army, and I know the army does cater for gluten free meals.
“It seems to be if you contract it when you're in then there's no problem.”
Top 5 Vegan foodie places to go to in Bath
Mr Strudwick originally wanted to join the regular army, but had to withdraw his application two years ago when he was involved in a car crash that affected his fitness.
He used his qualifications to start working as a lab technician in Bath and is well on the way to becoming a biomedical scientist – which is the same position he applied for within the army reserves.
“The unit that I want to join has even said my rejection was unfair because I already do the same job that I've been applying for.
“I was given an excuse about being an operational risk but I'm not buying that because if I was deployed I would be based in a field hospital far away from all of that.
“I've competed in the South West Military Challenge which is a three day army exercise hosted by the same unit I wanted to join.
Popular Bath restaurant to re-open serving only vegan dishes
“During the challenge they were able to cater to my needs and I completed it with no issues.
“The army caters for halal, vegetarians and provides gluten free food – so I just don't understand it.
“Joining the reserves is something I've wanted to do for a few years now because I'm really interested in the humanitarian work that they do.
“Members of the unit I want to join have done some amazing things. They were out in Sierra Leone helping with the Ebola crisis, and that's the kind of thing I want to get involved with – just helping people really.
“I've been told that the army judges each individual case on its merits, but they definitely haven't because my level of coeliac disease is very mild.”
Mr Strudwick is now going through an appeals process with the support of the unit he hopes to join.
If successful he will complete his training and hope to deploy with the Reservists Field Hospital in 2022.
The army has been approached for comment.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
FILE PHOTO: An anti-government demonstrator waves a Greek flag outside the parliament during a protest in Athens, Greece June 15, 2016. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis/File Photo
ATHENSGreece said on Tuesday it expects to wrap up talks with its foreign creditors on fiscal issues and reforms by May 22 to conclude a crucial bailout review which will open the way for the disbursement of vital loans that the country needs to get to repay debt.
Government spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos also said it wants an agreement on debt relief by then, the day when Eurogroup finance ministers meet in Brussels.
The Greek parliament will legislate on May 16 new measures agreed with international lenders.
(Reporting by Renee Maltezou and Lefteris Papadimas Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
The Fourth of July, Independence Day, is a good time not only for hot dogs and fireworks, but to reflect for a moment on what makes this country unique, the qualities that enabled it to become in some ways the most successful country in history, and to contemplate the extent to which those qualities still animate Americans.
It has been said that the United States is the only country founded on an idea, or a set of ideas, rather than on ethnic or racial similarities, kinship, conquest or the simple fact of a relatively homogeneous group of people living in the same geographic region for centuries. Those ideas are summed up in the Declaration of Independence, the document whose signing and promulgation we celebrate. In some ways it can lay claim to being the most revolutionary public document in human history.
Aspects of the idea that people are not just vassals of the powers that be, interchangeable cogs in the great machinery of society presided over by leaders who had by and large established themselves through conquest and pillage, had been growing for centuries before 1776. But the circumstances surrounding the decision of the colonists to separate from Great Britain offered the opportunity to summarize emerging principles in a uniquely eloquent manner.
“We hold these truths to be self-evident,” the Declaration proclaims, “that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness.” By “created equal,” of course, the founders were not so naïve as to believe that we were all equally tall, intelligent, beautiful or worthy, but that we have equal value in the sight of God or Natural Law and should receive equal treatment rather than preferences or punishment based on our status from government. Every human being has a certain inherent dignity, and decent people respect that.
It has become fashionable to talk of certain privileges or amenities bestowed by government as “rights,” but the Declaration is clear that people are “endowed by their Creator,” with certain rights, and that these rights exist prior to and take precedence over any claims by government. This was and still is truly revolutionary. The rights discussed — life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness — are genuine rights in that they can be exercised without impinging on the equal rights of other human beings.
So what is government's job in a system that recognizes unalienable rights? Simply “to secure these rights.” This implies a government of limited powers, for a government of unlimited powers will surely become a threat to rather than a securer of personal rights.
Our government has grown in scope, power and ambition far beyond the imaginings of those who put their lives on the line (and, in some cases, lost them) by signing the Declaration of Independence. Yet the spirit of independence, the healthy distrust of overweening government power, remains a stubborn American characteristic. Long may it thrive.
This editorial was written for July 4, 2009.
A church in western South Dakota is hosting security training this weekend as a result of the mass shooting at a Texas church earlier this month.
The training will be held at the church in Box Elder where participants will learn how to identify suspicious individuals and secure a facility should someone open fire.
Local police, who are helping organize the event, say interest in such training has increased dramatically after the shooting at a small church in Texas killing 25 people.
Source: Associated Press
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox! Name * First Last
Email *
(For accompanying report, click ) SHANGHAI, April 28 The following table shows suggested domestic asset allocations and market outlook provided by eight China-based funds surveyed for a monthly Reuters poll. For accompanying news, click Following are some details of the poll. 1) Suggested asset allocations by eight fund management companies over the next three months (in percent). The funds declined to be identified for their individual forecasts. Totals may not add up to exactly 100 percent due to rounding. FUND STOCKS BONDS CASH A 70 30 0 B 85 0 15 C 90 0 10 D 60 20 20 E 95 0 5 F 80 10 10 G 70 0 30 H 60 30 10 AVG 76.3 11.3 12.5 2) Monthly average recommendations for asset allocation in the next three months. Apr Mar Feb Jan Dec Nov Oct Sept Aug July June May Apr Mar STOCKS 76.3 79.4 81.9 82.1 78.1 76.9 72.5 68.1 71.9 76.3 76.9 71.9 69.4 71.3 BONDS 11.3 7.5 6.3 5.0 6.3 3.8 11.3 7.5 8.8 5.6 6.3 7.5 6.3 12.5 CASH 12.5 13.1 11.9 12.9 15.6 19.4 16.3 24.4 19.4 18.1 16.9 20.6 24.4 16.3 3) Expected changes to asset allocation over the next month. STOCKS BONDS CASH A REDUCE UNCHANGED RAISE B REDUCE UNCHANGED RAISE C UNCHANGED UNCHANGED UNCHANGED D UNCHANGED UNCHANGED UNCHANGED E REDUCE UNCHANGED RAISE F UNCHANGED UNCHANGED UNCHANGED G UNCHANGED UNCHANGED UNCHANGED H RAISE UNCHANGED REDUCE 4) Forecasts for Shanghai Composite Index three months from now. Participants have given a range for their forecasts, the average of their range is used to calculate the overall average. FUND A 2,900-3,300 B 3,100 C 3,400 D 3,150-3,400 E 3,000-3,300 F 2,900-3,200 G 3,300-3,400 5) Suggested equity allocation over the next month by sector. A B C D E F G H AUTOS 5 5 5 0 5 0 5 15 CONSUMER NON-DURABLES 10 25 25 40 20 60 30 10 ELECTRONICS & TECHNOLOGY 20 10 50 0 15 40 40 15 FINANCIAL SERVICES 40 10 0 40 20 0 10 5 METALS & METAL PRODUCTS 0 10 0 0 10 0 5 5 REAL ESTATE 10 0 0 0 5 0 5 5 TRANSPORT & INFRASTRUCTURE 10 15 0 0 5 0 0 20 ENERGY 5 0 0 20 5 0 0 5 MACHINERY 0 5 10 0 10 0 5 15 OTHER 0 20 10 0 5 0 0 5 6) Monthly average forecasts for equity allocations in the next three months (percent) Apr Mar Feb Jan Dec Nov Oct Sept Aug July June May AUTOS 5.0 5.6 4.4 4.3 3.8 2.5 5.3 4.4 7.5 5.0 6.3 5.6 CONSUMER 27.5 32.5 29.4 30.7 31.9 29.4 29.1 30.6 31.9 30.6 31.3 30.0 ELEC/TECH 23.8 21.3 16.9 21.4 17.5 18.1 17.5 18.1 17.5 16.3 18.8 18.1 FIN SERVS 15.6 12.5 16.3 15.7 14.4 20.6 18.1 15.6 11.9 12.5 12.5 16.3 METAL/PROD 3.8 3.1 6.3 2.9 3.8 3.1 2.5 3.1 3.1 3.8 3.1 3.1 PROPERTY 3.1 2.5 1.9 2.9 2.5 3.8 4.4 5.0 5.0 6.9 4.4 5.0 TRANSPORT 6.3 7.5 6.9 5.0 6.3 5.6 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.6 5.6 5.0 ENERGY 4.4 3.1 5.0 6.4 6.3 3.8 4.4 3.8 3.8 4.4 4.4 4.4 MACHINERY 5.6 5.6 8.1 5.0 8.1 5.6 5.6 5.6 5.6 6.3 6.9 6.3 OTHER 5.0 6.3 5.0 5.7 5.6 7.5 8.1 8.8 8.8 8.8 6.9 6.3 (Reporting by David Lin, Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
Washington's rapprochement with Italy apparently gets on Paris's nerves, Dr. Germano Dottori, a professor of strategic studies at Luiss University in Rome, told Sputnik, adding that the new Italian government is reshuffling the balance of power in the Mediterranean.
The Franco-Italian row was prompted by a shift in Rome's foreign policy after the euroskeptics' win, Dr. Germano Dottori, a professor of strategic studies at Luiss University in Rome, opined, suggesting that Italy is emerging as Donald Trump's new favorite in Europe.
According to the academic, a new foreign strategy adopted by the Italian government led by Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte contradicts Paris's interests. He recalled that at a recent G7 summit, Conte made a symbolic gesture by endorsing Donald Trump's idea of re-admitting Russia into the G7.
Sono d'accordo con il Presidente @realDonaldTrump: la Russia dovrebbe rientrare nel G8. È nell'interesse di tutti. pic.twitter.com/grqQ12ZuFJ — GiuseppeConte (@GiuseppeConteIT) June 8, 2018
​"I agree with President [Trump]. Russia should be re-admitted into the G8. It is in the interests of everyone," Conte tweeted on June 8.
© AFP 2018 / MAHMUD TURKIA Italy Provides Libya With More Ships to Bring Migrants Back Home
"Rome's move has solved several problems," Dottori told Sputnik Italy . "First, by supporting Trump, Conte pointed out that the recent Italian initiatives with regard to Moscow do not undermine the [country's] alliance with NATO, but might facilitate the American president's dialogue with the Russians, regardless of the strong opposition of his internal opponents."
Second, such a "rethink of policy" by Italy prevented further rapprochement between French President Emmanuel Macron and Donald Trump, which changed the balance of power and paved the way for the creation of a Rome-Washington "axis," the academic explained.
Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, at the @WhiteHouse, shortly. He will do a great job — the people of Italy got it right! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2018
​"It should be noted that during his trip to Europe amid preparations for the Russian-American summit, which is due to take place on July 16, National Security Adviser John Bolton did not go to Paris, visiting Rome instead, where he met with the Prime Minister [Conte], Minister of Defense [Roberta Pinotti] and Minister of the Interior [Matteo Salvini]," Dottori highlighted.
According to the academic, Bolton's beaming smile in his photos with Conte and the latter's invitation to Washington on July 30 indicate the growing sympathy between Rome and Washington.
Dottori underscored that the Elysee Palace seems to be aware of the potential consequences of Italy's maneuvers, which might spell an end to Macron's honeymoon with Washington, prompt a reassessment of Italy's role in the Mediterranean by the White House and probably lead to the US more actively supporting the country's economy.
Ahead of the EU summit, which took place on June 28-29, France and Italy exchanged tough messages over Rome's refusal to accept migrant rescue ships. Since the outset of the refugee crisis in 2015, Italian ports have served as an entry point for thousands of asylum seekers.
Although Macron has seemingly buried his differences with Conte on migration during the latest EU summit in Brussels, which paved the way for a preliminary compromise among the bloc's member states, he "went on and met secretly with Giuseppe Conte in Rome and paid an official visit to the Pope and the Community of St. Egidio," the academic noted.
© REUTERS / Tony Gentile How Eurosceptics Won the Day in Italy and Outplayed George Soros
"There is a strong feeling that the French president is trying to use progressive Catholicism in the interests of Paris, focusing on the relations existing between the [Italian] prime minister and the Vatican in order to sow discord among political forces supporting [Conte] and 'tame' Italy," Dottori presumed.
However, according to the academic, Macron has not been satisfied by the results achieved with his "counteroffensive": "Paris tried to interpret the agreement reached in Brussels in its favor, but Conte rejected this vision, although the compromise did appear ambiguous and had many ambiguities."
Dottori suggested that the consequences of the French-Italian covert political struggle "could be felt" in Europe, Libya and Sahel. He did not rule out that Rome may try to penetrate into France's African "backyard" in order to contain the migration flow from the continent.
"This is a red line for Paris, therefore Macron's nervousness is quite understandable," the Italian academic remarked.
The views and opinions expressed by Dr. Germano Dottori are those of the contributor and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
The CEO of Maricann Group Inc. recently won "Top Deal Maker" in the 40 under 40 categories of the M&A Advisor Emerging Leaders Awards.
The awards, which were announced last week, are meant to promote mentorship and professional development among emerging business leaders.
Ben Ward, who is CEO of the Burlington- and Munich-based company, was selected for his accomplishments and expertise from a pool of nominees.
"Ben Ward is a pioneer in the cannabis industry, having begun in an executive role at the onset of the legal market," said Paul Pathak, interim chair of Maricann's board, in a news release. "This award is yet another testament to Ben's track record of structuring deals that are beneficial to Maricann's shareholders."
Southern Baptists know how to send missionaries to other nations, but some are learning how to send messengers from other nations.
Two representatives from Calvary Baptist Church in Bangkok, Thailand, travelled to the Hawaii Pacific Baptist Convention's (HPBC) 2017 annual meeting in Honolulu, where the assembly voted to adopt the congregation as an affiliated church and seat their delegates.
BR photo by Seth Brown
Calvary Baptist Church was founded nearly 60 years ago in the heart of Bangkok to reach English speaking internationals.
Martin Chappell and his wife, Carrie, joined messengers from other countries, such as South Korea and Japan, in a small but growing network of international congregations participating in the Cooperative Program (CP) through the HPBC.
“We were treated like family right from the start,” Chappell told the Biblical Recorder (BR).
International Mission Board (IMB) missionaries founded Calvary nearly 60 years ago to reach English speakers in the heart of Thailand's capital. Chappell, the church's senior pastor since 2002, said the congregation continues to pursue that goal, and they want to deepen fellowship and cooperation with churches in Asia and North America.
The Chappells worked as IMB missionaries for 16 years, before retiring in 2015 as part of a voluntary resignation program intended to reduce personnel costs and counteract budget shortfalls. Chappell stayed on as Calvary's senior pastor after leaving the IMB.
For the first time, the Chappells said, they had no formal connection to the IMB or Southern Baptist Convention (SBC).
“I was very concerned,” said Carrie. “All I've ever known was the IMB. I grew up in a mission-minded church. ... I just never conceived of the idea of being a missionary apart from the IMB. For me, they just went together. That was hard.”
Chappell said fellow messengers and convention staff gave them a “warm reception” at the HPBC annual meeting and reassured them Calvary was “included as a true member of the HPBC.”
Chris Martin, HPBC executive director-treasurer, said the convention has been “blessed” by their fellowship and is “very excited” to welcome them into the cooperative body of churches.
Calvary continues to maintain direct and long-lasting partnerships with local churches in the U.S., such as Corinth Baptist Church in Elizabeth City.
Chappell has met and developed relationships with HPBC leaders and affiliates by attending meetings of the Asia Baptist Network, a regional association connected to the HPBC.
Calvary is also affiliated with the Thailand Baptist Convention, which Chappell described as their “primary identity.”
The congregation gives regularly to the IMB's Lottie Moon Christmas Offering and has budgeted CP gifts for 2018.
Facebook photo
Martin Chappell, right, Calvary's senior pastor, leads a baptism service.
The HPBC allocates 80 percent of undesignated CP gifts to its missions and ministries, and 20 percent is forwarded to the Southern Baptist Convention's Executive Committee for distribution among SBC entities, according to a budget restructuring plan approved at the 2017 annual meeting.
Calvary's CP giving will be allocated “just like any Southern Baptist church,” said Martin.
Chappell told BR staff he has expressed interest to Southern Baptist leaders about increased involvement at the national level, but options are limited because the SBC restricts cooperation to churches in the United States and its territories.
Chappell hopes Calvary's experience as a multi-cultural congregation in a diverse city can benefit churches in the U.S. that are encountering more ethnic and cultural diversity.
Global migration numbers have risen in recent decades to more than 250 million. The U.S. takes in more migrants than any other nation, while the population share of foreign-born people (14 percent) is considerably lower than countries such as Canada (22 percent), according to Pew Research.
“Our world is changing,” Chappell said in an interview earlier this year. “It is a mobile world, and we need to learn to get beyond prejudices and barriers and embrace all cultures. They are not just out there anymore, they are here, wherever here is.”
Chappell described Calvary's international ministry – its largest and most diverse – as the “core of the church,” but emphasized they are deeply invested in ministries to Thai, Karen, Burmese, Tamil and other people groups.
Carrie, who oversees Calvary's outreach to Pakistani refugees, said diversity is “healthy” and “good” for local churches, and warned of ethnic and cultural uniformity.
“There's a danger when everybody in the church looks alike, and thinks alike, and was raised alike,” she said.
The Chappells have been encouraged by Southern Baptist efforts to reach international people groups living in the United States, such as the Baptist State Convention of North Carolina's “Peoples Next Door NC” initiative and other ministries.
Carrie expressed sympathy for church-goers who are apprehensive about the rising number of foreign-born people in America, comparing the experience to going overseas for the first time.
“For a lot of people that's scary,” she said, “But it's a good thing. I think it can only be good for the church in the States.”
* Deadly Russia subway explosion triggers risk-off move * Reallocation into Treasuries to start 2nd quarter garners demand * Lack of confidence in "Trump trade" boosts Treasuries By Sam Forgione NEW YORK, April 3 U.S. Treasury yields fell on Monday, with benchmark 10-year yields touching more than one-month lows after a deadly explosion in a metro tunnel in Russia and reallocation into U.S. government debt at the start of the quarter boosted demand. Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasury notes touched 2.332 percent, their lowest since Feb. 27, after at least nine people were killed and 20 were injured when an explosion tore through a train carriage in a St. Petersburg metro tunnel. Interfax news agency said the blast may have been caused by an explosive device hidden in a briefcase. "With everything surrounding all the intrigue, real or discussed between the U.S. administration and Russian officials, the subway bombing in St. Petersburg sort of creates a new sensitivity in the U.S. market as well," said Jim Vogel, interest rates strategist at FTN Financial in Memphis. Analysts also said investors' performance was reset for the second quarter, giving them an opportunity to either reduce short positions in Treasuries or sell stocks and reallocate into U.S. debt. The benchmark U.S. S&P 500 stock index was last down 0.6 percent. They said factors such as a less hawkish than expected Federal Reserve and reduced confidence in fiscal stimulus from U.S. President Donald Trump's administration motivated investors to shift into Treasuries. New York and other states challenged the Trump administration on Monday for illegally blocking energy efficiency standards, casting further doubt on the new government's ability to push through planned reforms. Yields on three- and five-year Treasuries hit their lowest since Feb. 28 of 1.451 percent and 1.863 percent, while seven-year yields hit their lowest since Feb. 27 of 2.147 percent and two-year yields touched a one-week low of 1.234 percent. "Certainly the Trump-flation trade seems a lot more wobbly now," said Aaron Kohli, an interest rate strategist at BMO Capital Markets in New York. "There is no real reason to be aggressively maintaining a big short base in Treasuries." U.S. 30-year Treasury bonds were last up 31/32 in price to yield 2.968 percent, from a yield of 3.017 percent late Friday. U.S. 10-year Treasury notes were up 16/32 in price to yield 2.337 percent, from a yield of 2.395 percent late Friday. April 3 Monday 11:45AM New York / 1545 GMT Price US T BONDS JUN7 152-5/32 1-10/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-24/256 0-136/25 6 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 0.755 0.7669 0.005 Six-month bills 0.8875 0.9038 0.000 Two-year note 100-8/256 1.234 -0.024 Three-year note 100-130/256 1.4482 -0.049 Five-year note 100-10/256 1.8667 -0.061 Seven-year note 99-212/256 2.1516 -0.065 10-year note 99-64/256 2.3354 -0.060 30-year bond 100-172/256 2.9658 -0.051 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 35.25 -1.50 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 31.00 -1.00 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 13.00 0.25 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -0.50 0.25 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -37.00 -0.25 spread (Reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by James Dalgleish)
"Obama came to power to a large extent thanks to their support and they have always supported him. At the same time he could not carry out many policies at home which they would welcome. For instance, he cannot introduce free healthcare or limit Wall Street's influence. This is why he decided to make something that would satisfy their aspirations," he explained.
Pakhomov added that the Obama administration also wanted to show that America's foreign policy is more complex than it might seem.
"Some among US leadership and expert community criticize Israel. Interests of two powers cannot overlap 100 percent," particularly when it comes to the Middle East, the analyst said. "Such views are common among left-wing members and supporters of the Democratic Party."
The resolution on Israel was passed on December 23, with 14 US Security Council members voting in favor and one abstaining.
Washington's decision to refrain from vetoing the resolution comes in sharp contrast to its former policy with regard to Israel. The US has traditionally sheltered its key ally in the Middle East from similar initiatives by blocking them in the UN Security Council.
US president-elect Donald Trump, who lobbied President Barack Obama to veto the resolution, called the vote a "big loss" for Israel, but pledged to readjust Washington's foreign policy toward its ally.
"We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the US, but not anymore," the president-elect tweeted following the vote. "The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (UN)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!"
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but……. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 28 декабря 2016 г.
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 28 декабря 2016 г.
​Pakhomov expressed doubt that the incoming administration will "drastically change" Washington's policy toward Israel.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
(Clarifies guidance ranges, IPTs)
By Laura Benitez
LONDON, April 5 (IFR) - Volkswagen Financial Services has set guidance for an expected £800m four and eight-year dual-tranche bond, according to a lead bank.
Guidance is at Gilts plus 125bp area for an expected £500m size and 150bp area for an expected £300m size, respectively. Both are plus or minus 3bp, to price in the range.
Combined orders are over £2.2bn.
Initial price thoughts for the four-year were plus 135bp area and for the eight-year plus 155bp area.
Bookrunners are Barclays, Goldman Sachs and HSBC.
The deal is expected to price later today.
The issuer is rated A2/BBB+ by Moody's/S&P.
The deal follows Volkswagen International Finance's four-tranche €8bn deal issued last month.
(Reporting By Laura Benitez; Editing by Philip Wright, Julian Baker)
July 4 (UPI) -- A fountain of lava at Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano created a swirling whirlwind to mark two months since it began erupting on the Big Island.
Fissure 8 was supplying lava to an open channel with intermittent small, short-lived overflows, the U.S. Geological Survey said Tuesday.
The spatter cone was 180 feet tall at its highest point.
The USGS captured on video a whirlwind of lava from the fissure June 30. The video was released Monday. The latest explosion registered as a 5.3-magnitude earthquake with an ash plume reaching about 1,200 feet.
More than 1,200 lightning strikes linked to the volcano were recorded between 7 a.m. and 2 p.m. Monday, the National Weather Service reported.
The eruption of Kilauea, which is Hawaii's most active of the state's five volcanoes, has caused more than 4,000 earthquakes and has covered 10.2 square miles of land. according to data from the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory. It began on May 3.
Fissure 22 is spewing lava from a conical spatter and feeding a short flow to the northeast along the edge of earlier flows.
Hawaiian Volcano Observatory scientists say the two fissures have destroyed 671 homes.
Fissure 22 is showing the most activity in recent weeks.
"It's something to watch," Rick Hazlett, associate researcher at the USGS Hawaiian Volcano Observatory, said to Hawaii News Now. "As we all know, things can change. But as I say, it hasn't stolen the energy and the volume of lava from the Fissure 8 vent that would otherwise make this a big concern."
Hawai'i County Mayor Harry Kim on Monday declared a state of emergency for at least the next 60 days and expanded an earlier supplementary emergency proclamation related to real property tax assessments for areas of lower Puna.
QATAR Airways is introducing another dimension to luxury travel for WA travellers with its A380 super jumbo.
The plane, which will operate from Tuesday, is just the start, with the flight to Doha connecting with a fleet of new Airbus A350s fitted with the airline's latest upgrade — the business-class Q Suites.
Qatar's A380s have a magnificent lounge and bar for premium passengers and an exclusive and spacious economy area on the upper deck for those savvy enough to get in early.
AIRLINE RATINGS: QATAR AIRWAYS
And if you are flying first class there are two huge and opulent powder rooms to make sure you look just right.
The airline has nine A380s that have eight first-class, 48 business-class and 461 economy-class seats.
The 517-seat A380 super jumbo replaces the airline's 358-seat Boeing 777-300ERs.
For economy passengers the A380 is great news with 2cm more legroom and almost 4cm more seat width.
Camera Icon Qatar Airways has added more luxury with business-class Q suites. Picture: Supplied
And on the upper deck the economy cabin has even more room with a 2-4-2 cross-section, with the set of two seats having its own locker against the window.
The extra room extends to Qatar's new A350s, which the airline is using for a host of European destinations from Doha.
The A350 features the airline's new business-class Q Suites, the first to feature a fully enclosed seat.
At 21.5 inches across, the seat is not the widest in the sky but there's no feeling of being cramped.
The Q Suites are essentially what most airlines call first class and the airline has set a new benchmark for the industry.
Camera Icon A first class seat. Picture: Supplied
Q Suites will be fitted to the airline's entire fleet of A350s and 777s by late next year and a modified version of it is being designed for the 787 and A380.
Qatar has added many more destinations to its network including: Nice, Dublin, Skopje and Sohar, in Oman; Prague, Sarajevo, St. Petersburg, Thessaloniki, Mykonos and Cardiff.
Qatar was launched in 1997 with five planes and under chief executive Al Baker, it has grown to be one of the world's top airlines serving more than 150 destinations across six continents.
It has 200 planes with an average age of less than five years and 350 more on order with Airbus and Boeing with a catalogue price of US$92 billion.
© Sputnik/ Vitaliy Timkiv Hope for Millions: Russian Scientists Invent Nanoparticles That Kill Cancer
The drug developed by Russian chemists was used to treat white spot syndromevirus (WSSV) in shrimps, the university press service reported. Throughout the world, outbreaks of this disease have wiped out entire populations at many shrimp farms within days, and the epidemic has been raging in Mexico for several years. There have been several attempts to cure the disease, but until now nothing has worked.
One farm in Mexico was offered to try the new Russian cure. At first, several young infected shrimps were injected with the drug. Just 96 hours later, shrimp survival was over 90%.
The scientists then moved on to test a larger group of young shrimps. Infected individuals were divided into subgroups, some of which received the drug. Four days later, 80% of the shrimps treated with the drug survived and began to recover. Meanwhile, the survival rate of untreated individuals was only 10%, according to a study published by in the Chemosphere journal.
© Sputnik/ Vitaliy Ankov Russian-Made Robotic Surgical System Presented at Media Center in Moscow
The TPU's drug is called "Argovit" and has a universal destructive effect on viruses, bacteria and fungi. The novel treatment has been already tested on more than 25 types of diseases. According to TPU, "Argovit" has been tested on more than 25 types of diseases. Medications based on "Argovit" have been certified and are used today in veterinary medicine to treat a variety of viral and bacterial diseases in cattle, furbearing animals and pets. In the nearest future, scientists plan to turn their focus to the development of the drug for humans.
What is the Devil's candy? Underage victims, apparently. “I have to feed him children, because children are his candy,” says Ray (Pruitt Taylor Vince), the corpulent villain of this garishly brutal horror movie. That doesn't really make sense, then again Ray is a psycho so you can't really expect well-rounded arguments. We see him in a prologue, playing heavy metal super-loud on his guitar to drown out the low Satanic voice emanating from an upside-down crucifix.
“Pack your things,” cries his elderly mother, “you're going back to the hospital!” Big mistake, Mum.
There's a certain subterranean comedy here: heavy metal, after all, is notorious for being ‘the Devil's music' – and the film gleefully draws that connection only to subvert it, because our hero Jesse (Ethan Embry, who I spent half the movie thinking was Christian Bale) is a big heavy-metal nut. He and teenage daughter Zooey (Kiara Glasco) head-bang in the car, much to the amusement of patient wife Astrid (Shiri Appleby), then he gives Zooey the Metal Salute – a.k.a. ‘devil horns' – as he drops her off at her new school. Jesse and Co. have just moved to a new home, and the Stetson-wearing estate agent (we're in Texas, during a summer so hot “even Satan's prayin' for it to rain”) is compelled by law to inform them that two people died in that house, one of them violently. Astrid is disturbed by the news. Jesse, however, doesn't mind, finding it “really romantic”.
How heavy-metal! How immature! The Devil's Candy seems to be heading to a moralistic place where Jesse's unconventional lifestyle – he looks like a biker, and disdains bourgeois values: “Don't let school get in the way of your education!” he tells Zooey cheerfully – will be ‘blamed' for his demonic possession. Fortunately the film doesn't go there, though it's also true that our hero's non-conformist style is finally irrelevant. The only real difference from the strait-laced family in (say) The Conjuring is that Jesse is already such a weirdo that it's not immediately apparent – even when he starts painting screaming children and upside-down crucifixes – that he's been possessed by evil forces, another bit of very deadpan comedy for those on the film's twisted wavelength.
Needless to say, many will fail to see the humour in a film where a psycho knocks kids unconscious then cuts them up with a hacksaw – nor do I know why an obscure B-movie from 2015 should be at the multiplex during Easter week, unless it's to target teenage blasphemers looking for respite from too much piety (maybe it's also trying to wash away the sickly-sweet religious taste of The Shack from a couple of weeks ago). Still, The Devil's Candy is good fun for hardened horror hounds – stylish and intense, full of meaty heavy-metal riffs, deep Satanic rumbles and blood-red-filtered glimpses of a girl screaming in terror, moving briskly at an almost too-brief 79 minutes (!) and building to a fiery showdown followed by Metallica's ‘For Whom the Bell Tolls' over the closing credits.
This is tasty candy, recommended to anyone who's ever loved a Rob Zombie film or had a poster of Eddie (the Iron Maiden mascot) on their bedroom wall. That said, it's also empty calories. Almost everything turns out to be a red herring, from the sinister gallery owner who finds Jesse's paintings “wonderfully disturbing” to the creepy bond between Ray and Zooey. She's “the sweetest candy of all,” says the fat slob – also glimpsed sitting in his car cradling a big jar of candy, looking like an evil Santa in his faded red tracksuit – but he still tries to kill her, albeit spurred on by that low Satanic basso profondo. Jesse's own demonic issues also peter out, in fact the whole supernatural angle might've been excised: in the end it's just a home-invasion thriller, with Ray coming back to the house (which was also his parents' house) and having to be vanquished.
Bottom line? A film so short and unpretentious really ought to be tighter – but writer-director Sean Byrne pours on the style and there's also a point when you sense that young Glasco is giving a real performance, not just coasting but legitimately running the gamut from joy to terror (Embry does well too, though his role gets reduced to endless variations on “I'm sorry” in the second half). ‘The devil's candy' was 90s slang for cocaine, a fair analogy for this trippy movie – and heavy metal too is a drug, the troubled teen's ticket to escape and oblivion, wryly evoked in poor crazy Ray trying to make enough of a racket to shut out his murderous impulses. The moral of the story? If your kids want to play their music loud, let them.
DIRECTED BY Sean Byrne
STARRING Ethan Embry, Shiri Appleby, Pruitt Taylor Vince
US 2015 79 mins.
The United States Navy is beefing up its fleet by putting into active service a new warship named after the city of Omaha.
Scroll for more content...
"I wish I could go out and join them and be a part of it," said John Scott, a Navy veteran.
Scott is a decorated military veteran. His service includes four years in the Navy.
"I was aboard the USS Askari. It was a landing craft repair ship in Vietnam."
Last May, he was a part of an honor flight that went to Washington D.C. He returned to a hero's welcome at Lincoln Airport.
"It was the first time that I was really welcomed home and it really stuck to my heart."
This Saturday, he'll have another reason to feel pride. That's when the Navy will officially bring the USS Omaha to life in San Diego. It's what's known as an LCS ship. That means it's intended to operate close to the shore.
"When I first heard about it my heart went thump."
Scott told FOX 42 News Friday warships have come a long way since he was in the Navy back in the sixties.
"They have bigger guns and faster guns. They reload a lot quicker and the ships are a lot quicker."
According to the Navy, the USS Omaha is 420 feet long. It was constructed in 2015 and will be used to defend the United States when necessary.
Omaha native Susie Buffett is the sponsor of the ship. A Navy spokesperson says she'll be in California February 3rd to give the order to bring the ship to life.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
On Thursday, the Trump administration is expected to announce that the United States will impose steel and aluminum tariffs on EU states.
French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told the US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross that the US metal tariffs would be unjustified and dangerous.
"It's entirely up to US authorities whether they want to enter into a trade conflict with their biggest partner, Europe," Le Maire said.
He added that the EU would take "all necessary measures" to respond if the United States decided to impose tariffs.
READ MORE: EU Trade Chief Believes US Unlikely to Prolong Steel, Aluminum Tariff Exemptions
© AP Photo / Ted S. Warren 'Trade Wars Between US and China Can No Longer Continue' – Trade Specialist
Earlier, the EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom stated that it was unlikely that the US decided to refrain from applying tariffs to the goods from the bloc after the temporary exemption expires.
According to the bloc's trade chief, the US is likely to impose a cap on the exports from the EU.
European Union Ambassador to the United States David O'Sullivan said earlier that the EU will likely respond with "counterbalancing" tariffs on US products.
© AFP 2018 / Mandel NGAN US-China Trade Dispute: Why Beijing Will Win War Washington Started
French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said earlier that the French and other Europeans don't want a trade war, but if they are attacked, they will have to defend their interests.
After the US imposed tariffs on imported steel and aluminum in late March, the EU was granted a temporary exemption, which is due to expire on June 1.
In March, the United States introduced a 25-percent tariff on imported steel and a 10-percent tariff on imported aluminum.
After that tensions between China and the United States had escalated. In response, Beijing vowed to retaliate against US exports to China with a matching value.
A Lindale man has been arrested and charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
According to Sgt. Darrell Coslin, with the Smith County Sheriff's Office, Benjamin Adkins, was arrested on Dec. 8 in the 18700 block of CR 445. Around 3:30 p.m., the Sheriff's Office received a call of a shooting in the Lindale area.
Upon arrival, three victims told deputies they had just pulled up to the gate of the residence and were going to visit a friend when the suspect pulled up in a silver car and started shooting at them. Deputies discovered at least three bullet holes on the vehicle the victims were in.
The victims were able to escape the shooter. The three got back into their vehicle and drove up to the residence they were visiting and called 911.
According to Coslin, the landowner discovered Adkins hiding behind a barn and was able to detain him until deputies arrived on scene.
Adkins was arrested and taken to the Smith County Jail. He's being held on a $225,000 bond.
A motive for the shooting is not known at this time.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Attorneys for the state are trying to block challengers to newly enacted initiative restrictions from telling their story to a judge.
The lawyers contend that the claims of those who contend the new law will harm future petition efforts are “fanciful and not genuine.” And attorney David Cantelme, who is leading the defense on behalf of Republican legislative leaders who pushed through the change, said that makes anything the challengers have to say in court legally irrelevant — and legally inadmissible.
But Cantelme is not the only one seeking to limit what Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Sherry Stephens will consider at a hearing next month.
Attorney Roopali Desai, representing the challengers, has filed her own motions to block efforts by the state and Republican legislative leaders to have the judge hear from another lawyer and a campaign consultant.
Both want to tell Stephens they believe the new law won't make it harder for initiative organizers to qualify for the ballot. And that, Cantelme is arguing to Stephens, means there's no basis for the challenge and she should dismiss the case.
The legal fight is over what standard a judge must use in determining whether an initiative petition proposing a new law or constitutional amendment can be placed on the ballot.
Current law requires only “substantial compliance” with election statutes. Courts have repeatedly interpreted that to mean that measures can go to voters even if there are inadvertent errors by organizers or circulators, or mistakes that do not affect the ability of voters to determine what is at issue.
That has led to courts giving the go-ahead for voters to consider some things not favored by the GOP legislative majority, including a proposed one-cent hike in sales taxes to fund education and transportation. That 2012 measure failed anyway.
Earlier this year lawmakers approved HB 2244 requiring judges to void initiatives not in “strict compliance” with all election laws. That could mean disqualification of petition drives based on technical errors.
In the lawsuit, Desai contends the legislature violated the constitutional rights of voters to propose their own laws by erecting the new hurdle. And she wants Stephens to block the law from taking effect as scheduled on Aug. 9.
But Cantelme hopes to quash the lawsuit even before Stephens gets to hear that constitutional argument. He argues that only those who suffer a “discrete and palpable injury” from a law are entitled to challenge it.
In this case, Cantelme said, the plaintiffs have suffered no injury because they are not currently circulating initiative petitions and are only speculating about how they might be harmed in the future. That, he said, means “they lack personal knowledge to testify to such fanciful injuries,” making anything they say “hearsay or speculation.”
Desai said Cantelme is ignoring a key fact: The plaintiffs are not just people off the street.
They include Matt Madonna, former president of the regional division of American Cancer Society, which got voters to ban smoking in public places; Sandy Bahr of the Sierra Club which helped convince voters to ban leg-hold traps on public lands; and the Animal Defense League which got voters to outlaw “gestation crates” for calves and pigs.
“These folks have run initiatives, lots of initiatives in fact,” she said, crafting language, forming legally required committees and hiring paid circulators.
“They know what goes into that,” Desai continued. “They know what kinds of risks are going to increase as the result of a stricter standard of review.”
And there's something else.
“It affects the way we raise money,” Desai explained, with initiative organizers having to explain to would-be donors the risk that a petition drive could get the necessary number of signatures — 150,642 for a statutory change and 225,963 for a constitutional amendment — only to be barred from the ballot because of a technical error.
Other plaintiffs include those weighing future initiatives like the Friends of ASBA, a group aligned with the Arizona School Boards Association that can get involved in politics. According to the challenge, that group is “seriously contemplating sponsoring a statewide initiative related to education that would appear on the ballot in November 2018.”
Cantelme, for his part, contends none of that matters.
He said if initiative organizers follow the law and gather a “cushion” of 30 percent more signatures than they need they should have no problem getting their issue to voters. And to prove his point, he wants testimony from attorney Kory Langhofer, who has been involved with Republican political causes and litigation, to tell the judge how he believes the change won't affect the ability of groups to get their measures on the ballot.
Desai, however, said what Langhofer has to say has no bearing on the belief of the challengers, based on their own experience, of how the new law will affect them.
“He doesn't represent any of them,” she said.
“He hasn't advised any of them,” Desai continued. “These are all red herrings and distractions.”
She had a similar assessment of Gibson McKay, a campaign consultant who has been aligned with GOP causes and worked on some initiatives, saying he should not be allowed to testify because he's not an expert on the law.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The memo is out and the people are talking!
The GOP memo alleging spying abuse by the FBI and Justice Department has finally been released to the public.
So you know what that means! President Trump went on his weekend Twitter-spree and claims the memo clears him in the Russia probe.
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
"I think it's terrible, I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace," Trump said.
The President gave the seal of approval to declassify the memo for the whole world to see. In a nutshell, the GOP memo claims the FBI abused surveillance authority and maybe even broke the law.
"We're going to continue to work with Congress to practice transparency, to get all of this information out before the American people," Vice President Mike Pence said.
Now, the Democrats want to release their own memo! Including Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff, who said, "This is about a narrative that the chairman wants to put out, a misleading narrative to undermine the FBI, undermine the department, and undermine Bob Mueller."
All eyes are on the FBI and DOJ to respond.
Spies, the FBI, Russia, the president, are we sure this is politics and not a Mission Impossible movie?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WARNING: This video may be considered disturbing to some viewers.
OKLAHOMA CITY -- An Oklahoma City woman who is accused of dressing as a witch to terrorize her 7-year-old granddaughter has been sentenced to prison for child abuse.
Officers were called to a home in southeast Oklahoma City in Sept. 2014 after the woman tried to take the victim to Griffin Memorial Hospital. According to the police affidavit, 51-year-old Geneva Robinson told hospital employees that she could not control the girl any more.
The 7-year-old child looked to be malnourished and had numerous burns and bruises across her body, according to the police report.
The report said the victim's ankles had cuts around them and were infected. Her wrists had marks "which had the appearance of possibly being bound."
Authorities said the 7-year-old girl claims Robinson, her grandmother, would dress up as a witch and abuse her.
The girl told a DHS worker Robinson would wear a green mask, take her to the garage, bind her wrists at night and make her sleep on a pair of pants because "she was in trouble."
The child said the witch's name is "Nelda."
"Nelda" would allegedly "take a pink dog leash and hang the victim in the middle of the garage underneath her arms" and tell the girl "the creatures in the attic were going to come get her."
The child also said she would be hit with an orange and black whip.
"The evidence at the scene corroborated what she was saying," said MSgt. Gary Knight, Oklahoma City Police Department. "There were whips and chains and a witch's hat found there. Just a completely horrible situation for a child to be in."
A disturbing video shows Robinson dressed up as "Nelda."
"Oh no! She might take the doggies," a child can be heard screaming.
"I won't hit grandma! I won't be mean!" a child can be heard crying.
The trauma just keeps going, and it appears multiple children are in the room.
At one point, Robinson can be heard saying "give me a fork and a knife."
At another point, a man appears in the video.
"Grandma's sick because of you! Go with the witch," he said.
Earlier this year, Robinson pleaded guilty to multiple counts of felony child abuse for actions including:
-pulling on the girl with pliers
-kicking the girl in the pubic area causing a fracture to her pubic bone
-striking the girl in her face causing injury
-scratching the girl on the neck causing injury
-approaching the girl while she slept and cutting off all of her hair
-striking the girl in the head
-withholding food to the extent that the girl had to steal food to eat
-not seeking medical care for the girl, who was visibly suffering from ringworm
-keeping the girl from attending school
-forcing the girl to sleep outside with the dogs
-cutting the finger of a six-year-old with scissors
"They're innocent children, and they were just tortured," said prosecutor Merydith Easter. "It's heartbreaking to watch them recount what's happened to them."
Robinson was sentenced to serve three consecutive life sentences.
She can appeal the decision.
Her attorneys argued Robinson's behavior was the result of an abusive childhood that left her without good parenting skills.
She took her son's four children in when they had no place else to go, they said.
"We don't have illusions this is not serious, but we are here for mercy," the attorney said. "Nobody died. This is not a death penalty case."
But, the judge, announcing her decision, argued a young girl's innocence and "sparkle" had been taken.
Prosecutors agreed.
"She has scarred them for the rest of their lives," Easter said. "She does not understand the horror she inflicted on [the victim]. Geneva Robinson should never walk free again. She should never have access to children."
Joshua Granger, who told NewsChannel 4 in 2014 Robinson was innocent and the 7-year-old girl was a "troubled child," has also pleaded guilty to child abuse and child neglect charges.
Prosecutors said he also beat the two young children and helped Robinson with her witch persona.
"Anyone who sits back and watches it or helps someone else do that deserves to be there with them," Easter said. "He's the only person who could have protected [the victim] from Geneva Robinson. He didn't do that.?"
He was sentenced to serve life in prison with the first 30 years behind bars, despite arguments from the defense that Granger was tossed into a chaotic family environment and did the best he could to handle children with behavioral issues.
"Did he screw up?" attorneys asked. "Yes. But, I don't think that proves a lack of compassion on his part."
In a prepared statement, Granger told the judge he thought the persona would do some good to "scare her into" some better behavior.
Shorter days and colder nights offer a good reason to cozy up with family to enjoy holiday favorites! Here are a few of the programs and specials airing on KET and airing and live streaming on the KET PBS KIDS channel. (Click on the titles for additional air times and dates.)
Happy holidays to your family from all of us at KET!
Once Upon a Sesame Street Christmas
KET Friday, Nov. 24 • 11:30/10:30 am
KET Monday, Dec. 11 • 11:30/10:30 am
A bedtime story for Elmo recalls a gloomy time when Sesame Street was devoid of holiday spirit until a distant relative brought tidings of comfort and joy to its residents.
The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About Christmas
KET PBS KIDS Dec. 8-10 • 8:30/7:30 pm
KET2 Dec. 14 & 26 • 6/5 am
The Cat in the Hat, Nick, and Sally go on a journey around the world to help a lost reindeer find his way home in time for Christmas.
Splash and Bubbles: Whitebeard/Coral Day
KET Tuesday, Dec. 12 & 20 • 11/10 am
KET Sunday, Dec. 17 • 8:30/7:30 am
KET PBS KIDS Dec 15-17 • 8/7 pm
According to legend, tonight is the night that Whitebeard, a mysterious creature who lives at the North Pole, sails over Reeftown. Then, it's the holiday season in Reeftown as everyone gets ready for a celebration of the coral that makes up their home.
Peg + Cat + Holidays
KET PBS KIDS Dec. 15-17 • 7/6 & 9/8 pm
KET Dec. 11, 15 & 26 • 1 pm/noon
“The Hanukkah Problem” – Albert Einstein shows them how to make a 2D piece of paper into a 3D dreidel.
“The Christmas Problem” – When Santa Claus is in trouble, Peg and Cat have to solve their biggest problem ever.
“The Penguin Problem” – Peg and Cat coach a team of skiing penguins.
Ready Jet Go!: Holidays in Boxwood Terrace
KET Dec. 11, 15, 21, 25 • 7/6 am & 2/1 pm
KET PBS KIDS Dec. 11, 15, 21, 24, 25 • 6:30 pm
KET PBS KIDS Dec. 22-24 • 8/7 pm
Jet directs the annual Boxwood Terrace Christmas Pageant and looks for the Spirit of Christmas, something intangible that Sean and Sydney can't quite define.
Wild Kratts: A Creature Christmas
KET Dec. 11, 15, 25 • 7:30/6:30 am & 3:30/2:30 pm
KET PBS KIDS Dec. 11, 22, 23, 24, 25 • 7/6 pm
It's Christmastime, and the Kratts are taking a break from creature adventuring to celebrate. But when they are alerted that their favorite creatures are disappearing around the globe, their holiday party quickly turns into a rescue mission.
Cyberchase: A Reboot Eve to Remember
KET Friday, Dec. 29 • 5:30/4:30 pm
KET PBS KIDS Dec. 29-31 • 7/6 pm
On Reboot Day, all Cyberspace celebrates a fresh start for the new year. It's Delete's favorite holiday, but Hacker is in a bad mood because he's low on energy.
Curious George: A Very Monkey Christmas
KET Dec. 11, 15 & 25 • 8:30/7:30 am &
Dec 17 • 9/8 am
George and The Man with the Yellow Hat are having a wonderful time getting ready for Christmas. There's only one dilemma – neither of them knows what to give the other for a present.
Speech to Text for Electric bills could be on the way down
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
hoosiers saving some cash. duke energy is proposing a rate cut for "all" of their "8"-hundred thousand customers. that cut could be a drop in electric bills by an average of "5"-point "6"-percent over the next "2"-years. that breaks down to nearly "7.33" a month for customers using "1"-thousand kilowatt-hours. other utilities are considering adjusting its rates as well -- including vectren. utility officials say the cut is related to federal tax changes. before the cut can be made -- state utility regulators must sign off on the plan. thousands of teaching positions sit empty across the country.
BITCOIN DOWN 1.8 PCT TO $14,340 ON BITSTAMP EXCHANGE, WITH ABOUT AN HOUR TO GO BEFORE BITCOIN FUTURES START TRADING
× Man arrested in Italy in drive-by shootings of foreigners
Police in Italy have arrested a man suspected of opening fire Saturday on foreign nationals in the town of Macerata, injuring several people.
A police photo shows a man being apprehended who appears to have an Italian flag wrapped around his neck.
The drive-by shootings were “racially motivated” and believed to be connected to the recent slaying of an 18-year-old Italian woman in which a Nigerian man was arrested, Macerata's mayor, Romano Carancini, told CNN.
He said at least four people were injured Saturday.
The shootings took place near where the dismembered body of Pamela Mastropietro was found Tuesday. A Nigerian man was later arrested in connection with the killing.
The suspect in Saturday's shootings — identified by Carancini as Luca Traini, 28 — was apprehended by police while making a fascist salute in front of a monument to war victims.
According to election records, Traini had been a candidate in the nearby town of Corridonia for the anti-immigration Northern League party in the 2017 local elections but received no votes.
Carancini confirmed to CNN that he was the same man.
“We must be united against hatred,” Carancini said.
Marco Valerio Verni, the uncle of the slain woman Mastropietro, told CNN affiliate Rai News: “All we want is justice. We cannot fight barbarism with more barbarism. Such actions are not justifiable. This country is fed up — but such reactions can never be justified. We are a civilized country. We should not let barbarism prevail over civilization.”
READY PLAYER ONE (M)
Rating: four stars (4 out of 5)
Director: Steven Spielberg (E.T.: The Extra-Terrestrial)
Starring: Tye Sheridan, Ben Mendelsohn, Mark Rylance, Olivia Cooke, T.J. Miller, Simon Pegg.
Switch your mind off and turn this game on
“These days, reality is a bummer. Everyone's looking for a way to escape.”
This is both the key line and the big takeaway from Ready Player One, a fast and furious futuristic thrill ride that is the most a fun a Steven Spielberg-directed movie has been in many, many years.
Camera Icon Virtual reality is the name of the game in Ready Player One Picture: Supplied
If you want to step away from the real world for a few hours, then the wildly imaginative diversions delivered by Ready Player One will be exactly what you were after.
Adapted from the 2011 best-selling novel by Ernest Cline, this exciting, entertaining and kinda kooky blockbuster is set to be a massive box-office hit in the coming Easter holiday period.
The plot of Ready Player One opens in the year 2045, where America has fallen into a state of grotty, grey ruin.
In the city of Columbus, Ohio — the fastest-growing metropolis in the country — people are now reduced to living in areas like ‘The Stacks': high-rise slums of shipping containers and trailers.
Camera Icon Just another day in ‘The Stacks' in Ready Player One. Picture: Supplied
If the squalor does not seem to bother people that much, it is only because Virtual Reality technology has given them somewhere better to go.
Much of the general population now commute on a daily basis to a VR gaming environment known as OASIS. Inside this dazzling alternative dimension, players are competed to completing a mind-boggling, multi-environment maze called Anorak's Quest.
These stakes are high in Anorak's Quest, which is the creation of the late and much-admired designer of OASIS, James Halliday (played by Mark Rylance). The first player to find three keys hidden by Halliday inside the game will inherit his $500 billion estate and total control over OASIS.
Anorak's Quest has been running for several years, and the player who stands the best chance of winning is Wade Watts (Tye Sheridan), a young resident of The Stacks with a flair for puzzle solving that if further boosted by his intricate knowledge of Halliday's life story.
Being a Steven Spielberg movie, there does need to be some kind of evil organisation running interference in Ready Player One, and there's plenty of that coming from the tech conglomerate IOI (Innovative Online Industries).
The villainous CEO if IOI is Nolan Sorrento (an excellent Ben Mendelsohn), a former apprentice to Halliday who is sponsoring a team inside Anorak's Quest.
If all of this seems like an unnecessarily convoluted plot to process as a viewer, fear not.
Ready Player One is first and foremost an action adventure movie, and Spielberg's filmmaking instincts wisely sense that audiences will be fascinated by the rich and relentlessly shape-shifting world of OASIS above all else.
A truly brilliant VR car-racing sequence in the movie, during which Wade is piloting the famous DeLorean from Back to the Future, opens up all kinds of exciting possibilities inside the imaginations of viewers.
During this one stand-alone section of the movie, Wade is seen steering his iconic vehicle around incongruous obstacles such as King Kong, the T. Rex from Jurassic Park, the Batmobile and some objects associated with Star Wars.
These blink-or-you'll-miss-it pop-culture references keep coming at a rapid-fire rate throughout Ready Player One, and will be a major talking point among movie fans in the weeks to come.
This aggressive line in nostalgia (much of it sourced from the 1980s) definitely shares some parallels with Guardians of the Galaxy.
Camera Icon The dance floor in a nightclub of the future in Ready Player One. Picture: Supplied
However, the sheer breadth, scale and wit with which they have been inserted within Ready Player One will bring on a total sensory overload. Especially to anyone whose DNA carries any trace of geek, nerd or gamer.
Here is just a quick scan of some of the hundreds of blasts from the past detonating continually throughout Ready Player One: Star Trek, Hello Kitty, Sonic the Hedgehog, The Terminator, Looney Tunes, The Iron Giant, Alien and just about every John Hughes movie ever.
The absolute standout sequence from Ready Player One's massive collection of retro rewinds involves an extended journey inside a famous horror movie from an equally famous filmmaker much admired by Spielberg.
In the interests of keeping this review spoiler-free, the title of that movie cannot be mentioned.
However, the use of actual sets and footage from that iconic production is nothing short of spellbinding (even if some film purists will baulk at the very idea of sampling a revered work like this).
READY PLAYER ONE opens in Australian cinemas on Thursday March 29th.
TORONTO — The Latest on the incident in which a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk, killing and injuring several people (all times local):
9:25 a.m.
The president of Invesco Canada says one of the financial company's employees was among those killed in when a van plowed into pedestrians in Toronto.
Peter Intraligi says the company's "thoughts and prayers" were with "all those impacted by this tragic event."
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
A new statement from Intraligi says "I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries." He added: "Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
___
8:55 a.m.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says authorities see no national security element in the seeming attack on pedestrians in Canada's largest city.
Assaults by criminal aliens against Border Patrol agents increased 64 percent in July over the previous month. U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials reported 41 agents as victims of assault for the month.
The July cases bring the total number of agents assaulted during Fiscal Year 2017 to 624. The report indicates an increase of 80 percent over the same period in the previous year, CBP officials reported on Friday afternoon.
advertisement
With two months to go in the fiscal year beginning on October 1, 2016, the total number of assaults against CBP officers and Border Patrol agents (668) has already exceeded the 585 assaulted in FY 2016. This is the largest amount covered in the 6-year report and is the fourth straight year of increasing assaults.
During the FY 2017, assaults on CBP Office of Field Operations officers rose to 36 while only eight Air and Marine Operations officers were attacked. Both of these statistics represent dramatic drops over the previous year, officials reported.
During the Obama Administration, Department of Justice (DOJ) prosecutors frequently would not prosecute assaults on Border Patrol agents unless the case required medical attention. This reluctance to prosecute has changed under President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions promised swift and sure prosecution for any illegal alien assaulting an agent during an April before CBP personnel in Arizona, Breitbart Texas reported.
Under Sessions' memorandum issued that same day, the AG promised, “Prosecution to the extent practicable cases of assault, resisting, or impeding officers engaged in the performance of their duties in administrative and criminal immigration enforcement.”
It does not currently appear the threat of prosecution is having the desired deterrent effect.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
× Judge denies bail for Charlottesville car attack suspect James Alex Fields Jr.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — A judge on Monday denied bail for James Alex Fields Jr., the man suspected of killing a woman as he allegedly mowed down a group of counterprotesters at a white supremacist rally in Virginia.
Fields, 20, is accused of driving his car into a crowd of people, killing Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal, who was protesting the “Unite the Right” march on Saturday.
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death.
The suspect was informed of his charges and rights by Judge Robert Downer.
Bond was not set and the judge appointed attorney Charles Weber.
Downer set August 25 as the date for the next hearing, but it is possible there will be a bond hearing before then.
The incident took place as hundreds of white nationalists converged on Charlottesville to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate general and slavery advocate Robert E. Lee.
Nineteen people were injured during clashes, 10 of whom were listed Sunday in good condition by the University of Virginia Health System. Nine patients were released.
Two Virginia State Police troopers died when a helicopter crashed in a wooded area near Charlottesville after monitoring Saturday's events.
The clashes in Charlottesville sparked political fallout over the weekend, with critics blasting President Donald Trump for failing to single out white supremacists in his criticism of the violence. The Vice President, however, on Sunday did just that, calling out “dangerous fringe groups.”
People around the nation marched Sunday in support of the anti-racism protesters in Charlottesville, with more than 130 rallies from California to Maine.
What do we know about Fields?
Fields was a man who possessed “outlandish, very radical beliefs,” and a “fondness” for Adolf Hitler, according to Derek Weimer, who teaches social studies at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky.
“It was quite clear he had some really extreme views and maybe a little bit of anger behind them,” Weimer told CNN. “Feeling, what's the word I'm looking for, oppressed or persecuted. He really bought into this white supremacist thing. He was very big into Nazism. He really had a fondness for Adolf Hitler.”
Principal Mike Wilson said he remembered Fields as a quiet and reserved student who graduated in 2015. In August of that year, Fields was inducted into the Army but he left active duty in December 2015. A spokeswoman for the Army said he failed to meet training standards.
“As a result he was never awarded a military occupational skill nor was he assigned to a unit outside of basic training,” Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the Toledo Blade in Ohio, where he lives, that she didn't know her son was going to Virginia for a white nationalist rally. She thought it had something to do with Trump.
She told the Blade she didn't discuss politics with her son. She was surprised her son attended an event with white supremacists.
“He had an African-American friend,” she told the Blade.
Pence decries neo-Nazis, ‘dangerous fringe groups'
As criticism of Trump's response reverberated, Vice President Mike Pence condemned the violence and white supremacists.
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said during a trip to Cartagena, Colombia. “These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Pence added: “The President also made clear that behavior by others of different militant perspectives are also unacceptable in our political debate and discourse.”
The creator of one of the most prolific neo-Nazi websites praised Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists, saying “he loves us.”
Andrew Anglin of the Daily Stormer wrote that Trump's comments were “good.”
“He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. He said that we need to study why people are so angry, and implied that there was hate on … both sides!” Anglin wrote. “There was virtually no counter-signaling of us at all. He loves us all.”
Anglin did not respond to CNN's request for comment.
What happens now?
Three other men were arrested Saturday. One faces a charge of carrying a concealed handgun and another is charged with disorderly conduct. The third man was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery.
The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have launched a civil rights investigation into the deadly crash, to be led by US Attorney Rick Mountcastle.
Investigators will be looking into Fields' alleged motives, and whether there's enough evidence for a domestic terrorism case.
April 3 Nn Inc
* NN Inc. Announces successful redemption and refinance of 10.25% senior notes
* Notes were redeemed with proceeds of new $300 million term loan B credit facility was added by amendment to co's existing senior secured credit facility
* New $300 million term loan b has priced at LIBOR plus 3.75% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Total Client Services Ltd:
* Made sufficient progress with restructuring process to enable auditors to commence audit process in February 2017
* Completion of audit process is expected by end of March 2017, after which condensed financial statements can be published
* Continues to pursue all opportunities to market, including sale of camera equipment and technology, and new management systems Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Norway's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO, June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent, the Norwegian Home Builders' Association (NHBA) said on Thursday.
The decision of the International Criminal Court (ICC) to refer Jordan to the UN Security Council (UNSC) is a political step in light of Amman's opposition to the United States' recognition of Jerusalem as Israeli capital, Jordan's Parliament Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Raed Khaza'leh said Monday.
AMMAN (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, the ICC announced that it would refer Jordan to the Assembly of States Parties of the Rome Statute (ASP) and the UNSC over its failure to detain Sudanese President Omar Bashir, who is the subject of the ICC arrest warrant on the charge of genocide, during the Arab League summit in the country in March 2017.
"The ICC decision regarding Jordan is a political one, taking into account the fact that Jordan now plays the major role in the protection of Jerusalem and opposes the US decision," Jordan's Parliament Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Raed Khaza'leh said.
© AP Photo/ Lefteris Pitarakis Jordan Mobilizes Muslim States Amid Possible US Embassy Relocation to Jerusalem
On Wednesday, US President Donald Trump announced his decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and instructed the US State Department to launch the process of moving the US Embassy, which is currently located in Tel Aviv, to Jerusalem. A day before Trump's move, King of Jordan Abdullah II held a phone conversation with the US president and warned him against any steps beyond the road map to a permanent two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, which provides for the creation of a Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital.
The Jordanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates spokesman Mohammed Al-Kaed told Sputnik on Monday that the ICC decision on Jordan is discriminatory.
"The decision of the ICC Pre-Trial Chamber is discriminatory against Jordan, and the Jordanian government is exploring all possible political and legal responses to this decision," Al-Kaed said.
He added that this decision did not take into consideration neither the fact that the president of Sudan had immunity under international law nor other legal aspects.
Bashir is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of genocide and crimes against humanity, committed during the conflict in Darfur. The ICC issued its arrest warrant for Bashir in 2009, making the Sudanese leader the first incumbent head of state to be on the ICC wanted list. The president, who has been in power since 1989, earlier rejected the charges, calling any ICC ruling worthless.
Kitchener is off to a strong start and the vibe around the team has oozed positivity.
But the changes didn't damper the on ice product on Friday. The Rangers defeated Erie 5-3 for their fourth win in the past five games and first on home ice this season.
It was a collective effort.
Overage forward Jake Henderson led the way with a goal and an assist while Riley Damiani potted his third of the year on a short-handed breakaway. Adam Mascherin, Giovanni Vallati and Joseph Garreffa also scored.
Erie winger Patrick Fellows broke Anthony Dumont-Bouchard's shutout bid when he sniped his first off a turnover midway through the third period to make it 4-1 Rangers.
Otters Kyle Maksimovich and Joseph Mack added on in the third to make it close but Dumont-Bouchard held down the fort to improve to 4-0 this season.
Kitchener is in no rush to replace Barnaby.
Longtime strength and conditioning coach Brandon Merli joined the bench Friday and will help out for the time being. Current assistant Andreas Karlsson is now in charge of the defence and penalty kill while McKee will look after the offence and power play.
"Losing someone like him (Barnaby) six games in when we've been kind of hot is tough," said Hall. "We're just taking it slow. We wish him the best."
The Rangers are off to Guelph to face the Storm Saturday at the Sleeman Centre at 4 p.m.
Notes: Rangers captain Connor Bunnaman returned Friday after missing two games while winger Cole Carter was also back after a one-game absence. Both were out with the flu. … Eric Guest returned from a concussion and made his season debut for the Blueshirts as the centre on the team's top line. … Erie forward Taylor Raddysh returned to action after missing a week with an upper body injury.
jbrown@therecord.com , Twitter: @BrownRecord
Gordon Elliott, Ireland's leading jumps trainer this season, dominated the weights for the Randox Health Grand National revealed on Tuesday night with a sensational 11 of the top 40 in the running for the Aintree spectacular.
However, he was quick to rule Outlander, top weight for the race with a BHA rating of 166, out of the contest. The nine-year-old, who is being aimed at the Timico Cheltenham Gold Cup, is one of three chasers in the top four of the weights trained by Elliott and owned, like last year's winner Rule The World, by Gigginstown House Stud. Elliott, who won the race with Silver Birch in 2007, is also responsible for Empire Of Dirt and Don Poli on 11 stone 8 pounds and 11 stone 7 pounds.
Champagne West, impressive winner of the Thyestes Chase last time, has been allotted 11 stone 9 pounds and Carlingford Lough is on 11 stone 6 pounds in an all-Irish domination of the first five slots in the field for the April 8 prize.
Ante-post favourite The Last Samuri, the Kim Bailey-trained runner-up of 12 months ago, is next with 11 stone 5 pounds, having carried 10 stone 8 pounds last year. The 14-year-old Vics Canvas, third last year, is 1 pound lower on 10 stone 5 pounds.
The Grand National is the only handicap of the year for which the weights can deviate from normal handicap ratings. They were unveiled on Tuesday night at a ceremony held at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.
BHA head of handicapping Phil Smith has total discretion and the final word on the weight allocated to each horse. Although there is no contender of the level of former National winner Many Clouds, rated 172 at the time of his death, Smith said the overall depth of the field is at a record high.
Smith, who has handicapped the field every year since 1999, said the outcome of Sunday's Irish Gold Cup at Leopardstown, in which Empire Of Dirt, Don Poli and Carlingford Lough were second, third and fourth, had a significant bearing on the look of the top of the handicap. He has rated Outlander, who beat Don Poli on his last start, on 166.
HELSINKI, March 31 Russia's Evgenia Medvedeva will be the woman to beat at next year's Winter Olympics after soaring above her rivals to win back-to-back titles at the world figure skating championships with a performance full of grace and technical wizardry.
Friday's triumph with a world record total of 233.41 points made her the first woman since American Michelle Kwan in 2001 to win successive world titles and enhanced her reputation as a skating phenomenon as she has now captured 10 titles in a row.
No one came close to ending that run on Friday as she romped to victory by 15.28 points over Canadian Kaetlyn Osmond.
The 17-year-old Russian also made it a clean sweep of world records as her free skate score of 154.40 was an all-time best.
Osmond and her teammate Gabrielle Daleman earned their first world medals by finishing second and third respectively. (Reporting by Pritha Sarkar; Editing by Ken Ferris)
(Adds company news items and futures)
June 15 (Reuters) - Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures down 0.3 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* DFS FURNITURE: British upholstered furniture retailer DFS Furniture warned on Thursday that it would not meet profit expectations for the current year, blaming a weakening trading environment.
* MAJESTIC WINE: Britain's Majestic Wine Plc said on Thursday its underlying full-year revenue rose 11.4 percent as sales expanded by more than a quarter at its U.S.-focused Naked Wine unit, despite a failed e-mail campaign earlier this year.
* WS ATKINS: WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
* DRAX: Drax has raised its dividend payout target for the year and has changed the way it calculates shareholder rewards to ensure returns grow, the British power producer said on Thursday.
* ACACIA MINING: Barrick Gold, which owns 63.9 percent of Acacia Mining PLC , said its chairman and Tanzania's president met on Wednesday and agreed to hold talks aimed at resolving an escalating dispute over an export ban which has hit Acacia.
* BARCLAYS: Expectations have increased among current and former Barclays executives that the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) plans to charge both the bank and individuals with regard to the inquiry on arrangements struck with a Qatari sovereign wealth fund in 2008, Sky News reported on Wednesday. (http://bit.ly/2rsUFrH)
* BRITAIN-INSURANCE: New rules to determine lump sum payouts for personal injury claims will cost British motor insurers and reinsurers 3.5 billion pounds ($4.5 billion) initially, consulting firm EY estimates.
* U.S. FED RATE HIKE: The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signaling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
* U.K. ELECTION-BREXIT: British Prime Minister Theresa May edged closer to clinching a deal to stay in power with the support of Northern Irish kingmakers on Wednesday, but faced a battle over Brexit just days before divorce talks are due to begin.
* CHINA CEN BANK: China's central bank left interest rates for open market operations unchanged on Thursday, shrugging off an overnight increase in the U.S. Federal Reserve's key policy rate.
* OIL: Oil prices wallowed near their lowest levels in seven months early on Thursday, hurt by high global inventories and doubts over OPEC's ability to implement production cuts.
* GOLD: Gold edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, supported by softer U.S. economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice.
* LONDON COPPER: London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry.
* EX-DIVS: 3I Group, Persimmon, Severn Trent will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 2.48 points off the FTSE 100 according to Reuters calculations
* The UK blue chip index closed 0.35 percent lower at 7500.44 points on Wednesday, as a late drop in crude prices hit oil stocks, more than offsetting gains in housebuilders following a well-received update from Bellway.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit http://topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : http://topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Justin George Varghese; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
(Atlanta, December 9, 2017) -- In three studies being presented today during the 59th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting and Exposition in Atlanta, researchers report remarkable benefits from new, more easily administered therapies for bleeding and clotting disorders.
Two studies, one involving a novel drug and the other a gene therapy, could significantly improve the lives of people with the bleeding disorder hemophilia A, the most common form of the disease. For children with hemophilia A who develop resistance to the standard, but burdensome, intravenous therapy, subcutaneous administration of the investigational drug emicizumab effectively prevents bleeds. For adults with hemophilia A, a single gene therapy treatment provides durable improvement in clotting factor levels and long-term protection from bleeds.
A third study shows that the direct oral anti-coagulant (DOAC) rivaroxaban appears to safely reduce the risk of recurrent, dangerous blood clots in cancer patients, even during chemotherapy.
"These studies really push the envelope in terms of simply-administered therapeutic options available to children and adults with hemophilia, as well as cancer patients with a history of blood clots," said Margaret Ragni, MD, MPH, press briefing moderator, professor of medicine at the University of Pittsburgh. "The results are exciting and offer the potential to change the standard of care."
This press conference will take place on Saturday, December 9, at 7:30 a.m. EST in Room A315 of the Georgia World Congress Center.
Emicizumab Highly Effective in Children with Hemophilia A with Inhibitors; Shows Strong Safety Profile
HAVEN 2 Updated Analysis: Multicenter, Open-Label, Phase 3 Study to Evaluate Efficacy, Safety, and Pharmacokinetics of Subcutaneous Administration of Emicizumab Prophylaxis in Pediatric Patients with Hemophilia A with Inhibitors [85]
In a Phase III trial of the hemophilia A drug emicizumab in children, 95 percent of patients experienced no bleeding events requiring treatment, suggesting the drug is highly effective at preventing the bleeding associated with hemophilia A. The findings also reveal a strong safety profile, with no serious adverse events related to the drug, according to the research team.
People with hemophilia A produce extremely low levels of the blood clotting protein factor VIII (FVIII). Without treatment, patients can suffer debilitating bleeding events multiple times per month, especially in the joints, causing significant pain in the short term and joint disease in the long term. The best available treatment for preventing bleeds involves frequent intravenous infusions of FVIII.
In some patients, these infusions do not work because the body develops antibodies, or inhibitors, that bind to the standard replacement therapy and render it ineffective. Emicizumab is designed to fill the treatment gap for these patients. The drug functions like FVIII by enabling blood to clot, but it has a different structure, making it unrecognizable to FVIII antibodies.
Researchers enrolled 60 patients age one to 12 years who had an inhibitor that prevented them from being effectively treated with FVIII infusions. Caregivers were taught how to administer emicizumab at home through a weekly subcutaneous (under the skin) injection. Over a median of nine weeks follow-up (with a range of 1 to 41 weeks), only three patients experienced bleeding events requiring treatment; all three were safely treated with recombinant factor VIIa (rFVIIa), a standard of care for people with hemophilia A and an inhibitor. Known as a bypassing agent, rFVIIa encourages coagulation without the need for FVIII replacement therapy, providing a therapeutic workaround for those who have developed FVIII inhibitors.
"Before this drug, we didn't have very effective ways to prevent joint bleeding in these patients," said lead study author Guy Young, MD, director of the hemostasis and thrombosis program at Children's Hospital Los Angeles and University of Southern California. "This drug has demonstrated a very high level of efficacy at preventing those bleeding events. It's been life-changing for the children I've treated."
Previous emicizumab trials conducted in adults and adolescents have raised safety concerns over adverse events that occurred after patients experienced bleeding while on the drug, which Dr. Young attributed to the concomitant use of a bypassing agent on top of emicizumab. He said such problems had not occurred in this trial, likely in large part due to the fact that the patients on this trial rarely used bypassing agents since they had so few bleeding events.
The researchers will continue to follow enrolled patients for at least 12 months. Dr. Young says the trial's findings could change the standard of care for children who have hemophilia A with inhibitors. Another trial is underway to determine the safety and efficacy of emicizumab in patients who do not have the inhibitors.
Emicizumab is co-developed by Roche and Genentech.
Guy Young, MD, of Children's Hospital Los Angeles, will present this study during an oral presentation on Saturday, December 9, at 9:30 a.m. EST in Room B207 of the Georgia World Congress Center.
First Successful Gene Therapy for Hemophilia A Induces Normal or Near-Normal Factor VIII Levels
Achievement of Normal Circulating Factor VIII Activity Following BMN 270 AAV5-FVIII Gene Transfer: Interim, Long-Term Efficacy and Safety Results from a Phase 1/2 Study in Patients with Severe Hemophilia A [603]
Patients with hemophilia A who received a single infusion of an investigational gene therapy showed improved levels of the essential blood clotting protein FVIII, with 11 of 13 achieving normal or near-normal FVIII levels, according to the latest data from a trial that followed patients for up to 19 months. Researchers state that this represents the first successful gene therapy trial for people with hemophilia A.
The therapy uses a viral vector to transfer a functional copy of the gene responsible for producing FVIII, which is mutated in people with hemophilia A, into the patient's body.
Data were reported on two dosing levels. After several weeks, all patients began producing FVIII. By 20 weeks after the infusion, median FVIII levels in those receiving the higher dose plateaued and remained within the normal range. Those receiving the lower dose had FVIII levels that increased steadily to a median of 34 IU/dL by 20 weeks and, in the three patients who had been followed for 32 weeks, a median of 51 IU/dL -- a level that is within the normal range and represents a dramatic increase over their pre-treatment FVIII levels of less than 1 IU/dL.
In contrast to standard care, which requires multiple intravenous therapy infusions per week, this gene therapy appears to have long-lasting effects after a single infusion.
Prior to this study, participants received up to 185 FVIII infusions per year to prevent bleeds, resulting in up to 41 breakthroughs bleeding episodes per year despite prophylactic treatment. After receiving the gene therapy, all patients from both dose cohorts were able to completely discontinue prophylactic FVIII infusions, and 10 had no bleeding episodes requiring FVIII treatment from four weeks after infusion through the last follow-up visit. No patients showed evidence of an adverse response by the immune system, a side effect that has posed concern in trials for other gene therapies.
While several gene therapies have shown success for the rarer form, hemophilia B, gene therapy for hemophilia A has been considered more challenging because it is associated with a complex and much larger gene, making successful gene therapy considerably more difficult.
"The clinical data to date for this investigational gene therapy exceeded our expectations, in terms of increasing factor VIII levels and reducing the annualized bleed rate," said lead researcher K. John Pasi, MD, professor of hemostasis and thrombosis at Barts and the London School of Medicine and Dentistry and haemophilia clinical director at Barts Health NHS Trust. "Many clinical trial participants have seen factor VIII levels at or close to normal. This clinical result has the potential to improve the lives of patients who now must infuse themselves with factor VIII as often as every other day. With this experimental treatment, we are researching whether it may be possible for hemophilia A patient to reduce or eliminate factor VIII treatment over an extended timeline."
This study was supported by BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc.
K. John Pasi, MD, Barts and the London School of Medicine and Dentistry, will present this study during an oral presentation on Monday, December 11, at 7:00 a.m. EST in Auditorium C101 of the Georgia World Congress Center.
Direct Oral Anticoagulant Reduces Recurrence of Harmful Clots in Patients with Cancer
Anticoagulation Therapy in Selected Cancer Patients at Risk of Recurrence of Venous Thromboembolism: Results of the 'Select-D' Pilot Trial [625]
People with cancer have an increased risk of developing blood clots, with roughly one in five experiencing venous thromboembolism (VTE) -- blood clots that occur in deep veins like the legs or that travel through the blood stream and get lodged in the small blood vessels in the lungs. International guidelines recommend treatment using low-molecular-weight heparin, an anticoagulant that is injected subcutaneously; however, new results from a large pilot trial suggest that DOACs, newer blood thinners administered as a daily pill, could be a safe and beneficial alternative for treating VTE in selected patients.
Although there are many causes and risk factors for VTE, its increased prevalence in cancer patients is thought to be related to a combination of factors such as immobility from remaining in bed, procoagulants produced by the tumor, and chemotherapy. Because VTE can be life-threatening, blood thinners are used to shrink existing clots and prevent others from forming.
The select-d trial enrolled 406 patients who had cancer and VTE; most (69 percent) were receiving cancer treatment (typically chemotherapy) at the time of their VTE. Half were randomly assigned to receive low-molecular-weight heparin (dalteparin) and half were assigned to receive a DOAC (rivaroxaban). After six months of treatment, the VTE recurrence rate was four percent among those receiving the DOAC and 11 percent in those receiving dalteparin.
The results for secondary outcomes were mixed. In patients receiving the DOAC, there were more major bleeding events (11 patients) and a marked increase in clinically relevant non-major bleeds (25 patients) compared to those taking heparin (6 and 6 patients, respectively). The researchers are conducting further analyses to try to understand factors that may have contributed to this difference.
"Clinicians are already adopting DOACs into practice for these patients," said lead study author Annie Young, PhD, Professor of Nursing at the University of Warwick, "and now they have data from this study to indicate that DOACs are potentially safe in cancer patients. We need to be looking at different groups of people and different types of bleeds in more detail, so that we can choose the best treatment for each patient."
This study was supported by an unrestricted grant from Bayer AG.
Annie Young, PhD, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, will present this study during an oral presentation on Monday, December 11, at 10:30 a.m. EST in Room B207 of the Georgia World Congress Center.
###
The study authors and press program moderator will be available for interviews after the press conference or by telephone. Additional press briefings will take place throughout the meeting. For the complete annual meeting program and abstracts, visit http://www. hematology. org/ annual-meeting . Follow @ASH_hematology and #ASH17 on Twitter and like ASH on Facebook for the most up-to-date information about the 2017 ASH Annual Meeting.
The American Society of Hematology (ASH) (http://www. hematology. org ) is the world's largest professional society of hematologists dedicated to furthering the understanding, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disorders affecting the blood. For more than 50 years, the Society has led the development of hematology as a discipline by promoting research, patient care, education, training, and advocacy in hematology. The Society publishes Blood® (http://www. bloodjournal. org ), the most cited peer-reviewed publication in the field, as well as the online, open-access journal, Blood Advances® (http://www. bloodadvances. org ).
CONTACTS:
Stephen Fitzmaurice
ASH
561-506-6890
sfitzmaurice@hematology.org
Adam Silverstein
FleishmanHillard
917-697-9313
adam.silverstein@fleishman.com
Some residents on and around Dalewood felt outrage and disgust.
Heli Stephenson is less sanguine than Lynn about living with student housing in the area, where she grew up.
"Those days, every house was a home with children, a great area to grow up in. My parents came to Canada after World War Two as displaced people from Estonia escaping communism. They raised me with strong values and respect for everyone."
In the early '80s, she and her husband moved to Dalewood Avenue when it was still great for family, she says. "But as older residents passed away, the houses were bought by investors and rented to students, probably parallelling the university expanding."
Now, she says, there's only one young family left on Dalewood; things are worse.
"Three years ago at 4 a.m., we were woken by fireworks, non-stop. I finally went outside and asked them to stop. They carried on shooting these fireworks including one aimed at me that landed at my feet."
A spark started a fire that melted the siding on one side of a neighbour's house, and charges were laid, she says.
The Dalewood party shocked her. The lawn damage and urination disgusted her.
"What occurred I have never seen before. There was one thing that really disturbed me while standing out front. A group of girls with some guys behind walked by being noisy. The girls were chanting 'Stop Means Stop.' I thought to myself, 'You silly naive girls to use such a serious statement as a joke.' As far as coexisting, I don't think there's an answer."
Hamilton lawyer Craig Burley has lived in student housing and now he's bringing up his kids in Ainslie Wood, and wouldn't be anywhere else.
"Ainslie Wood is fantastic. There are trade-offs as in all neighbourhoods. It's ideal for me because of the student profile. It suits me better than (suburbia)." It's diverse, says Craig, a member of the Ainslie Wood Community Association.
"They (party organizers) should've applied for a street closure," but he adds, "I didn't see a direct danger to the public. There were some angry confrontations." But the peace held.
"We were far worse (back then)," says Craig, a member of the Ainslie Wood Community Association.
"Now university students take it more seriously. It's vastly more expensive and their lives (and employment futures) more precarious. Nothing I did back then would follow me around (on social media) the way it would today."
That's not how Heli sees it. She finds the students less respectful.
Better, worse or the same, Lynne has no plans to move.
Neither does Lester Krames. The retired University of Toronto psychology prof lives on Stroud, partly because as an Orthodox Jew he has to be in walking distance of a shul.
He was shocked but not surprised at the numbers at the Dalewood party. "Mac should've known. This happened at Brock."
He says students get a bad rep because outsiders, nonstudents, prey on such parties, and indeed, covering the event last week, I noticed that. He says there are student rental houses occupied by nonstudents who like the party culture and the opportunity.
"Over the years, I have seen our neighbourhood evolve from residential to an extension of the campus. For the most part, students bring vitality to the neighbourhood."
But Ira Rosen, president of the Ainslie Wood-Westdale Community Association, calls the student rental situation "brutal." He lived on Haddon until a year ago.
"People walking and not realizing or caring how loud they are," at all hours.
There's also the garbage. "It attracts wildlife to the point where rabies is now a serious issue.
"What upset me most (about the Dalewood party) is the attitude that this is OK. This is not OK. This is grossly inappropriate."
If a silver lining exists, perhaps it's the fire being lit under all stakeholders to find ways to avoid a repetition, to keep things from getting like Waterloo and London, where Homecoming and fake HoCo parties attracted more than 10,000 each, with injuries reported.
Everyone's on high alert — university, student union, police, community associations, residents and the students in the houses themselves.
Some, like Lester, have been critical of McMaster, which, he says, did a good job of cleaning up drinking and security on campus but by pushing it out into the community.
But, says MSU associate vice-president municipal affairs Stephanie Bertolo, even if the university tried to pull some activity back onto campus, they can't serve underage and they can't serve underprice, part of the attraction of the street parties.
"We do take this very seriously," says Sean Van Koughnett, dean of students. "Having fun is part of the university experience but most (rental housing) students themselves don't want this. We've heard from them. 'I don't want this in my house,' they say."
Meetings are planned.
jmahoney@thespec.com
905-526-3306
0 8 Mississippi teens arrested for joy riding on school buses
DESOTO COUNTY, Miss. - Southaven police told FOX13 DeSoto County teenagers are facing some hefty fines and maybe jail time.
Police said they were notified about this from people who saw the teens joy riding in the bus.
Southaven Police said teenagers thought the bus barn behind Desoto Central Elementary, Middle, and High schools was a play area.
Trending stories:
Mark Little with the Southaven Police Department said, “We ended up arresting eight juveniles for getting on the buses and joy riding on the school property.”
Southaven Police Captain Mark Little said the teen broke into two school buses on a Sunday earlier this month and managed to get their hands on keys to the buses.
Police said the teens took the buses for a joy ride around the schools and managed to cause damage to a fence surrounding the bus yard.
The teens are now facing criminal charges.
“You are looking at malicious mischief and conspiracy to commit a crime. Malicious mischief is a result of the amount of damage which is going to be over a thousand dollars so that makes it a felony,” said Southaven Police Captain Mark Little.
Little said the teenagers who were arrested are between the ages of 14 and 17-years-old.
Police said six of the teens were Desoto Central Middle and High School students.
The other two were from other schools in Desoto County.
Police said the teens caused well over a thousand dollars' worth of damage to the busses and school property.
“Apparently, they didn't have anything better to do on a Sunday night,” Captain Little said.
Police said the students were suspended from school for three days.
Their criminal cases in juvenile court are ongoing.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
ENCINITAS, Calif. — Work is soon set to begin on bike and pedestrian improvements on Santa Fe Drive and Encinitas Boulevard as part of a 40-year North County infrastructure project, Caltrans announced Friday.
Construction near the Interstate 5 overpass at Santa Fe Drive is set to start before mid-month, and work at the freeway's intersection at Encinitas Boulevard will begin later this spring, according to the state's transportation agency.
Both areas will see the construction of separated bike and pedestrian lanes along the east and westbound lanes in an aim to increase North County east-west connectivity.
Motorists should expect narrowed lanes and intermittent delays and noise during construction. A path will be maintained along one side of each street for bikes and pedestrians during the 18 months it's expected to take to complete the improvements in each area.
The work is part of Build NCC (North Coast Corridor), which includes extending the carpool lanes on the I-5 in each direction through Encinitas and Carlsbad; double-tracking the rail line from Cardiff-by-the-Sea to Solana Beach; replacing the highway and rail bridges at the San Elijo and Batiquitos lagoons; restoring the San Elijo Lagoon; and constructing nearly 10 miles of new bike and pedestrian trails.
Build NCC is the first phase of a 40-year program and is expected to be completed by 2021 at a cost of $700 million. It is funded through federal and state dollars and TransNet, the local half-cent sales tax for transportation uses.
Home improvement doesn't need to be difficult. With some careful planning, you can come in on time and on budget. Continue reading to learn some great tips on how to make your next project go smoothly.
Just like when you move a heavy piece of furniture with drawers in it, you will want to remove these from your cabinets and counter bases before you install them. They will be much lighter and easier to deal with if these have been taken out ahead of time. They are very simple and easy to put in when you are finished.
Carpet the bottoms of the drawers you keep your hand tools in. This will not only make the shop room a quieter place but it will help protect your valuable tools. Keep those tools rust free by spraying the carpet lightly with machine oil before you place the tools inside the drawer.
Recycle the molding in the closets of your old house to finish out your renovation project! Sometimes, finding molding to match the molding from old houses can be almost impossible. One option is to remove the molding that is, likely inside your closets. You'll never notice that it's gone and it will be restored to its glory, out in the open where it can be seen.
A great home improvement tip is to check out Youtube whenever you encounter a problem that's needs fixing. There are thousands of helpful videos on Youtube that will show you how to fix problems at home. This can be a great way to keep cash in your pocket.
Consult a professional for larger jobs. Even if you think you know what you are doing, you can benefit from a professional's experience in the field. A professional has done the job more often than you have and can help you find supplies, get the job done quicker and troubleshoot any problems.
Don't just dump your purses on the floor of your closet, organize them. Simply buy some silver hooks from your local Lowe's or Home Depot. If the space allows, place the hooks on your closet bar and hang your purses on the hooks. Arrange them by size, shape or color. Whatever you do, you are sure to feel the benefits of the cleared up space.
When beginning a home improvement project, try to get an accurate estimate of how much work you are facing. Making a list of all your expected tasks and requirements. You should also not discount the value of second opinions in evaluating your needs and plans. Once you have created a clear, accurate list, it will be easier to keep the project on track in terms of cost.
On a cool day, visit every room of your home and pass your hands over every door and window to check for drafts of cold air. Adding or replacing your weather stripping can help increase your heating and cooling systems by as much as 20 percent. Adhesive brush and PVC sealant are other alternatives; each should set you back no more than fifty dollars.
A full remodel of your kitchen and counter tops can be very expensive. For a more affordable update, consider having your counter tops refinished by a local contractor. This is also an option for anyone who wants to change the look and feel of their kitchen but cannot afford to completely replace cabinetry.
Are you tired of getting bit up by bugs every time that you step outside of your home? Why not screen in your patio so you and your family can sit outside happily. Screening your patio is a great way to keep your home looking great all year long.
Whenever you are doing an electrical home improvement job, overestimate the number of sockets each room needs. No matter how generous your plans are, an extra duplex outlet in most rooms will prove itself a wise investment over and over. When it comes to your home's resale value, "there are too many plugs in here" is a phrase home buyers never say.
While attending to home improvement on any property, remember that while personalizing a room to your own individual taste is great, the expense may not necessarily be recouped at the time of resale. Expensive wallpapers or tiles that suit your taste may be viewed for discarding by the next purchaser and therefore the cost will not be recovered.
Always keep in mind that whenever you're working with woodwork, make sure you never eye something that must be level. Before starting a project, have a tape measure, an accurate level and a square handy for all your measurements.
To add a unifying effect to your home's decor, consider painting all of the trim white (or another color that complements every room's walls). Matching trim throughout the house adds visual continuity as you move from room to room and ties your decor together.
Learn about the different kinds of screws that are needed for different materials. It's worth the brief amount of time it takes to confirm that you have the right kind of screws for your next job. Wood screws are ideal for tasks that incorporate wood. Similarly, if you are working with sheet metal, use sheet-metal screws.
Putting a hand grip or rail in ones shower may seem like is a simple home improvement job that could save you a trip to the hospital from falling in the shower. Having a rail to steady oneself while getting in and out can also make showering more comfortable.
If you plan to sell your home in the near future, you should avoid expensive home- improvement projects that cater to your unique personal tastes. Such projects will often be a waste of money in the sense that they will not correspondingly raise the value of the home. For example, installing expensive custom-made bathroom tiles from Italy is a poor choice for a home-improvement project because potential buyers will rarely agree with you on their value. Prospective buyers will have their own personal tastes and will already be planning to incorporate their tastes into their own projects.
If you have chosen to replace your roof with a metal one and need a vent there are different types that you can use. For each type of roof type you will need to choose the one that will be the most efficient for you. Do your research and choose wisely.
Even if you have only a hundred dollars at your disposal, there are many affordable and accessible home-improvement projects that can have a great impact on the appearance of your house. Keep the advice from this article in mind as you begin to plan out your next home and garden project.
Rising stars enabled Hucknall and Linby Dolphins to stay competitive against tough opposition at the Arc Centre Matlock pool on Saturday.
The novice gala is specifically for nine, 10 and 11-year-olds and has 55 races to truly test the depth of the Junior squad.
Despite some setbacks through injuries and illness, Dolphins were in third place after 10 races but were unable to hold onto this and eventually finished fifth in the eight-team gala.
Three runner-up spots went to Katie Hill in the U10 Freestyle, Backstroke and Butterfly.
Individual runner-up spots for Joel Gospel (U9 Backstroke), Ellie Norris (U9 Breaststroke), Esme White (U9 Freestyle), and Ben Staniforth (U10 Backstroke) were the highlights of the night.
Third places went to Joel (2) U9 Breaststroke and U9 Freestyle, Ben U10 Freestyle, Alexa Sherratt U10 Breaststroke, Rhys Harwood U9 Breaststroke and Sophie Pritchard U9 Freestyle.
Lewis Kemp joined Joel, Ben and Tyler Dennis in the 4x25 medley to win the boys U10 relay.
The remainder of the points were won by Brooke O'Hanlon, Ella Skellington, Jacee Jem Fells, Izzy Coleman, Josh Kemp and Sam Ellison.
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan to Harvey Weinstein: There was no consent
Rose McGowan to Harvey Weinstein: There was no consent
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Prosecutors: Gun went off in girl's backpack at LA school
Prosecutors: Gun went off in girl's backpack at LA school
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Katherine Ebert, left, gives her statement during Larry Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. Nassar is seated far right. The former Michigan Sta...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Erin Blayer, left, listens to Michigan Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis before giving her statement during Larry Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday, Jan. ...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Larry Nassar appears for his sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The former Michigan State University sports-medicine and USA Gymnastics doctor is being...
(AP Photo/Kathy Willens, File). FILE - In this March 3, 2012, file photo, gymnastics coach John Geddert is seen at the American Cup gymnastics meet at Madison Square Garden in New York. Gymnasts who were molested by sports doctor Larry Nassar are reser...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Larry Nassar, right, swears in during his sentencing near defense attorney Matthew Newberg at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The former Michigan State University sports-...
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) - The Latest on the final sentencing hearing for disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar (all times local):
5:55 p.m.
A man who tried to attack Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom has publicly apologized again and insists he's "no hero."
Randall Margraves told reporters Friday that he's remorseful and embarrassed. He says, "This cannot be a lawless society."
Margraves lunged at the disgraced former sports doctor after listening to two daughters speak in court about how they were sexually abused. A third daughter also says she was a victim. Sheriff's deputies tackled Margraves.
Margrave says he lost control when it appeared that Nassar was shaking his head during his daughters' statements.
Morgan Margraves says her father was hearing some details for the first time. She says he reacted "like most fathers would have done, and probably wanted to do, in a situation like this."
___
12:35 p.m.
A judge says there's "no way" she will punish a father of three victims of Larry Nassar after the dad tried to attack the former sports doctor in a Michigan courtroom.
Randall Margraves apologized Friday, a few hours after he charged toward Nassar during a sentencing hearing in Eaton County, Michigan.
Judge Janice Cunningham says a punishment isn't appropriate based on the crimes committed by Nassar and the anguish felt by families. But she also says it's wrong to "combat assault with assault."
Cunningham could have given Margraves a jail sentence or fine as she considered whether to hold him in contempt of court.
Nassar must listen to scores of victims before he's sentenced next week for sexual assault. He's admitted molesting young gymnasts. He's already been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison in another county.
___
11:50 a.m.
A doctor who specializes in gynecology says Larry Nassar molested her at age 11 at a camp for elite gymnasts.
Brittney Schumann says she couldn't be an advocate for women's health by staying anonymous. She told Nassar, a former sports doctor, that he's a "disgrace" to the medical profession.
Victims are confronting Nassar in court in Eaton County, Michigan. Earlier Friday, a father of three of Nassar's accusers tried to attack Nassar. Bailiffs quickly tackled the father.
Nassar will be sentenced next week for molesting three girls at a gymnastics club, but he first must listen to dozens of victims. He's already been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison in another Michigan county.
Nassar worked at Michigan State University and at USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians.
___
10:50 a.m.
A sentencing hearing has resumed for Larry Nassar after a father of three of his victims tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor in a Michigan courtroom.
Randall Margraves was quickly tackled by bailiffs Friday when he lunged at Nassar. Two of Margraves' daughters are among more than 30 victims who've given statements during the hearing, which began Wednesday.
The judge resumed the hearing after about 25 minutes. She said the pain and suffering endured by Nassar's victims is "unthinkable," but that families can't react with physical violence.
The hearing focuses on sexual abuse that occurred while Nassar worked with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club.
More than 150 girls and women confronted Nassar in a separate case focused on his time with Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics. He was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison in that case.
___
9:20 a.m.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
Bailiffs tackled the father Friday morning in the courtroom.
After two of his daughters spoke, the father, Randall Margraves, asked the judge for "five minutes" in a locked room with Nassar. The judge said she could not do that.
Margraves then asked for one minute, but the judge said she also couldn't allow it. He then rushed at Nassar.
Two of his daughters had given statements to the court. They said their other sister also had been molested by Nassar.
Crying could be heard in the courtroom as Nassar was escorted out. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to "use your words" and that violence "is not helping your children."
___
9:05 a.m.
A Michigan judge says controversial comments made by an attorney for disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar were "unfortunate."
Judge Janice Cunningham opened the second day of Nassar's final sentencing hearing on Friday by addressing comments that attorney Shannon Smith made the day before to radio station WWJ.
Smith said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they are victims.
The judge says Nassar didn't authorize the statements and has disavowed them. Cunningham says it's unfortunate Smith made the comments during the sentencing proceedings.
Cunningham says "what is relevant is for the court to hear each individual story and how the criminal actions of the defendant impacted each individual's life."
The hearing focuses on Nassar's work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. More than 30 victims have given statements so far. During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward.
___
11 p.m.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar is expected to hear from more victims who say he molested them when his third and final sentencing hearing resumes.
The proceedings that continue on Friday probably will extend into next week.
This time the focus is on abuse that happened at the elite Twistars gymnastics club in Michigan where Nassar offered treatments. The young athletes who confronted Nassar on Wednesday saved some of their harshest words for John Geddert, an Olympic coach who operated Twistars.
They said Geddert created an ultra-competitive atmosphere, was indifferent to injuries and rarely offered gymnasts any choice to see a different doctor.
Geddert has been suspended by USA Gymnastics, the sport's governing body, and has announced his retirement. He transferred ownership of the gym to his wife.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Complete access to news articles on azcapitoltimes.com is available to Arizona Capitol Times' subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab below. Others may join our audience of successful Arizonans with a subscription today
Mobile Developer
A client of mine is looking for an individual to come in on a 3-6 Month Contract. This is an amazing company, they are looking to make you permanent or extend the contract. The lunch that they have is amazing and there are many added benefits to this position. Qualification:MatricAny IT related Degree or relevant experience Skills & Experience: Minimum 3+ years' experienceObjectC / SwiftC#Xamarin (advantageous)React Native Job Description:As the Mobile Developer, you will be coding for a high profile company. There are additional benefits to the job as well apply and find out. The successful candidate will be developing an application that millions of users will be on almost every day. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, MARISA LUDSKI on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027266.
Learn more/Apply for this position
FRIDAY, Feb. 2, 2018 -- Maybe there's some truth in the long-standing belief that dogs can sense fear in a human.
According to a new British study, anxious people may be at increased risk for dog bites.
The finding came from a survey of nearly 700 people in northern England, done by researchers from the University of Liverpool.
As part of the study, participants were asked if they were ever bitten by a dog, whether they knew the dog that bit them, and the severity of the bites. They also took a 10-item personality test.
The more emotionally stable and less neurotic the participants were, the less likely they were to have been bitten by a dog, the study found. As a person's emotional stability score increased by a single point, between 1 and 7, their likelihood of having been bitten fell by 23 percent.
"Dog bite prevention schemes may also need to target particular behaviors around dogs by different victim personality types," wrote the authors led by Carri Westgarth, from university's Institute of Infection and Global Health.
Overall, 1 in 4 participants had been bitten by a dog. Men were nearly twice as likely to have been bitten as women.
More than half of the participants -- 55 percent -- had been bitten by a dog they didn't know. Also, people who owned several dogs were three times more likely to have been bitten than those who didn't own dogs.
Dogs' characteristics -- sex, age and breed -- were not taken into account. The study only found an association between human personality traits and frequency of dog bites.
The study results were published online in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health.
"It is essential that previously assumed risk factors are reassessed as this study has revealed that prior beliefs -- such as bites typically being from familiar dogs -- are contested," the study authors said in a journal news release.
The American Veterinary Medical Association offers tips for preventing dog bites.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Sen. Will Espero has resigned from his seat in the Hawaii Legislature on Wednesday. (Image: Hawaii News Now/file)
Sen. Will Espero announced his resignation from the Hawaii Senate on Wednesday afternoon as a requirement of his run for the lieutenant governor's seat.
Espero represented District 19, which included the Ewa Beach area. The senator's resignation will officially go into effect on Thursday, and he plans on submitting retirement papers on Friday.
"I am undertaking this process due to state law that says I must resign if I am to run for the office of Lt. Governor," Espero said in a statement. "Next year, I would like to suggest that the law be amended to allow a person to leave office under my circumstances on the date of the general election instead of the filing period for office."
Hawaii's general election will be on Nov. 6.
"It has been an honor and privilege to serve the residents of my district for almost 19 years," Espero said. "I am optimistic about the future and will fondly remember my career in the Hawaii Legislature."
Espero will be running against Kauai Mayor Bernard Carvalho, Sens. Jill Tokuda and Josh Green, Maile Luuwai, and Kim Coco Iwamoto for the Lt. Governor's seat.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
The data would include information about the illnesses patients are suffering from and which medication they are taking. The Christian Health Mutual fears that this would tighten the grip of the pharmaceutical industry on health care.
The American company QuintilesIMS is one of the world's leading medical sector service providers. The company provides services to both hospitals and the pharmaceutical industry.
The Christian Health Mutual's Tom Joos told VRT News that "The company process the data and passes it on to third parties. The hospital is given a benchmark so that it can be compared with other hospitals as regards for example its use of medicines.
They can also receive other services free of charge such as training and software”.
A BRILLIANT, if somewhat controversial, catch by Sam Billings to dismiss James Faulkner has stolen the limelight in England's Twenty20 tour match against a Prime Minister's XI.
England mowed down the PM XI's total of 136 with eight wickets in hand and 44 balls to spare, but it was Billings' boundary rope hopping catch that had the cricket world talking.
WATCH THE CATCH IN THE VIDEO PLAYER BELOW
Faulkner was caught in the deep at Manuka Oval by Billings, who tossed the ball in the air as momentum took him over the rope. He then turned and jumped from outside the rope, caught the ball while still in the air and then landed back in the field of play while holding the ball.
The catch would have been illegal five years ago as you then had to be in the field of play before completing the catch.
The law was changed because the MCC wanted to encourage athletic catches, but despite the new rule having been around for so long, Billings' catch still caused plenty of consternation.
Glenn Maxwell took a similar catch against England in a one-day international at Headingley in 2015 — and back then he didn't think the catch should have stood.
“I don't think it makes a whole lot of sense,” Maxwell said three years ago. “I think you should have to get back into the boundary.
“I think if you look at the basketball rules you have to jump from inside to throw it back in, you can't jump up in the air and catch it on the way back in.
Camera Icon Sam Billings runs towards the rope ... Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Sam Billings grabs hold of the ball ... Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Sam Billings tosses the ball up in the air ... Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Sam Billings leaps from outside the field of play ... Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Sam Billings lands in the field of play. Picture: Supplied
“You've got to make sure your feet have landed inside the court and I think it should be the same in cricket.
“While we're taking catches on our side it doesn't really bother me, but I know if I was a batsman I'd be pretty upset if that was the dismissal.”
In Friday night's match, Nathan Lyon was smashed for 34 runs in one over by David Willey, whose all-round heroics guided England to a thumping victory in Canberra.
Fresh from a BBL stint with the Perth Scorchers, Willey opened the batting and unloaded on the Test offspinner with five consecutives sixes.
Camera Icon Nathan Lyon got hammered for five sixes in one over. Picture: Getty Images
But he couldn't get the elevation required off the final ball, slicing the PM's XI skipper through the covers for four.
It was a stylish tune-up for England ahead of their tri-series against Australia and New Zealand.
Willey put in an outstanding performance, blasting 79 off 36 balls with six sixes and six fours after earlier claiming 3-32 with the ball. He put on 87 for the first wicket with James Vince in a little more than six overs to take the game away from the hosts.
Willey's seventh attempt to clear the rope was his last when he was caught on the boundary by Sean Abbott off Mitchell Swepson's (2-33) bowling. In Willey's 16 T20 internationals, he has never batted higher than seven and has come in as low as No.10.
Camera Icon David Willey unleashes with the bat. Picture: Getty Images
Earlier, Peter Handscomb played a lone hand with 43 off 29 before England spinner Liam Dawson had him bowled, one of his three victims for 16 from four overs.
Faulkner did nothing to improve his chances of a national recall, struggling for two from nine balls before being smashed for 20 runs off two overs.
The tourists' bowlers were in control for much of the PM's XI innings after Willey struck early, removing openers Nic Maddinson and Peter Nevill for eight and six respectively.
Pointe Claire, Quebec (webnewswire) May 30, 2018 – Future Electronics, a global leading distributor of electronic components, recently observed the 35th anniversary of the opening of the company's branch in Connecticut.
Future Electronics, founded in Montreal in November of 1968 by Robert Miller, President, expanded into the United States in 1972, opening its first American office in Boston, Massachusetts. The Connecticut office opened in 1983.
Connecticut has a diverse electronics market, with strong companies in the communications, industrial, lighting, medical and military industries. It also has state-of-the-art contract manufacturers that do an excellent job of supporting local businesses and keeping production within the state.
“Future Connecticut works closely with our customers, from their design stage all the way through to full production,” said General Manager Jerry Di Lillo. “Our goal is to earn our customers' trust and be responsive and flexible to their needs. When we help our customers achieve their goals, we're also successful in meeting ours.”
Company president Robert Miller congratulated the Connecticut team on the occasion of the branch's 35-year milestone, and thanked everyone for their dedication.
For more information about Future Electronics and its 169 office locations in 44 countries around the world, visit: www.FutureElectronics.com
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution, ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide, with an impressive reputation for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design. Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller, President, Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today, with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world. Future Electronics is globally integrated, with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access, while enabling full integration of its operations, sales and marketing worldwide. Offering the highest level of service, the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle, and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world, Future's mission is always to Delight the Customer®. For more information, visit www.FutureElectronics.com.
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director, Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 (ext. 2236)
Fax: 514-630-2671
martin.gordon@FutureElectronics.com
###
Native Oklahoman Ree Drummond, known as "The Pioneer Woman" paid a beautiful tribute to her mother-in-law who recently passed away.
The blogger, author, food writer, chef and entrepreneur shared a brief post on Facebook.
Drummond continued on her blog where she honored the woman who meant so much to her family.
"It's a difficult loss for our family, as she was such a rock for all of us," she explained. "We all had some time to prepare for this, though I've found over the course of the past few days that nothing really prepares you for losing someone who is so much a part of the fabric of your family's daily life."
"Fortunately, we have a deep well of memories on which to draw," she wrote. "Nan was always there, ever-present, over the course of my life with (husband) Ladd — and my kids hardly saw any dividing line between our house and hers, they were in and out so much. ... I see a little bit of each of my children (and my niece and nephew) in her."
"She was a quiet, steady force and lived a faith-filled life," she noted. "She loved her family."
Although the Food Network star didn't discuss her mother-in-law's cause of death, just days before Nan passed, Drummond told her readers that her family was "experiencing the pain of having a loved one in hospice care with cancer."
"The hard news and hospice came on Mother's Day, just as we were entering what was otherwise one of the happiest weeks in the Drummond family, with both Caleb and Paige graduating," she wrote. "It's been a constant flow (and undefinable mix) of emotions and tears — I haven't been able to discern where the graduation tears start and the hospice tears stop."
[India], Mar. 19 (ANI): The Northern Railway on Monday confirmed that they have recovered an unidentified package from the Sangam Express at a time it was stationed at Uttar Pradesh's Hapur Station.
The concerned authorities in a missive confirmed the news and said that the situation is being monitored.
"A torch like-object, with wires attached to it, was found in a toilet of the train. Security forces are present here and the area has been cordoned off. We are taking all the necessary precautions," said the police.
The Northern Railway PRO stated that the officers and staff of the railway are already on the site and a thorough checking of the train has already begun. "We are ensuring that there is no threat to the passengers. The situation is being monitored by senior officers. We are taking this matter very seriously. All actions are being taken to ensure the safety of passengers," read the statement. Earlier, the Northern Railway received a call for a suspected unidentified package from a coach of 14164 Sangam Express at Hapur Station. (ANI)
[India], June 15 (ANI): Lashing out at the Home Ministry over an incorrect image published in its annual report, the Congress Party on Thursday said it is time for the Centre to end their 'Photoshop business', while accusing them of practicing 'jumlaraj'.
"Photoshop is the habit of this government that is practicing 'jumlaraj'. With such an error being made, it is time for them to end their Photoshop business. Printing errors have occurred in the past, but this is a completely different situation, which the government will never accept," Congress leader Tom Vadakkan told ANI.
The Union Home Ministry on Wednesday ordered an internal investigation to find out how the picture of Spain-Morocco border was used in its annual report to show floodlights along the India-Pakistan border. The picture of the Spain-Morocco border is printed on page 40 of the annual report. The annual report of last year was tabled during the Budget Session of Parliament in April. According to reports, Spain and Morocco have a sea between them but there are Spanish conclaves on the north coast of Africa that have a fenced and floodlit border with Morocco. (ANI)
SEATTLE, WA — Amazon, Amazon, Amazon, what in the world are you thinking?
The online shopping powerhouse just got a patent for a new “accessory” for its employees. Picture a Fitbit, but more “big brother.”
Amazon recently received a patent for a wristband that would be able to tell where a worker hands are at all times. No, not like that! Amazon claims the futuristic bracelet is a new way to free up employee's hands from scanners so your online orders get to your door faster.
Here's the breakdown: ultrasonic devices scattered throughout the warehouse track the wristbands in relation to where the bins are that hold the products. If the employee's hands go to the wrong item or bin, the bracelet will vibrate. That means no slacking off and probably no overly long potty breaks!
Of course, the Twitter community has a few words to say about it:
Even though Amazon has the patent, the likelihood of it becoming a reality is slim, but if it does come to fruition, maybe don't apply to work at Amazon?
CRUISE season is under way in the Top End, with three ships set to arrive in Darwin Port over the next 12 days, carrying more than 5500 passengers.
More than 3000 passengers will arrive on the Voyager of the Seas this morning. Cruise passengers will be able to view the Anzac Day March in the Darwin CBD, as well as learning more about the story of the Bombing of Darwin at the Royal Flying Doctor Service tourist facility at Stokes Hill Wharf.
They can also enjoy the Anzac Day Races at the Darwin Turf Club, as well as shopping and entertainment in the Smith Street Mall and Darwin Waterfront.
Port Darwin MLA Paul Kirby said the cruise ship industry was worth about $87.6 million each year to the NT economy.
“Darwin is a popular cruise ship port, with the cruise ship season creating jobs and providing a boost to the local economy in what is typically the low tourism season,” he said.
“From October last year through to July this year, Darwin will welcome 43 cruise ships and more than 47,700 passengers.” The second ship to arrive will be the Insignia on Monday, April 30 at 10am carrying about 650 passengers.
This ship will be followed by the Sun Princess, set to arrive on Sunday, May 6 at 12.30pm with about 1990 passengers. Mr Kirby said the Gunner Government wanted to grow the number of cruise ships visiting the Territory, using the newly developed NT Cruise Sector Activation Plan.
Wednesday on MSNBC's “The Rachel Maddow Show,” host Rachel Maddow reacted to news that James Hodgkinson, the now-deceased alleged shooter in an incident that has resulted in five people hospitalized, including House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA), was a fan of her program.
Maddow referenced a Hodgkinson letter to the editor that appeared in the July 29, 2012 edition of the Belleview (IL) News-Democrat, but denied having received correspondence Hodgkinson.
“[H]e once submitted a letter to the editor that cited statistics about political donations that he says he heard on this TV show because he said he watched this TV show,” she said. “I should tell you we went through our correspondence today as soon as we got his name, as soon as we got that detail about him. We didn't find evidence he ever sent anything to this show or tried to contact us at all.”
During the re-air of her program at 12 a.m. ET, the segment did not air. Instead, the opening segment was a replay of a May 26 segment about allegations of President Donald Trump and his associates having ties with the Russian government.
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
WAYNE Bennett is set to take one of the biggest selection gambles of his career by blooding teenage Broncos powerhouse Payne Haas against the Rabbitohs on Thursday night.
The 18-year-old Haas is in line to make his NRL debut at ANZ Stadium as Bennett searches for a way to spark Brisbane's teetering season.
Haas is on standby for prop Matt Lodge (ribs), but could also be picked on the bench in place of Sam Tagataese.
Haas is one of the NRL's brightest young prospects, a 117kg forward who has been likened to Cowboys beast Jason Taumalolo and dual-code superstar Sonny Bill Williams.
Camera Icon Payne Haas is in line to get his big break on Thursday night. Picture: AAP
Bennett has been reluctant to rush Haas into the NRL, knowing he could thwart his development by blooding him too soon.
But the 10th-placed Broncos are in need of an energy boost and Bennett said Haas was ready for the challenge.
“He is close to it but he still hasn't got on the field yet,” he said after Wednesday's training session.
“We're eight weeks into the competition and he's had that at state league level.
“He is a different boy to what he was when he started there.
“We've got to see if he gets an opportunity. I'll talk about him after, and when, he plays.”
The Broncos are in rare territory after seven rounds with a 3-4 record that sees them well outside the all important top four.
Test lock Josh McGuire will replace injured hooker Andrew McCullough and Bennett admitted he was not thrilled about Brisbane's position nearly a third of the way through the season.
“I'm not feeling great, but at least we are playing decent football,” he said.
Camera Icon Payne Haas in action for Seqgulls in the Queensland Cup. Picture: AAP
“If we kept playing like the week we played the Titans I'd be in a coma by now.
“We haven't done that. We've picked our act up since then.
“We've played a close game in Newcastle, Auckland, last week (Storm)…we're heading in the right direction.
“Points are important, but they're not that important at the moment.
“What's important is we start to get our game back together and start to play the quality of football we're capable of playing. The rest will look after itself.”
Bennett said he would make a final decision on the make-up of his team on Thursday.
No sooner had Keaton Jones' mother uploaded the now much-spoken-of bullying video, than a lot of well-wishers, both celebrities and ordinary netizens, started sharing the most uplifting comments with the boy and his older sister, whose Twitter account is now being used to this end.
Captain America's Chris Evans is one of them, as he chose to cheer Keaton up by sending him some friendly tips on Twitter, together with an extraordinary surprise — an invitation for him and his mom to attend the "Avengers: Infinity War" premiere next week.
"Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better."
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) 10 декабря 2017 г.
​A wave of comments immediately followed, with many thanking Evans and all the others for extending a helping hand, others sharing their own bullying stories and making unbiased judgements. Some say once you get bullied at school or even earlier, it'll stay with you forever, making you deal with it for years to come:
That's great. I was bullied in school on two occasions. One I snapped and dealt with it. The other, I was in complete fear of. That stuff lingers for a lifetime. — Sean (@eGOmarine) 11 декабря 2017 г.
Nice move, Cap…nice move. — S Turner (@MsSauntee) 10 декабря 2017 г.
Always thought that those who discriminate others (for whatever is in their mistaken hearts), in fact, they are self-discriminating.
What a Great Man you are, Chris.🌸💓 — ∂ﾉﾒ∂ 🌸 (@shinetome) 11 декабря 2017 г.
​Rapper Snoop Dogg has also weighed in, saying Jones is welcome to get in touch with him by direct message, so that he can say a personal word of support to him.
"Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate," he wrote on Instagram.
Evans and Snoop Dogg are just two on the long list, closely followed by other movie stars, Mark Hamill and True Grit's Hailee Steinfeld. The latter posted a video, inviting Keaton to the premiere of Pitch Perfect 3 on Tuesday.
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ pic.twitter.com/3l8P4fKAqW — Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) 10 декабря 2017 г.
​Even Ultimate Fighting Championship president Dana White reached out to Jones, who took the chance to welcome the boy to the UFC headquarters, prompting Donald Trump Jr., the president's son, to offer his support and assistance in case Keaton took White up on his invitation.
Meet Keaton Jones a very smart little boy who is being bullied at school. This video is heartbreaking!! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters. If anyone knows how i can reach the family please let me know. Thank u everyone pic.twitter.com/BR8c4ldDFc — Dana White (@danawhite) 10 декабря 2017 г.
This boy is incredibly brave and the video really got to me. @danawhite, If he takes you up on your offer to see UFC Headquarters, I would be honored to host him and his family at our place if they need somewhere to stay. https://t.co/EWx05o0yI0 — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) 11 декабря 2017 г.
​In a more recent post, Dana White appreciated netizens' help as he was trying to contact Jones and stressed once again the kid "is special and we all feel it," adding "he was dying to meet him."
Thank u all for helping try to find Keaton. 1000% the greatest post and response in my social media history. This kid is special and we all feel it. Dying to meet him!! — Dana White (@danawhite) 10 декабря 2017 г.
The emotional video in which the Tennessee schoolboy described how he was being tormented at school has enjoyed over 18 million views since Sunday, his crowdfunding page having collected more than $29,000 for educational needs.
In the video, having spoken out against strong-arming, Keaton bravely sought to offer encouragement to other kids who are also battling bullies at school.
"People that are different don't need to be criticized about it," he said. "It's not their fault. But if you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you. Stay strong, I guess."
"We all know how it feels to want to belong," Keaton's mother said in her post, "but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere."
READ MORE: Perfect As It Is: Girl With Rare Birthmark Inspires the Web With Body Positivity
Prevent Flu
Ever wonder how doctors and nurses prevent flu? After all, they are surrounded by people with high fevers and the flu, coughing at them in small exam rooms.
The answers may surprise you–and mainly because some of the most important preventative steps are so simple!
1. Wash Your Hands (or use hand sanitizer)
This is the number one thing doctors say they do to prevent flu.
“I wash my hands before and after every patient I see,” says Dr. Michael Freedman of Evolve Medical. “In fact, I wash or sanitize pretty much every time I touch someone or something other than my personal items.”
Use warm water and soap and scrub for at least 20 seconds. Nancy Hughes, MS, RN, director of the Center for Occupational and Environmental Health in Silver Spring, Md says, “I use a paper towel to dry my hands and to turn off the faucet, especially in public bathrooms.”
2. Keep Hands Away from Face
No matter how clean you think your hands may be, keep them away from your face–particularly your nose, mouth and eyes. People constantly rub their eyes, their nose or touch their mouth.
Doctors and nurses swear that keeping their hands away from their face is one of the most critical ways to avoid getting infected.
Things we do every day and are practically subconscious are also big problems.“Computer keyboards, telephones, doorknobs, pens that are given to you when you sign for a credit card purchase or in a doctor's office — all of these are surfaces that have great potential for harboring germs,” says Neil Schachter, MD, professor of medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City and author of The Good Doctor's Guide to Colds and Flu.
Another insider tip: Be careful with lip balm. Use lip balm in a tube during flu season as opposed to something that you use your finger to apply to your lips.
3. Get The Flu Shot
The flu shot won't prevent flu…but it will hopefully prevent you from dying (or getting hospitalized) from the flu.
This year's flu shot is, unfortunately, not particularly good. But even with that said, it's better than nothing! According to current estimates from the CDC, this year's shot is about 30 % effective against this year's strain of the flu.
Many people don't get the flu shot because they feel they have gotten the flu from it in years past.
But the flu shot can not–never, ever–give you the flu. Why? Because the flu shot contains an inactivated vaccine made of killed virus. Because the viruses in this vaccine are killed (inactivated), the shot simply can't cause you to get the flu.
People CAN develop other symptoms, though, that make them think the flu shot made them sick. According to the Mayo Clinic, these are the reasons people think the flu made them sick:
Reaction to the vaccine.
Some people experience muscle aches and a fever for a day or two after receiving a flu shot. This may be a side effect of your body's production of protective antibodies.
The two-week window.
It takes about two weeks for the flu shot to take full effect. If you're exposed to the influenza virus shortly before or during that time period, you might catch the flu.
Mismatched flu viruses .
In some years, the influenza viruses used for the vaccine don't match the viruses circulating during the flu season. If this occurs, your flu shot will be less effective, but may still offer some protection.
Other illnesses.
Many other diseases, such as the common cold, also produce flu-like symptoms. So you may think you have the flu when you actually don't.
While you can get the flu shot and have it still not entirely prevent flu, the odds of having serious complications like pneumonia go down when you have the shot.
4. Live Healthy
Practice good healthy habits. Get plenty of sleep, exercise regularly, drink plenty of fluids, eat a nutritious diet and manage your stress.There is no better way to prevent flu–or to prevent other illness–other than living a healthy life rich in nutritious food and exercise.
5. To Prevent Flu, Avoid People Coughing and Crowds 5. To Prevent Flu, Avoid People Coughing and Crowds
Sneezing and coughing is one of the quickest ways to spread a virus. Both a sneeze and a cough are designed to get rid of whatever is bothering your body. Unfortunately, getting rid of germs in such a violent method means spreading germs in a rather large spray of saliva, mucus, irritants and viruses.
If you see someone coughing and sneezing, if it's possible, move away.
A cough can shoot out 3,000 droplets per cough–at 50 mph.
Sneezes are even worse! A sneeze expels up to 100,000 droplets of mucus, virus and junk at up to 100 mph!
6. Natural Ways to Stay Healthy
Although no natural remedy has been proven to be prevented flu specifically, a number of natural or complementary approaches have been shown to help with other viruses that causes colds.
Zinc Lozenges
“I swear by them,” says Dr. Freedman of Evolve Medical. “The research is actually very clear.”
In fact, a sweeping review of the medical research, conducted by the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (a respected medical source), found that Zinc lozenges with 13mg of Zinc, taken every 3-4 hours, beginning on the first day of symptoms, shortened the viral illness an average of one day or more and sharply reduced the severity of the symptoms.
Nose and Sinus Rinses
A lot of people are terrified of the Neti-Pot, which some describe as “water-boarding”. Others have no problem using it. There is an alternative to Yeti-Pot called Neil-Med, which is a squirt bottle method. Using the squirt bottle takes away the passive dribble of water and just shoots it up and out.
But be careful, experts say tap water isn't safe for nasal rinses! It has to be filtered water.
Supplements/Herbals
According to the NIH, other approaches such as vitamin C, Echinacea, garlic and American Ginseng have shown conflicting, mostly negative (potentially harmful) results.
And Remember:
5-20% of the population gets the flu each year, on average
People are contagious from the day BEFORE symptoms start
People are contagious for 5-10 days AFTER the illness starts (days after they feel better and return to work or school.)
Bottom Line
If you or someone in your family has sudden onset of high fever, whole body aches, chills and feels generally awful, see your provider right away. At Evolve, we can administer a rapid Flu Test to get an answer in 10 minutes. We recognize that the only anti-viral treatment available must be started within 2 days of symptom onset.
For more information, visit the Maryland Department of Health's Flu Watch page or Anne Arundel Health Department of Health's Flu Tips page.
If you have been experiencing fever, headache, dry cough or any of the above symptoms, please see your doctor immediately–remember that flu must be treated in the first 48 hours!
Evolve Medical is always happy to see you as well. Same day scheduling on-line here or call 844-322-4222. Or email them at [email protected]
If you find these health and wellness updates helpful, follow Evolve Medical on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or Google+.
Related
Category: Breaking News, LIFE IN THE AREA, NEWS, OPINION, Post To FB
CAMDEN, Ark. — Family members say thousands of people watched as Keiana Herndon took her last breath.
Richard Herndon says his 25-year-old daughter was live streaming to Facebook from a friend's home in Arkansas on Wednesday.
The video began with Keiana singing and putting her two youngest children in the spotlight, according to KARK.
A few minutes later, she fell and the phone dropped out of her hand.
Keiana's uncle, Jeffrey Herndon, watched the video after her death.
“It was really hard,” he told KARK.
He said he could hear Keiana struggle to breathe and her son screaming in the background.
A friend showed up at the home nearly 30 minutes after she collapsed.
“It's amazing for someone to sit there and see somebody or hear them take their last breath and nobody did anything,” Richard Herndon said. “So, I want to take my hat off to everybody that actually did something.”
Family members said Keiana recently learned an issue with her thyroid could be life-threatening, but the medical examiner will determine her exact cause of death.
The Annapolis Symphony Orchestra is delighted to host world-renowned classical guitarist Manuel Barrueco in the next Masterworks concert of the 2018 season. The concert will take place on March 2 and 3 at 8 pm at Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts in Annapolis. Led by its longest-serving Music Director, José-Luis Novo, the concert will feature one of the most beloved pieces for guitar and orchestra, Joaquín Rodrigo's Concierto de Aranjuez. The concert repertoire will also include Xavier Montsalvatge's Sortilegis, Claude Debussy's Ibéria fromImages, and Ottorino Respighi's Pines of Rome.
Manuel Barrueco is an internationally recognized musician whose talents have taken him all over the United States, from the New World Symphony in Miami to the Seattle Symphony, and from the Hollywood Bowl with the Los Angeles Philharmonic to New York's Lincoln Center. He has been described as a superior and elegant musician, with seductive sound and uncommon lyrical gifts. He has appeared on multiple television programs, including “CBS Sunday Morning” and “Mister Rogers' Neighborhood,” and even starred in a Lexus car commercial.
Barrueco is a Grammy-nominated recording artist, with his recording of Joaquín Rodrigo's Concierto de Aranjuez being cited as the best recording of that piece in Classic CD Magazine. Barrueco began playing guitar at the age of eight and later completed his advanced studies at the Peabody Conservatory of Music, where he now shares his love for music with a number of wonderfully gifted young guitarists from all over the world.
Single tickets and 3-concert Flex Passes are available at www.annapolissymphony.org. Tickets can also be purchased by calling the Box Office at 410-263-0907.
Major funding for the Annapolis Symphony is generously provided by Elizabeth Richebourg Rea, ezStorage, Coldwell Banker, M&T Bank, Wilmington Trust, the Maryland State Arts Council, Arts Council of Anne Arundel County, and Friends of the Annapolis Symphony Orchestra. Mr. Rodrigo's performance is made possible by a generous gift from William Seale and Marguerite Pelissier.
The Annapolis Symphony Orchestra is led by Music Director José-Luis Novo, who is in his thirteenth season with the orchestra. The orchestra comprises 70 professional musicians who perform a variety of symphonic music for audiences of all ages. The non-profit organization provides educational programs through its partnerships with local schools, and various other community outreach efforts.
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, MUSIC & ENTERTAINMENT, NEWS, Post To FB
A Russian-made web browser has recently adopted a new function which helps protect users' privacy when they access adult-oriented content on the Internet.
The Yandex browser, a freeware web browser developed by the Russian-based Yandex corporation, has apparently obtained a nifty new feature which automatically offers the user the option to switch to an incognito mode when they attempt to access a porn site, news website TJ reports.
Now, when a Yandex browser user is about to open some adult-oriented web page, they are presented with a pop-up window which asks them whether they want to switch to incognito mode.
If the user agrees, the website gets loaded in a new tab with the incognito mode on, while the original, ‘normal mode' tab gets closed and any traces of visiting the website in question gets erased from browsing history along with the corresponding cookie file.
Also, the browser then offers the user the opportunity to toggle an option to always open porn websites in incognito mode.
READ MORE: 'Parallel Internet': Russia Reportedly Can Create Alternative to World Wide Web
As Yandex representatives told TJ, this is a relatively new feature and its implementation wasn't yet officially announced, and that this mechanism works only in the desktop version of the browser.
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with him at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
She adds that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott himself starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
The Allwinner sun4i-drm driver has a ton of new code ready to ship with the Linux 4.13 kernel that will greatly help many Allwinner SoC users out there running this open-source Direct Rendering Manager driver.The sun4i-drm updates have a lot of work to extend the driver's coverage to different SoCs. First up for this driver in Linux 4.13 will be V3s display engine support, which is used by newer Allwinner SoCs like the H3, A64, and others. There's also now HDMI support for Allwinner SoCs -- currently the A10s but the Free Electrons developer indicates it can be extended to the A10/A20/A31.There's also preliminary work in this driver for supporting dual-pipeline SoCs including the A10/A20/A31/H3, but that dual-pipeline support isn't fully completed for Linux 4.13.The sun4i DRM driver changes being called upon for DRM-Next to in turn land for the Linux 4.13 cycle can be found via this pull request
Paramedics attend to a wounded man after a shooting broke out in Macerata, Italy. Picture: Guido Picchio/ANSA via AP
Rome - An Italian man opened fire on African migrants in the central city of Macerata on Saturday, injuring several people, police said, in an attack that appeared to be racially motivated.
The shootings happened just days after a Nigerian migrant was arrested in connection with the death of an 18-year-old Italian woman, whose dismembered body was discovered hidden in two suitcases near Macerata.
The incident looks certain to jolt campaigning for a March 4 national election, with a centre-right alliance that leads in the polls promoting a fiercely anti-migrant programme.
Local media reported that at least six migrants were shot by a man firing out of a car window as he drove around Macerata, which is located about 200 km east of Rome.
Police later said they had arrested an Italian man and published a photo of him, with an Italian flag draped over his shoulders, being taken away by armed officers.
State television Rai said he was a 28-year-old from Macerata and that a pistol had been discovered in his Alfa Romeo car.
The spent cartridge case of a firearm is seen on a street after a shooting broke out in Macerata, Italy. Picture: Guido Picchio/ANSA via AP
Police said one of the injured foreigners needed surgery, but gave no further details.
Local witnesses said a man fired out of his car window at two young African migrants shortly after 11 am (1000 GMT), wounding one of them. A short while later there were reports of further drive-by shootings in the city.
Right-wing politicians campaigning ahead of next month's vote had leapt on the gruesome death of the teenager Pamela Mastropietro to promote their anti-migrant message.
A preliminary postmortem on the teenager could not immediately identify her cause of death. The Nigerian suspect, who was denied asylum last year but has remained in Italy, has refused to talk to police.
"What was this worm still doing in Italy?" Matteo Salvini, head of the far-right League, wrote on Facebook, accusing the centre-left government of responsibility over Mastropietro's death for allowing migrants to stay in the country.
"The left has blood on its hands," he wrote.
Magistrates say witnesses saw the Nigerian suspect carrying the suitcases that were later found to contain the teenager's body. They also found blood-stained clothes and knives in his possession.
More than 600 000 mainly African migrants have reached Italy by boat over the past four years. The centre-right bloc, which includes the League, says the vast majority have no right to asylum and has promised mass expulsions if it takes power.
Leftist parties have ruled out any such deportations.
"The news from Macerata leaves me horrified and shocked. We must stop this spiral of hate and violence," said Pietro Grasso, who is the head of the Free and Equal party.
Reuters
Mumbai,February 28, 2018
Press Release
Oils& Fats Pavilion at drink technology India (dti) 2018
 New technology pavilion ‘Oils and Fats‘ introduced
 The Oil Technologists' Association of India (OTAI – West Zone) officially supports drink technology India to strengthen the segment
The leading annual trade fair for the beverage, dairy and liquid-food industry in India – drink technology India (dti) is introducing oils and fats pavilion this year in Mumbai, owing to the high growth projected in India for oilseeds, oils and fats and its derivatives. The pavilion will feature products and technologies pertaining to raw and auxiliary materials, production and processing, logistics, quality control and assurance, research, filling and packaging technology, deep frying and more.
drink technology India has garnered official support from the Oil Technologists' Association of India (OTAI – West Zone)to strongly represent the oils and fats segment at the trade fair. The OTAI is a pioneer trade association in the field of Oils and allied products, which has been engaged in disseminating the latest relevant information on scientific and technical developments to its members.
Delighted with new association, Mr. Bhupinder Singh, CEO of Messe Muenchen India stated: “2018 edition of drink technology India in Mumbai will be very exciting with introduction of oils and fats pavilion. We are extremely delighted with our new partnership with OTAI and are confident to offer varied solutions and learning oppor-tunities to our attendees.”
Dr. Rajeev Churi, President of OTAI shared his enthusiasm on this occasion: “OTAI is extremely pleased to join synergies with drink technology India to bring light on oil and liquid food segment. Our collaboration will prove to be beneficial for the sector and we look forward to working closely with Messe Muenchen India on this initiative.”
drink technology India will take place in conjunction with india-pack and pacprocessin Mumbai from October 24 –26, 2018 at Bombay Exhibition Centre and will feature Oils & Fats Pavilion for the very first time. Additional information is available at www.drinktechnology-india.com
Press contact drink technology India
Siddharth Narain
Tel. +91 9971600 355
Siddharth.narain@mm-india.in
Analysis of gravitational lensing data by an international research team reveals that the evolution of galaxy clusters is dictated by a surprisingly simple law, which clearly shows that they are still growing
Osaka - As science enthusiasts around the world bid farewell to legendary cosmologist Stephen Hawking, researchers continue to make important discoveries about the evolution of galaxy clusters that capture the imagination.
Now, an international collaboration between Yutaka Fujita at Osaka University and researchers from Taiwan, Italy, Japan, and the United States found a new fundamental law that stipulates the evolution of galaxy clusters. They recently reported the study in The Astrophysical Journal.
Galaxy clusters are the largest celestial body in the Universe (Fig.1). However, it has been difficult to measure their size and mass accurately because they mainly consist of dark matter that we cannot observe directly. One way to observe the dark matter indirectly is to use the gravitational lensing effect based on Einstein's theory of relativity. Light rays from a galaxy behind a cluster are pulled by the gravity of the cluster as they pass through it, and their paths are bent (Fig.2). This is exactly the same effect as a lens, focusing the light of the distant galaxy and distorting its shape. If we can measure the distortion of the shape for many background galaxies, we can reveal the gravitational field of the cluster, and as a result, we can accurately measure its size and mass.
"One difficulty in our research," explains Keiichi Umetsu at Academia Sinica in Taiwan, "was that accurate measurements of the distortion were necessary." To overcome this problem, the research team has used precise observational data from NASA's Hubble Space Telescope and the Subaru Telescope operated by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan.
Combining with gas temperature data from the Chandra X-ray satellite, the research group statistically examined those latest data and found that they conform to a simple law represented only by the size, mass, and gas temperature of clusters. Moreover, by making full use of computer simulations, they showed that clusters have grown over 4 to 8 billion years according to the law. Theoretically, the law means that those gigantic clusters are still in adolescence, growing by drawing a large amount of surrounding substances with their strong gravity (Fig.3).
"We've discovered the law that regulates the growth of clusters of galaxies," Fujita says. "Clusters have an internal structure uniquely created in an early growth spurt."
The law is so simple that we can use it to calibrate cluster mass-observable relations, which are a key ingredient for studying the cosmological laws of the Universe.
"Our research draws us closer to explaining the evolutionary history of clusters and the Universe," Fujita adds.
###
Osaka University was founded in 1931 as one of the seven imperial universities of Japan and now has expanded to one of Japan's leading comprehensive universities. The University has now embarked on open research revolution from a position as Japan's most innovative university and among the most innovative institutions in the world according to Reuters 2015 Top 100 Innovative Universities and the Nature Index Innovation 2017. The university's ability to innovate from the stage of fundamental research through the creation of useful technology with economic impact stems from its broad disciplinary spectrum.
The need for food assistance in the Ozarks is continuing to outpace the record growth in meals served by Ozarks Food Harvest. And their distribution center isn't big enough.
“The O'Reilly Center for Hunger Relief has reached full capacity and lacks the space and the right kind of space to meet the ever increasing needs of our community,” says one of the board of directors Tamara DeWild.
Food insecurity in the Ozarks continues to be higher than both the state and national average.
So, Ozarks Food Harvest is launching their Ending Hunger Building Hope campaign. Which, is a 56,000 square-foot warehouse that will be built to help provide with the growing need.
“We now serve over a quarter million people ever year, a quarter million different individuals ever year are getting food assistance throughout Southwest Missouri,” says president and CEO Bart Brown.
We throw away one billion pounds of food every year. Brown says we have more than enough resources, in our country, to feed everyone. Saying, it's a solvable problem.
“We're excited to be able to use this to acquire a lot more food,” says Brown. “But more importantly, the right types of food.”
Such as fresh produce.
Ozarks Food Harvest serves more than 200 relief programs all in 28 Southwest Missouri counties. Simply because one in four children will go hungry in Missouri.
Over 31 million meals are provided to meet the needs of men, women, and children who struggle with hunger.
“But it is, especially, devastating to the children. There not at a point in their life where they can change the solution,” says board of directors member Dr. Meera Scarrow. “They suffer in silence. Often not understanding why they don't have food and many of their friends do.”
Just last year, the food bank was forced to turn away over one million pounds of food because it didn't have the space.
With this campaign, Ozarks Food Harvest hopes they can feed America by starting here in the Ozarks.
