GREEN BAY, Wis. — Green Bay Packers running back Ty Montgomery is listed as doubtful to play against the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday because of broken ribs.
Montgomery got hurt in last week's win over the Chicago Bears. He appeared to be wearing a flak jacket under his jersey while practicing on a limited basis this week.
Backup running back Jamaal Williams, who hurt his knee in the Bears game, was dropped from the injury report on Friday and should be available against Dallas.
Receiver Davante Adams was listed as questionable. He remains in the concussion protocol following a helmet-to-helmet hit by Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan, though he has been moving around well at practice.
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
FILE - In this Oct. 25, 2017, file photo, Atlantic Coast Conference Commissioner John Swofford speaks during the Atlantic Coast Conference men's NCAA college basketball media day in Charlotte, N.C. College basketball spent an entire season operating amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering problems within the sport, from unethical agent conduct to concerns over the "one-and-done" model. Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton, File)
FILE - In this Oct. 25, 2017, file photo, Atlantic Coast Conference Commissioner John Swofford speaks during the Atlantic Coast Conference men's NCAA college basketball media day in Charlotte, N.C. College basketball spent an entire season operating amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering problems within the sport, from unethical agent conduct to concerns over the "one-and-done" model. Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton, File)
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - College basketball played an entire season amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering troubles within the sport, from shady agent dealings to concerns over athletes who'd rather go straight to the pros.
Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix the complex, wide-ranging problems.
On Wednesday morning, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented for next season.
"I expect the proposals will be strong," NCAA president Mark Emmert told The Associated Press. "They'll certainly break with the status quo. That's their charge and their mission. That's what we need.
"I think it's going to be a very good day for college sports," he said.
That would be welcome, considering there has been no shortage of bad days in recent months.
The Commission on College Basketball formed in October , a few weeks after federal prosecutors announced they had charged 10 men - including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, USC and Oklahoma State along with a top Adidas executive - in a fraud and bribery scandal.
The case involves hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged bribes and kickbacks designed to influence recruits on choosing a school, agent or apparel company. And it has entangled schools such as Kansas, North Carolina State , Louisville and Miami , among others, though prosecutors withdrew a criminal complaint in Feburary against one of the defendants, a youth hoops program director.
Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems.
"Sometimes unfortunately that's what it takes," Swofford told the AP. "You'd like to think that collectively the basketball world could've seen this coming and had the foresight to get out ahead of it. But that's not reality. Organizations and people, we all sometimes need wake-up calls. And I see this as a wake-up call, and therefore an opportunity."
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
"The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level," Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. "You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome."
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because "I don't think there's a silver bullet here" to fix everything. And he expects the commission to offer "substantive" findings.
"If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us," Swofford said.
___
AP College Sports Writer Ralph D. Russo in New York and AP Sports Writer John Zenor in Birmingham, Alabama, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
THE Today show is in damage control — again — in the wake of Karl Stefanovic's embarrassing Uber-gate scandal.
Stefanovic and his co-host Georgie Gardner — the woman he slagged off within earshot of an Uber driver while on a loud speaker phone call to his brother, Peter Stefanovic — were today kept separate during the breakfast TV show.
Today co-host Georgie Gardner was sent out to cover the fires by Nine bosses to “bide some time” before she and Stefanovic are reunited in the studio, crisis management experts speculated today.
Stefanovic remained in Nine's Sydney studios, with newsreader Deb Knight filling Gardner's chair, while Gardner reported live from the fires in Tathra, on the NSW south coast.
Camera Icon It's not all smiles behind the scenes at Today, crisis experts say. Picture: News Corp Australia
Peter Stefanovic and his wife, Today newsreader Sylvia Jeffreys, were also out at the fires. Jeffreys, of course, had been brought into the saga as she was in Uber when her husband Peter Stefanovic, had the scandalous call with his brother.
Yesterday, Gardner took a thinly veiled swipe at Karl on Today, calling him “pathetic”.
But media analyst Steve Allen said Stefanovic and Gardner needed to reunite properly ... and soon.
“I think they've got to do it this week. It will become a bit too obvious (the separation) if this just goes on until Friday,” Mr Allen told News Corp Australia today.
“They're letting the chemistry reset itself. No doubt they will see each other around the network and suddenly, they'll appear together on set again.”
Camera Icon Today co-hosts Georgie Gardner and Karl Stefanovic put on a show in front of the cameras. Picture: News Corp Australia
Mr Allen said the rationale from Nine's bosses was: “Let's not have any awkward moments for the next few days. Let it run its course. They're trying to buy breathing space, I think”. “Some of what the brothers discussed was certainly incendiary, regardless of how they've apologised since,” Mr Allen said.
“So it's probably smart to now have to close a relationship with people that they have criticised.”
Crisis management expert Peter Wilkinson said the Stefanovic-Gardner on-air partnership would “bounceback” from the scandal.
Camera Icon Will Today hosts Georgie Gardner and Karl Stefanovic recover their on-air working relationship after Uber-gate? Picture: News Corp Australia, David Caird
“They're silly boys having a silly conversation that they shouldn't have had,” Mr Wilkinson — a former Nine journalist — said.
“And people will see it in that light. This will leave a negative one for those most affected.”
Mr Wilkinson said there was no doubt that Stefanovic — Nine's golden boy — would keep his plum job as co-host of Today.
“People's jobs in TV are more dictated by ratings than issues like this,” Mr Wilkinson said.
“What happens in these situations is the public makes their own judgment on these things.
“In this case, I think the public would see the Stefanovics as a couple of larrikins, rascals, ratbags, that's the top-line reaction.
“That is a really dumb thing to do — have a personal conversation like that about colleagues in front of anybody else.”
Mr Wilinson also said Stefanovic and Gardner should make light of the controversy when they are on-air together.
“The audience will watch the program for the next couple of weeks looking for some kind of rift. You won't see a thing.
“If they're clever enough to make light of it, then people will move on pretty quickly.”
It's understood Nine had been aware of the leaked Uber call details for “a few weeks”, according to a source, and that it was “done and dusted”.
A joint-investigation into the mysterious booms rattling the communities of Bucks and Lehigh Counties reveals the cause to be explosions, according to police.
Taking shots at comedian Roseanne Barr, pharmaceutical company Sanofi fired off a tweet on Wednesday, saying that while the sleeping drug Ambien does have side effects, racism just isn't one of them.
Sanofi's full statement reads, "People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
The company's response followed Barr's strange explanation of the early Tuesday Twitter rant that got her show cancelled as a terrible Ambien-fueled mistake. That morning, she suggested on Twitter that former Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett was the child of the "Muslim Brotherhood & planet of the apes." Jarrett, who is African-American and was born in Shiraz, Iran, is neither Muslim nor a member of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Though the 65-year-old promised to leave Twitter after issuing her apology, stating that it was a joke gone bad, she didn't manage to stay off the social media platform for long. Retweeting memes and fans defending her hours after news broke that her ABC show had been cancelled, Barr blamed the mishap on the fact that she'd consumed some Ambien.
"It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting — it was memorial day too — i went 2 far & do not want it defended — it was egregious Indefensible," Barr wrote in a since-deleted tweet. "I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but… don't defend it please."
It should be noted that Barr isn't the first person to blame Ambien for a bad decision. In 2012, Kerry Kennedy, Sen. Robert F Kennedy's daughter, blamed the sleep aid for a drugged-driving incident, USA Today reported. Ambien also played a role in the downfall of golf star Tiger Woods after police found him asleep in his car in the middle of the highway after ingesting the drug.
Barr has since stated that she would be addressing the entire controversy on Joe Rogan's podcast, "The Joe Rogan Experience," this upcoming Friday.
Not one to shy away from the Twitterverse, US President Donald Trump even jumped in on the conversation by criticizing Disney CEO Bob Iger, who supported ABC's decision to cut ties with the 2018 revival of the late 1980s-90s sitcom, "Roseanne." Disney owns both the ABC television group and ABC News.
"Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," Trump tweeted Wednesday. "Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?'"
Both Trump and Barr have been longtime supporters of each other.
Jarrett has since stressed that Barr's remarks should be seen as "a teaching moment."
​Speaking on an MSNBC town hall program that aired late Tuesday, Jarrett said that she was "fine" and that she was more "worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers who come right to their defense."
"The person who is walking down the street minding their own business and they see somebody cling to their purse or want to cross the street; or every black parent I know who has a boy who has to sit down and have a conversation, 'the talk,' as we call it," she said. "As you say, those ordinary examples of racism that happen every single day. I think that is why I am so glad to be here this evening talking with all of you."
ABC's reboot of "Roseanne" garnered an average of 18.1 million viewers, according to The Hill. Shortly after the show aired in March, it was renewed for a second season. That season will now not be produced.
So much for Kylie Jenner's lips and J.Lo's booty. The new plastic surgery trend is wanting to look like President Donald Trump's daughter, Ivanka!
Surgeons say women come in wanting Ivanka's clean, sculpted facial features including her high cheekbones, eyes, nose and face shape.
Tiffany Taylor and Jenny Stuart, two Texas women who sought after Houston-based plastic surgeon, Dr. Franklin Rose, to be the best Ivanka look-alike, had multiple procedures and threw a lot of cash in order to get their ideal look.
Taylor, 33, has spent $60,000 for cheek fillers, multiple breast augmentations, liposuction, a mini eye lift, cheek lift and a nose job. Stuart, 36, spent $30,000 for a nose job, Brazilian butt lift, injectable fillers for her face and breast implants.
Dr. Rose says women are copying Ivanka not just because of her beauty, but her style and elegance as a businesswoman.
WASHINGTON — Two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer is scheduled to pitch Game 3 of Washington's NL Division Series against the Chicago Cubs, after Gio Gonzalez starts Game 2.
Nationals manager Dusty Baker finally announced his rotation plans, just a few hours before Game 1 of the series on Friday night.
Scherzer's playoff debut this year was delayed because he tweaked his right hamstring in his last regular-season appearance. He had been slated to throw a bullpen session off a mound Wednesday, then Thursday, but finally did so on Friday.
For Gonzalez, 15-9 with a 2.96 ERA in 2017, Saturday's game will be his fifth career post-season start but only second at home. His other Nationals Park playoff outing came in 2012, when he was staked to a 6-0 lead in the deciding Game 5 of an NLDS against the St. Louis Cardinals but Washington wound up losing 9-7.
The left-hander said he had been preparing to pitch in Game 3 at Wrigley Field until he was told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2.
Washington's Game 1 batting order against Kyle Hendricks included 2015 NL MVP Bryce Harper hitting second, after leadoff man Trea Turner. Anthony Rendon hits third, followed by Daniel Murphy and Ryan Zimmerman. Harper returned last week after missing 42 games with an injured left knee.
"Perhaps he'll get fastballs with Trea getting on base, which is important, and we know that Bryce isn't back 100 per cent timing-wise," Baker said. "So you want to not have him in those key RBI situations right now. By next week or end of this five-game series, we might do something different."
Chicago's lineup also has a past NL MVP in the No. 2 hole: 2016 honoree Kris Bryant, who is followed by Anthony Rizzo, Willson Contreras and Kyle Schwarber.
The teams' NLDS rosters were released Friday morning, and John Lackey made Chicago's 25-man list. Lackey was not among the starting pitchers that Cubs manager Joe Maddon already had announced, so his status was in doubt. Lackey, a right-hander, has won three World Series titles, but he was only 12-12 with a 4.59 ERA this season for the NL Central champions.
Also in Chicago's bullpen, in a mild surprise, is left-hander Justin Wilson, who had a 5.09 ERA in 17 2/3 innings with the Cubs after arriving from the Detroit Tigers in a trade. But he also has this key career stat: Murphy is 0 for 6 against Wilson with three strikeouts.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Bobby Word and Kenny Carpenter combined to score 36 points and Cleveland State tied a school record by hitting 14 3-pointers en route to a comfortable, 89-56 win over Division II-Notre Dame College on Sunday.
The Vikings launched 39 3-point attempts. Word led the barrage, hitting 4 of 13 from distance. Shawn Christian, who hit 3 of 6 attempts from deep, and Carpenter, who was 2 of 6, were the only other players to convert more than a single trey.
Cleveland State (3-6) shot 33 of 69 from the field and forced 30 turnovers, turning them into 32 points. Word finished with 19 points while Carpenter added 17 and grabbed eight boards. Tyree Appleby added 12 points and collected four of the Vikings' 19 steals.
Notre Dame College, from South Euclid, Ohio, got 23 points from Halil Parks, who hit 4 of 9 from behind the 3-point arc.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
“Oh, has it changed.”
Art Basel Miami Beach launched in 2002, yet it has only in recent years become the fashion crowd destination juggernaut that it is today. The revitalization of the Design District, credited to Craig Robins, has included the opening of countless luxury boutiques, and those brands have created a lineup of parties and events throughout the week of Basel that has come to rival New York Fashion Week.
This year's parties drew Cardi B, Drake, Diplo, Paris Hilton, Ricky Martin and more for blowout events, though one of the week's signatures, Aby Rosen's dinner and after party, was notedly absent from the itinerary. It all seems to beg the question: is the Basel bubble about to burst?
Paul Sevigny, credited to the aforementioned quote, certainly feels so.
“It used to really be a small community of the dealers, the gallerists and the artists,” he said Thursday evening at an Assouline dinner. “You knew everybody within a four block radius. And now it's turned into an international s—t show. Honestly, don't you feel that people are dressed more than New York Fashion Week? Or Paris for that matter? I don't know how much time these people spend actually looking at the work. I don't know if that's the point anymore. There are huge corporate sponsors now — in the same way that Sundance changed and Coachella. This year I feel like there are so many people doing it now that it's actually calmed down a little, just because it's so spread out. There are so many different festivals. I don't know how many of these things the art world takes seriously anymore.”
“I remember it seemed very naïve and now it's definitely a more produced fair,” said Jeremy Scott, who threw one of the biggest parties of the week for Moschino.
“The whole thing is expanding,” said the artist Urs Fischer, who has been coming to Art Basel in Miami since 2005. “I think the whole city got more crazy.”
“For the last couple of years it's sort of been this vibe,” agreed the artist Daniel Arsham, whose sentiments were shared by Stefano Tonchi. “Somehow every year it gets a little bigger,” W's editor-in-chief said.
“It's starting earlier in the week,” said The Webster's Laure Hériard Dubreuil, who cited the emergence of the Design District as a change agent in the scene. “I think with the opening of the Design District, it took a few years to adapt. “
“It's an important fair to come to, to stay in the know,” said Alex Assouline. “But the parties have been taking so much of the big aspect, taking a bit away from the art aspect.”
Come Saturday it was time for most of the New York set to make their way back home, braving the city's first snowstorm of the season as the harsh reality set in that Art Basel escapism was over. The party scene may be dominating the arts, but perhaps New Yorkers need a week of wild fun in Miami after all.
More from Art Basel Miami Beach:
Art Basel Miami Beach: Friday Night Finale
Art Basel Miami Beach: Cardi B Isn't Walking Away Empty-Handed
Art Basel Miami Beach: Ricky Martin, Man About Town
Art Basel Miami Beach: Livin' La Vida Loca at Prada Double Club
Art Basel Miami Beach: Diplo, Jeremy Scott Kick Off the Week
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- Two people were rushed to the hospital after reports of a stabbing in Scranton.
Police were called to Hamm Court just before 9 p.m. Monday.
The two victims were taken to a hospital and at least one person was taken into custody.
Newswatch 16 spoke with a neighbor who heard the commotion happening right outside her home.
"I grew up here. It's not the neighborhood that it was when I was 10 years old, but it's very nice. It's very safe. It's very clean. But when something like this happens, it's always disturbing," said Mary Kay Maldonato.
Police have not released any other information.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Aaron Rodgers stood on the sideline, fighting off the December chill inside a large green Packers jacket and stocking cap.
His game-day look could soon be more familiar.
Relegated to being a cheerleader since breaking his collarbone in October, Rodgers may be back on the field next Sunday for Green Bay, which kept its playoff hopes ticking by rallying to beat the Cleveland Browns 27-21 in overtime.
The Packers (7-6) overcame a 14-point deficit in the fourth quarter and were helped by the always generous Browns (0-13), who found yet another way to lose and are now three defeats from NFL infamy.
Brett Hundley, who had the unenviable job of stepping in as Rodgers' part-time replacement, threw three touchdown passes, and the Packers forced Browns rookie quarterback DeShone Kizer into a critical mistake in the OT to keep their season relevant.
When Rodgers went down on Oct. 15, slammed to the turf by Minnesota linebacker Anthony Barr, the Packers' season seemed to be as good as over. But Green Bay managed to go 3-4 without its star QB, winning the past two weeks in OT, and the Packers are now poised to make a postseason push.
“We're like a zombie, we refuse to go down,” said Packers left tackle David Bakhtiari. “That's a nice characteristic you want from a team when physically, the injuries are piling up. I don't know what percentage we've had with back-to-back overtime games and having two walk-offs. It's definitely a momentum builder.”
The Packers are rolling indeed. Rodgers returned to practice in pads last week, and as long as he clears any medical tests this week, No. 12 is expected to be back behind center next week when the Packers visit Carolina.
Green Bay coach Mike McCarthy ducked any questions about Rodgers' status, preferring to keep the focus on his team's gutty comeback and not the return of his two-time MVP.
“We love Aaron Rodgers, but I will not answer any questions about him today,” McCarthy said. “This is about winning the game. He's still in the medical situation, and as soon as we have the information, we will try to get it to you.”
After Packers safety Josh Jones intercepted Kizer early in overtime, Hundley connected on a short pass to Davante Adams, who spun out of a tackle and scored Green Bay's game-winning TD before running into the tunnel and straight to the locker room.
Rodgers wasn't far behind. In a few days, he may be leading again.
CLUTCH HUNDLEY
With Rodgers' guidance, Hundley has bailed out the Packers.
He finished 35 of 46 for 265 yards without an interception and exploited Cleveland's defense with bubble screens and quick-hitting passes. In regulation and OT, he was a combined 12 of 16.
“It's just crunch-time situations,” Hundley said. “Big-time players make big-time plays. My dad used to say that over and over growing up and that's where it resonates in these kinds of situations with me. It's still football. You just have to perform.”
GORDON SCORES
Browns wide receiver Josh Gordon celebrated his first touchdown in nearly four years with style.
Gordon hauled in an 18-yard TD with a leaping catch in the first quarter, and then put on a pair of sunglasses when he reached the sideline. It was Gordon's first TD since Dec. 15, 2013, before he was suspended for multiple drug violations.
Gordon had a 38-yard reception on Cleveland's first play and finished with three catches for 69 yards. However, he was not available for interviews following the game.
DEAR OL' DAD
Packers linebacker Clay Matthews made a big play in overtime and then honored his dad.
Matthews got just enough of Kizer's arm to affect his throw that was picked off by Jones. Following the game, Matthews wore a replica of his father's No. 57 Browns jersey. The elder Matthews was a star linebacker for Cleveland from 1978-93.
“I got a special place in my heart for Cleveland, no doubt about it,” Matthews said, “especially with what my father was able to do here.”
Matthews was one of the few Packers to generate any pressure on Kizer. Green Bay played without its sack leader, linebacker Nick Perry, who sat out with shoulder and foot injuries.
NOT SO NIFTY FIFTY
Now three losses from a 0-16 season, the Browns fell to 1-28 under coach Hue Jackson and 4-46 in their last 50 games — the worst stretch in league history.
“I don't know why things are happening the way they are happening,” said linebacker Christian Kirksey. “We just have to keep going at it, keep fighting and keep swinging. Last year, we got that one win late so that just shows the character of the guys in this room and it just shows that we can compete with any team.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
On Friday, a Tennessee woman picked up her son from middle school, because he was being bullied so bad that he was afraid to go to lunch. The mom posted the video of her son crying as he told her about the trauma he was going through and then said quote, “Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Well the video just went viral in a MAJOR way.
In just three days, it surpassed 20 MILLION views . . . and a TON of celebrities are sending love Keaton's way.
Chris Evans Tweeted, quote, “Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the ‘Avengers' premiere in L.A. next year?”
MORE
The Range Rover Velar is no speed machine – but that should change with the introduction of the SVR model in just a few months. Spy photos and videos have capture the Velar SVR prototype on a number of occasions, but this new clip gives us an even clearer look at the upcoming SVR, as well as a healthy heaping of engine noise.
The three-minute video from YouTuber Automotive Mike shows the new SUV sprinting around the Nürburgring – covered in camouflage, of course – putting its more powerful V8 engine through the ringer. Underhood the same supercharged 5.0-liter V8 found on other SVR models will make its way to the Velar; in the Range Rover Sport SVR it produces 575 horsepower (429 kilowatts) and 516 pound-feet (700 Newton-meters) of torque. That would be a significant upgrade from the current 3.0-liter supercharged V6 in the Velar that makes 380 hp (283 kW) and 322 lb-ft (437 Nm).
In terms of visual upgrades, there's no hiding the Velar SVR's larger intakes at the corner of the front fascia, gaping lower grille, larger black wheels, and circular exhaust tips; our rendering artist attempted to visualize the Velar SVR with all of those added cues. The rest of the body is well covered up in this clip, unfortunately, but it appears the SUV will carry over most of its same styling cues from the standard version.
We should see the new Range Rover Velar SVR sometime before the end of the year. As far as pricing goes, don't expect it to be cheap. The most expensive Velar on sale today in the United States costs $103,265 with all the available options – but expect the SVR version to be even more expensive than that.
Source: YouTube / Automotive Mike
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Greensboro, N.C. • "Survivor" contestant Jeff Varner who outed fellow competitor Zeke Smith as transgender on Wednesday night's episode of the CBS reality competition has been fired from his real estate job.
The Greensboro News & Record (http://bit.ly/2p5NiVA ) reports Varner was fired on Thursday from Allen Tate Realtors because he was "in the middle of a news story that we don't want anything to do with."
Varner made accusations of "a deception" before revealing that Smith is transgender on the episode. Varner was immediately criticized by other players. He repeatedly apologized, but was voted out of the competition.
After a long journey, one Puerto Rico rescue pup is truly living in the lap of luxury.
Harry Connick Jr. recently decided to adopt the Hurricane Maria rescue dog, Tuka, that he has been fostering since meeting the pooch as a pup on his talk show Harry.
Tuka was first brought into the host's life a few weeks ago, when she visited Harry with Puerto Rico-based rescue The Sato Project as part of a segment on the upcoming Puppy Bowl, which features adoptable animals.
Connick Jr. admits he naturally gravitated toward the dog, and after holding her for a short period, decided that she might be the perfect pup to step into his family's life after the loss of his dog Sammy, who died one year ago.
NBCUniversal “Harry”/Bryan Bedder
A quick call to his wife and soon the Connick family was fostering Tuka. As is common with many fosters, the singer fell in love with the canine and eventually decided he needed the pup in his life full-time.
NBCUniversal “Harry”/Bryan Bedder
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
Connick Jr. (with daughter Kate, above right) is announcing the news on his show Harry on Monday (check your local listings or harrytv.com), sharing the heartfelt choice with the people who first brought the little rescue into his life, the staff of The Sato Project.
Catch Puppy Bowl this Sunday, Feb. 4, at 3 p.m. ET on Animal Planet.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Lanipuna Gardens, Hawaii – Allen Bertram built his Lanipuna Gardens home nearly 25 years ago. When lava ravaged his neighborhood almost two weeks ago, he lost nearly everything.
“I look outside, I see a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour. I opened the door and it came inside the house,” Bertram said.
With only the clothes on his back, Allen says he grabbed his dog and quickly ran uphill to safety.
“We slept outside and we waited until morning and then ran up to my neighbor's mac nut orchard,” Bertram said.
Trapped by lava, the only way to his neighbor's was to scale over fences.
“I had to throw my dog over the fence but then he bit me and ran away,” Bertram said.
His dog, missing. Bertram searched for shelter.
Over the next 12 days, he barricaded himself in neighbor's garage, surviving off of canned foods stored in their pantry.
“I was surrounded by lava, just hoping for the best,” he said.
Hoping to capture the attention of the helicopters flying above, Bertram says he put out a distress signal he'd learned from a TV show.
“I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag. I was praying that I was going to get rescued,” Bertram said.
Just this past Saturday, his prayers were answered.
Firefighters spotted Bertram from the air, lifting him to safety.
“Thank God… the best day of my life, very grateful to be alive,” he said.
By The Associated Press
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — German politicians are expressing concern about a possible takeover of General Motors' Opel division by France's PSA Group, maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's Cabinet discussed the possible consequences for German workers Wednesday.
Labor Minister Andrea Nahles was quoted by the dpa news agency as saying that Opel's headquarters must remain in Ruesselsheim, Germany.
Opel employs 19,000 people in Germany out of a total work force of 38,000.
Meanwhile, GM CEO Mary Barra was at the Opel headquarters in the wake of Tuesday's surprise announcement that PSA and GM were talking about expanding their current cooperation, with one option being PSA acquiring Opel.
Detroit-based GM has been trying to return its European business to profit. It last made a full-year profit there in 1999.
Praise the summer, with its
endless drought. How you'd rather
revile it, change it, pray
for the world to be another way.
Praise the sky, relentlessly clear,
and the dry field that crunches
beneath your feet.
You dream of green, dream
of laughing in the rain, dream
of puddles and the thin river
rising. But praise the scarcity,
how it teaches you what
you would rather not know—
how fragile the balance,
how every drop matters,
how lucky it is
to grow.
“Conference series and its allied Journals warmly invite you to Toronto, Canada from August 31-September 01, 2018 for the International Conference on Clinical and Medical Case Reports (Case Reports 2018). This lively congress will highlight interesting, informative and instructional case reports from all clinical disciplines. Case Reports 2018 will focus on ‘Bridging the Gap between Research and Knowledge Translation' to help improve communication and knowledge among clinical community and to provide a platform for international colleagues to establish corporations and exchanging ideas. Case Reports 2018 will provide the venue to present stimulating clinical presentations, unexpected adverse reactions and update modern diagnostics procedures and therapeutics options.
We look forward to welcoming you and spending valuable time in Toronto, Canada.”
Malcolm Turnbull fought back tears as he talked of a great-uncle of his wife, Lucy, who had died a few days after landing in France
March 19 (UPI) -- Actor Cynthia Nixon on Monday announced her bid to run for governor of New York, challenging incumbent Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo in the state's Democratic primary.
Nixon, known best for her role as Miranda Hobbes in HBO's Sex and the City, shared a video to Twitter declaring her candidacy and calling out leaders in government for "letting us down."
"Something has to change," she said. "We want our government to work again, on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore."
The 51-year-old Nixon is described as "a lifelong New Yorker and progressive activist" on her campaign donations page and if elected would be the first female and the first openly gay mayor of New York.
A Sienna College poll released Monday showed 66 percent of state Democrats prefer the incumbent Cuomo over 19 percent who prefer Nixon.
"With an overall 20-19 percent favorability rating -- 26-16 percent among Democrats -- Cynthia Nixon is far from a household name in New York," Siena College pollster Steven Greenberg said.
Cuomo, who has served two terms as governor, said last week he's "not nervous about whoever runs."
"There'll be people who run. That's called elections, and that's fine," he said.
Two former advisors for New York Mayor Bill de Blasio -- Bill Hyers and Rebecca Katz -- joined Nixon's campaign as advisors and her wife, Christine Marinoni, also recently stepped down from her role in his administration.
“U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday, with the main indexes recovering some of the sharp losses from the previous session,” Victor Reklaitis and Barbara Kollmeyer report for MarketWatch. “Investors, however, continued to assess the risk that Italy's latest political drama posed to global markets.”
“Global equities and other so-called risk assets are finding their footing Wednesday, as traders work out what Italy's politicians might deliver next. Italy's stocks and bonds, as well as the euro, are all in recovery mode,” Reklaitis and Kollmeyer report. “A coalition government led by antiestablishment parties might be in the cards again for Italy, after it looked blocked earlier in the week.”
“‘European equity markets are largely positive this morning, but political uncertainty still looms over Italy and Spain,' said David Madden, a CMC Markets U.K. analyst, in a note,” Reklaitis and Kollmeyer report. “‘Short covering and bargain-hunting have pushed stocks higher, but as the underlying political problems are far from being fixed, the positive move might not last long.'”
Read more in the full article here.
× Stream NFL games on your smartphone next year — on any carrier
Next month, you'll be able to watch NFL games on your smartphone, regardless of your carrier.
Verizon signed a new multi-year agreement with the NFL to carry football games on mobile phones. Unlike its previous contracts, Verizon will allow other carriers' customers to watch the action, too.
Starting in January, anyone with a smartphone will be able to watch games airing in their local market. So if you live in Wisconsin, you can watch Packers games. You'll also be able to watch nationally televised matches, including Thursday, Sunday and Monday Night Football games, the playoffs and the Super Bowl.
Fans will be able to stream games on three apps: Yahoo Sports, Verizon's go90 and NFL Mobile.
Streaming NFL games on smartphones had been a Verizon exclusive since 2010. Two years ago, Verizon added the ability for its customers to stream in-market and nationally televised games for free. Since then, Twitter and Amazon have also streamed Thursday night games.
“Starting with the upcoming playoffs and for seasons to come, live NFL action directly on your mobile device – regardless of carrier – will give millions of fans additional ways to follow their favorite sport,” NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said in a prepared statement.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local):
6:45 a.m.
President Donald Trump is renewing his attack on the “fake news media” amid the widening controversy surrounding the ouster of his national security adviser and talk of Congress investigations of purported Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election last year.
Trump posted a pre-dawn message on his verified Twitter account Wednesday complaining, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” He said, “This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
He added in the post that “@MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!”
The latest tweet follows a pattern of social media messages that Trump has sent, chastising news organizations both during his campaign for the White House and in the more than three weeks since his inauguration.
__
6:30 a.m.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is likening President Donald Trump to Andrew Jackson, saying he's what the American people wanted when they elected him.
The Kentucky Republican tells MSNBC's “Morning Joe” that voters “wanted a different kind of president.” He adds that “I like what he's doing,” particularly his emphasis on lessening government regulation of business.
McConnell also said he considers Neil Gorsuch, the man Trump picked to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court, to be “the single best circuit court judge in the nation.”
He did disagree with Trump, who has asserted that millions of illegal votes in the election caused him to lose the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton. “There is voter fraud in the country,” McConnell said. “But there is no evidence that there was significant enough vote fraud to affect the outcome of the election.”
“I'm more interested in what he's doing than what he's tweeting,” McConnell said.
__
3:15 a.m.
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
2:03 Connor Shaw back running, throwing, preparing for 2017 NFL season
FILE - In this Oct. 18, 2017, file photo Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., the ranking member, and Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., chairman of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, talk before the start of a hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington. The polarizing politics of abortion have burst into the congressional budget debate, overwhelming bipartisan efforts to help millions of consumers who buy their own health insurance policies get relief from soaring premiums. Lawmakers of both parties have been negotiating over a health insurance stabilization bill for months, and some experts estimate such legislation could reduce premiums by 20 percent to 40 percent, after two years of relentless increases. One of the leading Democratic negotiators, Murray, on March 19, 2018, called the Republican offer â€œpartisan,â€� adding that it came as a surprise.(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
FILE - In this Oct. 18, 2017, file photo Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., the ranking member, and Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., chairman of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, talk before the start of a hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington. The polarizing politics of abortion have burst into the congressional budget debate, overwhelming bipartisan efforts to help millions of consumers who buy their own health insurance policies get relief from soaring premiums. Lawmakers of both parties have been negotiating over a health insurance stabilization bill for months, and some experts estimate such legislation could reduce premiums by 20 percent to 40 percent, after two years of relentless increases. One of the leading Democratic negotiators, Murray, on March 19, 2018, called the Republican offer â€œpartisan,â€� adding that it came as a surprise.(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - The polarizing politics of abortion have burst into the congressional budget debate, overwhelming bipartisan efforts to help millions of consumers who buy their own health insurance policies get relief from soaring premiums.
On Monday, Senate and House Republicans released their latest plan to stabilize the Affordable Care Act's insurance markets. It calls for new federal money to offset the cost of treating the sickest patients and restores insurer subsidies that President Donald Trump terminated last year.
That's clearly a shift from when repealing "Obamacare" was the GOP's demand. But the fine print of the GOP offer includes restrictions on abortion funding that Democrats have already rejected, a "poison pill" to abortion rights supporters. They say the proposal could block abortion coverage by some health insurance plans consumers purchase with their own money.
Lawmakers of both parties have been negotiating over a health insurance stabilization bill for months, but chances it will be added to the budget deal appear to be dwindling. Some experts estimate such legislation could reduce premiums by 20 percent to 40 percent, after two years of relentless increases.
The office of one of the leading Democratic negotiators, Sen. Patty Murray of Washington, on Monday called the Republican offer "partisan," saying in a statement it came as a surprise.
In an interview last Friday, Murray said her GOP counterparts have only recently started raising the issue of abortion restrictions.
"To me that is just unacceptable," Murray said. "Why would they add it on at the last minute?" She complained that some Republicans were taking the stabilization bill "hostage."
Republicans say their longstanding support for restrictions on abortion funding is well-known.
Abortion is just one of several divisive social issues complicating prospects for a $1.3 trillion spending bill that would keep the government open and provide funding increases for military and domestic programs.
Others include a Republican demand for stronger "conscience" protections for clinicians, and a Democratic maneuver to protect family planning money for Planned Parenthood clinics, which provide birth control for many low-income women.
Federal funding for abortion has long been restricted by a series of laws known as the Hyde amendment, which prohibit taxpayer funds from being used to pay for abortions, expect in cases of rape, incest or when the woman's life is endangered.
Abortion remains a legal medical procedure in the United States, covered by many employer plans. However, the abortion rate has dropped significantly, from about 29 per 1,000 women of reproductive age in 1980 to about 15 in 2014. Better contraception, fewer unintended pregnancies and state restrictions may have played a role, according to a recent scientific report.
Former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act attempted a compromise over abortion coverage.
Passed with only Democratic votes, the health law allowed plans sold through HealthCare.gov to cover abortion, provided they didn't tap taxpayer subsidies that help consumers pay premiums. Instead the plans must collect a separate premium for abortions, and keep the accounts strictly separate.
The ACA also allowed states to prohibit abortion coverage in their insurance markets, and about half have done so.
But abortion opponents decried Obama's compromise as a bookkeeping exercise. They wanted the Hyde amendment applied to plans sold through HealthCare.gov and state insurance markets.
The new GOP bill would apply Hyde restrictions to two streams of federal money.
One is restored subsidies that compensate insurers for required discounts on copays and deductibles for low-income people.
The second funding stream would stabilize insurance markets by helping cover costs for the sickest patients.
Abortion rights supporters say that the second prohibition could result in abortion restrictions for health insurance that consumers buy with their own money outside of HealthCare.gov. That's because a fund to help with the costs of the sickest patients would help reduce premiums across all plans in a given state.
Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., a leading negotiator for the GOP, tried to debunk such concerns late Monday, telling reporters "there's no chance of that."
Alexander pointedly reminded Democrats that Congress and the White House are under GOP control and the Hyde restrictions represent what Republicans can accept.
Other Republicans say they've already compromised, by signing onto legislation that tries to fix problems with the ACA.
"I'm willing to ensure payments are there to bring premiums down," said Rep. Chris Smith, R-N.J. "But we don't want to be complicit in taking the lives of unborn children."
___
AP Writer Alan Fram contributed to this report.
© REUTERS/ Osman Orsal German Citizen Among People Killed in Istanbul Nightclub Terror Attack
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to The Times newspaper, the 38-year-old man, named Hasan A., had been in touch with Daesh via the Telegram message service, and asked the terrorists to provide him with some 180,000 euro ($190,000) to fund the attack, the paper added.
The suspect was reportedly detained on Saturday during a police raid at his home in the city of Saarbruecken near the French border, and was subsequently arrested on Sunday.
This arrest took place less than two weeks after on December 19, 24-year-old asylum seeker from Tunisia Anis Amri drove a heavy truck into a crowd at the Christmas market on the Breitscheidplatz square in Berlin, killing 12 people and injuring over 40 others. The German Interior Ministry considers the deadly market attack a terrorist act.
Ant-Man and the Wasp finds Ant-Man in his bathtub, dreaming of Michelle Pfeiffer.
Scarface Pfeiffer?
Fabulous Baker Boys, crawling-across-the-piano Pfeiffer?
Married to the Mob Pfeiffer?
Nothing like that. The images bouncing around his brain are initially unexplained. About all that Ant-Man/Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) knows is that the woman in the dreams is the wife of Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) the scientist who invented the Ant-Man suit that bends the laws of physics and allows its wearer to shrink down to ant size.
Or vice versa. When last seen in Captain America: Civil War, Ant-Man was in Germany and the suit's size-altering mechanism was on the fritz – he was just as likely to explode in size as to shrink.
Ant Man and the Wasp doesn't waste too much debriefing us on the events of Civil War – it's possible that writer-director Peyton Reed didn't understand them, and on that score he's not alone. Suffice it to say Ant-Man's antics in Germany got him in trouble with U.S. authorities. The movie picks up the story two years later — he's been under house arrest, and is just two days from being released with a clean slate, going back into business with his buddy Luis (Michael Peña).
>> READ MORE: ‘Ant-Man': Mighty small, but still mighty
>> READ MORE: ‘Captain America: Civil War': The Marvel juggernaut, super-sized
Then he gets those psychic Pfeiffer-grams. Lang feels like he owes it to tell Pym, even if Germany left him in Dutch with Pym and daughter Hope (Evangeline Lilly). Still, they're excited to hear about the dreams, and flashbacks tell us why: Turns out Pym's wife Janet (Pfeiffer) was among the first to test the super-shrinking technology, which can riskily make a person so small they go into a subatomic Quantum Realm.
This briefly happened to Lang, and when it happened to Janet 30 years earlier, she got stuck there. Lately, Pym and Hope have been wondering if she's still alive, and they see Lang's dreams as evidence that she's reaching out from her subatomic prison, asking to be brought home. So, they start assembling parts for a machine that will take them into the Quantum Realm. The same components are sought by a crook (Walter Goggins), and there's also a mysterious figure called Ghost (Hannah Kamen-Jones) who materializes out of thin air, usually in a bad mood, to gum up the works.
There's too much convoluted plot (Laurence Fishburne's character changes sides 400 times), and the movie at times feels big and ponderous, like Ant-Man when his malfunctioning suit does the opposite of its normal effect, and he wades through San Francisco bay like Godzilla. There are also too few jokes, and though Rudd and Peña work like mad to get laughs, the come up well short of optimal levels achieved in Thor: Ragnarok.
>> READ MORE: ‘Thor: Ragnarok' is laughable. In a good way
Still, it's good to see the MCU expand to include Pfeiffer. The Quantum Realm is real enough in Hollywood – a place where women go when they age, shrinking from view until they become invisible, trapped in a dimension with no exit.
Welcome to the full-employment Marvel party, Michelle.
MOVIES
Ant-Man and the Wasp
April 20 Haoxiangni Jujube Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 280 percent to 330 percent, or to be 55.3 million yuan to 62.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (14.6 million yuan)
* Comments that improved operation and acquisition of Hangzhou based food company are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/b9dQiO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, 2018, before the baby was found dead in a diaper box, has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body. (Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP)
This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, 2018, before the baby was found dead in a diaper box, has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body. (Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP)
CHESTERFIELD, S.C. (AP) - The mother of an 11-month-old baby found dead in a diaper box near her South Carolina home has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, authorities said Wednesday.
Detectives continue to interview Breanna Lewis and her family and more charges are possible, Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks said Wednesday. Authorities said the 19-year-old mother had initially reported the child had been kidnapped.
"This is just a sad case all around," said Brooks, who called Lewis the "primary suspect" in the death of her daughter.
Lewis called deputies Tuesday saying she was attacked and that her baby, Harlee, was stolen from her arms by a man wearing a black coat, toboggan and one glove, according to the sheriff. Brooks added that the mother told them the kidnapping occurred when she went to get the mail Tuesday afternoon.
Lewis' face was bruised and her story initially seemed to check out, so an Amber Alert was issued, Brooks said. But not long after, deputies searching a field near Lewis' home found the baby's body inside a diaper box, according to authorities.
An autopsy was performed on the infant's body Wednesday, but Chesterfield County Coroner Kip Kiser said he is still investigating and isn't releasing the results yet.
Lewis is charged with filing a false police report for lying about an assault, in addition to the charge of improper disposal of human remains, Brooks said. He added that more charges are possible.
Jail officials said they didn't know if she has a lawyer. She was awaiting a bond hearing.
In other words, the much-feared drop to junk status has finally arrived. This is undoubtedly a negative development for South Africa, but there are also several misconceptions around the implications of a ratings downgrade.
Foreign currency bonds are now rated BB+, while local currency bonds are still investment grade at BBB-. The outlook on both ratings is negative. Fitch followed suit, cutting both foreign and local currency bonds to BB+, but with a stable outlook. Moody's has postponed its ratings announcement by one to two months.
South Africa experienced tremors of the seismic, political and economic kind over the past two weeks. Days after the midnight cabinet reshuffle in which former finance minister Pravin Gordhan and his deputy were replaced, S&P Global Ratings cut South Africa's sovereign credit ratings.
Assessing the market's reaction: the 10-year government bond yield had rallied to a 16-month low of 8.3percent two weeks ago, but jumped to 9percent post the downgrades (bond yields move inversely with prices). But this is pretty much where it started the year. The year-to-date return of the Bond Index has been cut to 2 percent, but it is still the leading asset class available to domestic investors with an 11 percent return over the past 12 months.
The rand traded at R12.31 a dollar just before the news broke that Gordhan was recalled from his international roadshow. It stabilised around R13.80 a dollar by the end of a volatile week, a decline of more than 10percent.
However, given all the shocks, many would have feared a worse reaction. It is clear that a lot of political risk had already been priced into the rand and South Africa's bonds prior to the recent developments. At the same time, favourable global conditions have helped. The rand is still 9percent stronger against the US dollar than a year ago and is flat year-to-date.
Knock-on effect
Local equities have held up well, with the JSE benefiting from the rand-hedge industrial heavyweights and resources. Interest rate-sensitive shares have predictably fallen. Banks in particular were hard hit, as S&P also downgraded local banks to bring their ratings in line with the government's ratings.
In summary, the market reaction was unpleasant, but within the range of volatility we've become accustomed to. A diversified portfolio would have performed reasonably well over this tumultuous period. The next question is around the longer-term outlook for investors and the local economy. There is obviously a great deal of uncertainty since, as the saying goes, in politics a week can be a lifetime.
Read also: Fitch follows S&P, downgrades SA
The rand has historically been driven by global factors - sentiment towards emerging markets, commodity prices, US monetary policy - while local factors cause volatility. Therefore, it is as much about keeping an eye on developments in Washington and Beijing as on the Union Buildings.
The minutes of the latest monetary policy meeting of the US Federal Reserve showed plans to start reducing the size of its balance sheet (all the bonds it bought in its quantitative easing programme) later this year by not replacing maturing securities. The timing is earlier than previously thought.
A weaker rand has benefits and costs. The main cost is through higher import prices. It is notable that despite the massive currency depreciation between 2011 and 2015, inflation remains subdued.
At this stage, inflation is still set to decline due to food prices peaking and the rand firming up over the past year.
The petrol price was cut by 24 cents a litre last week, even after the increase in the fuel levy. But given the weaker rand and higher global oil price, this looks set to be reversed in May.
US airstrikes on Syria pushed oil prices up event further. Syria is not an oil producer, but rising Middle Eastern tensions raise concerns of oil supply interruptions.The advantage of a weak rand is that it supports export revenues and income from foreign investments. The local pension fund is more than 50percent global, and could benefit from a weaker rand.
In terms of local equities, two things are worth pointing out. Firstly, the JSE All Share is a global index these days. Therefore it provides local investors with a great degree of currency diversification,without having to utilise their offshore allowances. Secondly, the Share has moved sideways for almost three years, while earnings' growth is expected to pick up (driven largely by resources), resulting in a more attractive entry point.
The JSE has been flat for 10 years in US dollars terms, illustrating how a weaker rand has benefited, and not hurt, the JSE from the point of view of local investors.
Despite South Africa's turbulent and often tragic political history, long-term investors in local equities have done well. The average annual real return since the 1960s is 8percent.
Since 1995, when South Africans were allowed to invest abroad, local equities have beaten global equities in rand terms by about 1percent a year despite the sustained depreciation of the rand against the dollar over this period. (The rand traded at R3.50 a dollar when exchange controls were first eased slightly in March 1995).
Ratings matter for bonds, but are by no means the most important factor. The direction of fiscal policy is key. The new finance minister said fiscal policy will not change, but he will have his work cut out to convince markets. Credibility takes time to build and can quickly be destroyed.
Unease
The resignation of the highly regarded director-general of the Treasury has added to the unease, but there is a deep pool of talent at the Treasury. If investors lose faith in the government's commitment to the fiscal targets set out in the February Budget, bonds could come under pressure. In terms of potential forced selling (passive investors who track an index) of bonds, it should only become a major problem if South Africa loses its local currency investment grade status.
Expected inflation matters greatly to the bond market, since the fixed coupon payments can be eroded. The fact that the SA Reserve Bank (SARB) remains committed to its inflation target even in the face of a weak economy is positive for long-term bondholders. S&P still rates monetary policy independence as a sign of strength.
Lastly, the main driver of bond returns over time is the starting yield. For longer-dated bonds, these are not just high relative to history and expected inflation, but also to what else is available in the world. Political and downgrade risks have largely been priced in. The local yield curve remains steep, with higher yields in longer-date bonds than shorter-term yields.
Falling inflation and stronger currencies have seen the bond yields in Russia and Brazil decline to levels lower than prevailing prior to their respective recent downgrades to junk status. Other emerging market yields are also declining, counteracting some of the upward pressure on local yields.
Some extreme post-downgrade commentary has warned that interest rates will shoot up. South Africa can experience an interest rate shock in three ways. Firstly, if the SARB hikes the repo rate, forcing banks to push up their lending rates. This is unlikely, unless there is a dramatic deterioration in the inflation outlook, but the SARB is unlikely to cut rates until the political uncertainty recedes.
Secondly, banks can increase the spread over the prime rate they charge borrowers if their own funding comes under pressure. This will only apply to new loans, and also seems unlikely at this stage.
Thirdly, a substantial increase in bond yields will increase government's future borrowing cost, and by implication that of other large corporate and parastatal borrowers. This has so far not transpired.
Dave Mohr is chief investment strategist and Izak Odendaal is an investment strategist at Old Mutual Multi-Managers.
BUSINESS REPORT
If you've ever called 911 to report an emergency, thank the Johnson Crime Commission. Establishing a national emergency number was just one of more than 200 recommendations the Commission offered up in a landmark 1967 report "for a safer and more just society."
Two years earlier, President Lyndon Johnson had appointed lawyers, educators, law enforcement officers, social workers and others – 19 members in all — to the group officially called the President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice. The 1960s was a turbulent decade, and crime had been a major concern. Johnson told the group he was spearheading a new "war on crime," and he wanted them to be revolutionary in their recommendations. Over 18 months, the Crime Commission, including 63 staffers and hundreds of consultants and advisers, collected data and studied everything from juvenile delinquency to organized crime.
The final report, "The Challenge of Crime in a Free Society," called for sweeping changes in policing, the courts and corrections. President Johnson said it was "the most comprehensive and detailed program for meeting the challenge of crime ever proposed in this country."
Carnegie Mellon Professor Alfred Blumstein, widely recognized now for his research on criminal justice and violence, was one of the original staff members of the Johnson Crime Commission. At the time, he didn't think of the report as a revolution, "but one thing that did come out of it was a movement toward thinking of the criminal justice system as a system," Blumstein says. As the Crime Commission's director of technology, Blumstein and his group developed a flowchart, often used in criminology text books, that provided a visual take on how the courts, police and corrections interact.
Sheldon Krantz was also on the commission staff. Now a visiting professor of Law at Georgetown University, he was assigned to work on the Commission's Police Task Force during a time when brutal police clashes with residents sometimes played out in full view during race riots across the country.
"I think it's fair to say in the '60s, police in America were in a somewhat primitive state, there was limited training, a lack of education, a lack of diversity," Krantz says.
The Commission concluded that to achieve more effective and fairer law enforcement, especially with the poor, minority groups and juveniles, there had to be a radical revision of police personnel practices. It also defined that the federal government's role in policing should be in providing grants to local and state law enforcement and developing community oriented policing that focused on police and residents working together to fight crime. Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says that push for ongoing training for police departments is one of the legacies of the crime report.
"We can always get better and be better," Johnson says.
The Johnson Commission concluded that seven objectives, including setting aside more money for basic research and devising different ways to deal with offenders, could help significantly reduce crime. Although many of the recommendations were wishful thinking, they did inspire changes beyond the 911 system. Here are just a few examples:
1. The Commission said there was no reliable research about crime, so it collected data on an unprecedented scale.
Legacy: The creation of the first national Crime Victimization Survey. Today, the Bureau of Justice Statistics samples households every year to collect information about crimes that are both reported and not reported to police.
2. The Commission called for improved training and professionalization for law enforcement
Legacy: Many police departments, especially in large cities, have training departments.
3. The Commission recognized and said there must be ways to lessen the tension between police and communities
Legacy: The development of the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) program
4. The Commission recommended that Congress creates a new office in the Justice Department devoted to assisting state and local law enforcement departments
Legacy: The creation of the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration, the federal agency provides federal funds to state and local law enforcement for local crime initiatives and education
Although, the Johnson Report focused on actions government could take, the Commission stated that controlling crime was the business of every American and American institution. It called for taking steps beyond cooperating with police or accepting jury duty and declared that citizens must respect the law, refuse to cut corners and reject the cynical argument that "anything goes as long as you don't get caught."
Laurie Robinson, a co-chairperson of President Obama's White House Task Force on 21st century policing, says the Johnson Crime commission report was a guidepost for her group in a number of areas.
"We looked at the Johnson's Commission work on technology and of course we zeroed in on areas like body-worn cameras."
Now a criminologist at George Mason University, Robinson says the hallmark of the Johnson Crime Commission is that it spelled out new expectations for police, the courts, corrections and other players in the criminal justice system. She says that hadn't been done before on such a scale.
"The Johnson Crime Commission is really the most influential study of crime justice that has ever been undertaken in the United States," Robinson says.
Robinson and other legal scholars, including Stanley Krantz and Alfred Blumstein, will gather in a symposium in October to discuss the 50th anniversary of the "Challenge of Crime" report. There's also a bipartisan push in Congress to establish a new National Commission to, once again, review the country's criminal justice system from top to bottom.
In part 01, Ben Hauser tells us his top 5 movies of 2016. Do you agree with his list?
SAN DIEGO - Antibiotics prescribed by dentists may contribute to the growing problem of Clostridium difficile (C. diff), a serious and potentially deadly infection that causes severe diarrhea, suggests research presented at IDWeek 2017. And many of those antibiotics are likely unnecessary, researchers note.
Taking antibiotics can put patients at risk for developing C. diff and illustrates the importance of using the medications only when needed. The Minnesota Department of Health (MDH) tracked community-associated C. diff infections - meaning those in patients who did not have an overnight stay in a hospital or nursing home - in five counties in the state. During the six-year period, researchers determined 15 percent of those with the infection who had taken antibiotics had them prescribed for dental procedures.
But one-third of those patients' medical charts included no mention of receiving dental procedure-related antibiotics, researchers determined. An earlier survey conducted by the MDH found 36 percent of dentists prescribed antibiotics in situations that are generally not recommended by the American Dental Association (ADA) and reported challenges to making appropriate antibiotic prescribing decisions, including confusion about or perceived conflicts among prescribing guidelines.
"Dentists have been overlooked as a source of antibiotic prescribing, which can potentially delay treatment when doctors are trying to determine what is causing a patient's illness," said Stacy Holzbauer, DVM, MPH, lead author of the study and career epidemiology field officer for the CDC and MDH. "It's important to educate dentists about the potential complications of antibiotic prescribing, including C. diff. Dentists write more than 24.5 million prescriptions for antibiotics a year. It is essential that they be included in efforts to improve antibiotic prescribing."
Dentists appropriately prescribe antibiotics in certain situations, such as to treat infections stemming from a tooth abscess. However, some dentists prescribe antibiotics prophylactically before a dental procedure to prevent a heart infection in patients with heart conditions, or to prevent an infection of an artificial joint, such as a hip or knee replacement. The ADA no longer recommends preventive antibiotics in most of those cases, as it once did. "It is possible some dentists aren't aware of the updated recommendations or are being asked by other healthcare providers to continue preventive antibiotics despite the change," said Dr. Holzbauer. Current recommendations note the risk of taking antibiotics - such as developing C. diff - is greater than the risk of an infection in those cases. Further, the inappropriate use of antibiotics helps fuel the creation of drug-resistant bacteria, which are very difficult to treat and are an increasing public health threat.
In the study, MDH researchers interviewed 1,626 people with community-associated C. diff between 2009 and 2015. Of those, 926 (57 percent) reported they had been prescribed antibiotics, 136 (15 percent) of those for dental procedures. The study found patients who were prescribed antibiotics for dental procedures tended to be older and more likely to receive clindamycin, an antibiotic that is associated with C. diff infection. Of those who had received antibiotics for a dental procedure, 34 percent had no mention of antibiotics in their medical charts, illustrating the disconnect between dental and medical care. During routine medical appointments, patients should bring up dental visits and medications, including antibiotics - they have taken. In addition, healthcare providers should ask patients about dental visits and medications taken for dental reasons.
Antibiotics kill bad and good bacteria in the gastrointestinal (GI) system. Wiping out the protective bacteria can allow the growth of C. diff bacteria, leading to severe and potentially deadly diarrhea. C. diff can occur after just one dose of antibiotics and is one of the top three most urgent antibiotic-resistant threats identified by the CDC. It caused almost half a million infections and led to 15,000 deaths in a single year, according to CDC estimates.
"Research has shown that reducing outpatient antibiotic prescribing by 10 percent could decrease C. diff rates outside of hospitals by 17 percent," said Dr. Holzbauer. "Limiting the use of inappropriate antibiotics in dentistry could also have a profound impact."
While the ADA has expressed a commitment to and is an active partner in antibiotic stewardship, a 2015 MDH survey of dentists found fewer than half were concerned about adverse drug effects, antibiotic resistance or C. diff as factors that influenced their prescribing decisions. That's likely because they are unaware when their patients develop C. diff, Dr. Holzbauer said. Better communication between dental and medical communities and improved history taking by all prescribers would help, she said.
###
In addition to Dr. Holzbauer, co-authors of the study are Maria Bye, MPH and Tory Whitten, MPH.
About IDWeek
The findings suggest that boosting signals in certain cells and not in others might even help treat colon cancer
Treating inflammatory diseases of the bowel is extremely challenging: Genes, gut microbes and disrupted immune function all contribute. Weizmann Institute of Science researchers are proposing a way around this complexity. In a study in mice, published in Cell Reports, they have found a way to trigger a natural defense mechanism that prompts the body itself to alleviate intestinal inflammation.
The study, led by veterinarian Dr. Noa Stettner, who is also a PhD student in the lab of Dr. Ayelet Erez in the Biological Regulation Department, focused on nitric oxide (NO), a signaling molecule involved in a variety of biological processes. Scientists have long tried to determine what role NO plays in such inflammatory conditions as Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, but NO alleviated intestinal inflammation in some circumstances and promoted it in others.
The Weizmann researchers hypothesized that the paradoxical findings might arise because NO has different effects in different types of cell in the gut. They genetically engineered mice to block NO production exclusively in certain types of cells: either in the cells making up the inner lining of the gut or in immune cells. They found that the symptoms of a colitis-like disease got worse when NO synthesis was blocked in the gut cells; but they improved when NO was blocked in immune cells, particularly in large cells called macrophages.
The scientists concluded if inflammatory bowel diseases are treated by raising NO levels, it may cause side effects in cells outside the gut lining. Stettner, with the help of collaborators at the Weizmann Institute and elsewhere, set out to develop a method for boosting NO production only in the gut lining cells.
They relied on Erez's earlier finding that an enzyme called ASL that is responsible for the making of the amino acid arginine, the raw material from which the body manufactures NO. The researchers turned to two natural substances: fisetin, which is present in apples, persimmons and strawberries elevated ASL levels, and citrulline, found in watermelon, beets, and spinach increased ASL activity.
The two supplements, when given together, promoted the manufacture of NO exclusively in cells of the inner lining of the gut. Most important, in mice, the symptoms of an inflammatory disease in the gut improved significantly.
The treatment also had a beneficial effect on colon cancer, which is known to be aggravated by gut inflammation. In mice with tumors of the colon, intestinal inflammation subsided and their tumors decreased in number and size after receiving the supplements.
If this approach is shown to raise NO levels in the inner lining cells in humans, it may help treat inflammatory bowel diseases ? and potentially even colon cancer. The fact that it makes use of over-the-counter nutritional supplements should facilitate its implementation.
###
Contributors to this research included: Julia Frug, Dr. Alon Silberman, Dr. Alona Sarver and Dr. Narin N. Carmel-Neiderman of the Biological Regulation Department; Dr. Chava Rosen, Dr. Biana Bernshtein, Dr. Shiri Gur- Cohen, Dr. Meirav Pevsner-Fischer, Dr. Niv Zmora and Prof. Steffen Jung of the Immunology Department; Dr. Raya Eilam, Dr. Inbal Biton and Prof. Alon Harmelin of the Veterinary Resources Department; Dr. Alexander Brandis of the Life Sciences Core Facilities Department; Dr. Keren Bahar Halpern of the Molecular Cell Biology Department; Dr. Ram Mazkereth of Tel Aviv University; Dr. Diego di Bernardo and Dr. Nicola Brunetti-Pierri of Federico II University in Naples, Italy; Dr. Gillian Dank of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem; and Dr. Murali Premkumar and Dr. Sandesh CS. Nagamani of Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas.
Dr. Ayelet Erez's research is supported by the Adelis Foundation; the Rising Tide Foundation; the Comisaroff Family Trust; the Irving B. Harris Fund for New Directions in Brain Research; and the European Research Council. Dr. Erez is the incumbent of the Leah Omenn Career Development Chair.
The Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel, is one of the world's top-ranking multidisciplinary research institutions. Noted for its wide-ranging exploration of the natural and exact sciences, the Institute is home to scientists, students, technicians and supporting staff. Institute research efforts include the search for new ways of fighting disease and hunger, examining leading questions in mathematics and computer science, probing the physics of matter and the universe, creating novel materials and developing new strategies for protecting the environment.
[India] March 19 (ANI): Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) leader Tejashwi Yadav on Monday said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is afraid of Lalu Prasad Yadav.
Talking to reporters here, Tejashwi also said his family has been slapped with false cases as it opposed the BJP.
His father, Lalu Prasad, is convicted in the fodder scam cases and is currently lodged in a Ranchi jail.
"Had Lalu ji compromised with BJP, he would have got the tag of Raja Harishchandra. Just because we raise our voice against the BJP, they've put false cases on us," Tejashwi said.
According to Indian history, Raja Harishchandra was known for speaking truth. The RJD leader also said that the BJP and the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) don't want that Lalu should come out of the jail. "People of BJP and NDA fear that if Lalu ji comes out of jail then they will lose 125 seats in the 2019 general elections," Tejashwi said. On January 24, a Special Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court here handed over five-year jail term to Lalu in a fodder scam case. The court found him guilty in the embezzlement of Rs 33.67 crore from Chaibasa district treasury during 1992-93. On December 23 last year, the RJD supremo was sentenced to 3.5 years jail term in another fodder scam case. It pertained to the fraudulent withdrawal of funds from Deoghar treasury. The Chaibasa Treasury case is the third case in the fodder scam in which Lalu Prasad has been found guilty. Since Lalu was sentenced to jail in Deoghar treasury case, the RJD has been alleging of political vendetta. However, the RJD is upbeat after the announcement of the results of the recently held bypolls in Bihar. Both BJP and Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) have won a seat each. While RJD retained the Jehanabad assembly seat, BJP was able to hold on to the Bhabua assembly seat. The RJD candidate Sarfaraz Alam has won the Araria Lok Sabha seat. Both, Araria Lok Sabha seat and Jehanabad Assembly seat were held by RJD. (ANI)
Need to catch up? Check out the previous Good Doctor recap here.
This week on The Good Doctor, Jared reconnected with a former patient, while another MD suffered a major health scare.
The aforementioned Dr. Kalu was delighted to see Celeste, the woman whose third-degree burns previously took away most of her skin. At the time, the doctor applied tilapia scales as part of an experimental procedure that would allow her real skin to grow back over time. Five months later, she was back for a consult, and there was an obvious attraction between the patient and her physician.
Jared was pleased to inform Celeste that he'd be able to remove the fish scales, and assured her that she was “going to look beautiful.” She returned the following day, and asked that Jared tell her a painful story to help mask the actual pain she was experiencing during the procedure. He then proceeded to fill her in on his current troubles at work, as well as his job interview in Denver.
Later that day, Jared searched the Internet to see just how big a risk he'd be taking if he pursued a romantic relationship with Celeste. He ultimately took himself off her case, appointed Shaun to oversee any additional follow-ups, then asked her out on a date. But was it all for nothing? At the end of his shift, Jared opened a letter from Denver Memorial confirming that he had been accepted into their residency program. Bye-bye Dr. Kalu?
Love was also in the air for Dr. Glassman. Shaun played matchmaker and set him up with cafeteria barista Debbi (played by Lost vet Sheila Kelley, aka Richard Schiff's real-life significant other). After an awkward chat over coffee, the two struck a bond over their shared love of classic cars. They later embarked on their first official date, where all was going well until Glassman asked for the check.
“We'll just take the doorstop,” he said, before laughing off the initial flub. But then it happened again, and the doctor grew anxious and began mumbling. He then pointed towards his head, as if to say that something was hindering his speech. Debbi asked the waitress to call an ambulance as the hour drew to an unsettling close.
RELATEDThe Good Doctor Admits Major Crimes Alum for Season 1 Finale
Elsewhere in the episode…
* Shaun and Park assisted Andrews with Gretchen, a teenage patient who was born with a rare neurological condition impairing the muscles that control facial expression. She was at the hospital for an elective surgery that would give her the ability to smile — hence the title of the episode. Shaun didn't quite understand why smiling was so important (and spent much of the hour trying to figure it out), but his objections to the procedure were not what prompted the patient to at first decide against it. She was worried it would put her father in financial ruin. Andrews managed to convince her insurer to cover 85-percent of the cost, and they went through with the procedure. They initially struggled to wake her afterwards and feared she was braindead, but it turned out she was simply under deep, deep anesthesia. She eventually woke up, and the surgery was deemed a success.
* Allegra later applauded Andrews for going “above and beyond” for Gretchen, touting his efforts as “very presidential.” It's probably not a coincidence that this exchange occurred shortly before Glassman's medical scare, seeing as how Andrews was angling for the hospital head's job in the series pilot.
* Melendez, Claire and Reznick dealt with a truly bizarre case. A woman, who went by the name Lucy, was in the ER with a post-op infection, having never filled her prescription. By the time the doctors returned to check on her, she was gone. Turned out she wasn't Lucy after all, but actually an identity thief. Her name was Beatrice, and she had stolen the real Lucy's identity because she couldn't afford her medications after paying for her son's college tuition. She ultimately died. The real Lucy turned out to be a pill-popper who Reznick helped check into rehab.
* At the top of the hour, Shaun ventured out of his apartment to discover a bottle of milk sitting at his front door. Attached was a letter from “best bro” Kenny, which read, “Thanks for being there for me!” The doctor returned home from work later that day with a pizza and knocked on Kenny's door, only to discover that his neighbor had taken his 70-inch TV without asking so his friends could watch a basketball game. He then blocked Shaun from coming in, telling him that his “quirks” wouldn't be accepted at this particular social gathering. He then took Shaun's pizza without asking, and closed the door in his face. Yeah, this dude's actual human garbage.
What did you think of “Smile”? Drop a comment below with your reactions to the episode.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) - France's ambassador to Poland greeted a group of Polish mountain climbers returning from a three-month expedition Monday, including one who helped rescue a French climber who was stranded with her Polish partner in the Himalayas.
The team arrived at Warsaw Chopin Airport after ending an expedition to make the first winter ascent of K2, the world's second-tallest peak at 8,611 meters (28,252 feet) high. Severe weather prevented the climbers from reaching their goal.
The Polish team was waiting for a break in the weather in January when two members made a nighttime ascent of another Himalayan peak, Pakistan's Nanga Parbat, to reach stranded French climber Elisabeth Revol.
French Ambassador Pierre Levy gave Polish mountaineer Adam Bielecki flowers to thank him for risking his own life to save Revol. Teammate Denis Urubko left the expedition earlier and wasn't at the welcome home event.
"In the name of France, I want to thank you and the whole team for saving Elisabeth Revol," Levy said in Polish.
Rescuers were unable to get to Revol's climbing partner, Tomasz Mackiewicz. He was ill and unable to move on his own at a higher elevation when Revol was advised to start making her way down to meet rescuers. The 43-year-old Mackiewicz is presumed dead.
The Polish expedition's leader, Krzysztof Wielicki, said team members will make more attempts to climb K2 in winter and he was happy they all returned home safely.
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Melbourne will test a terrorism alarm system this month after police thwarted two alleged plots targeting Christmas-New Year crowds and a lone driver killed six pedestrians in the last year in Australia's second-largest city.
Loudspeakers are being installed at more than 90 sites across downtown Melbourne as part of the alarm system that will be tested on Dec. 28, Victoria state Acting Police Chief Commissioner Shane Patton said.
The speakers will sound a siren and police instructions to the public in the event of a terrorist attack.
Patton told reporters in Melbourne, the state capital, that even though Victoria “is essentially a very safe place,” action must be taken to “make sure that we are resistant to terrorism.”
Police last month charged a 20-year-old Australian-born citizen with Somali parents with preparing to commit a terrorist attack in Melbourne. Police allege he planned to use an automatic rifle to shoot ad many people as possible in downtown Federation Square on New Year's Eve.
Four men are waiting to stand trial on terrorism charges after they were arrested in December last year over a similar alleged plot to attack Federal Square and other public places in Melbourne over the Christmas-New Year period. The four will stand trial next year on terrorism charges.
A 27-year-old man has been charged with six counts of murder and 28 of attempted murder after allegedly driving a stolen car along a Melbourne pedestrian mall on Jan. 20. His lawyers have told the court he is unlikely to be mentally fit to enter pleas.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BOSTON (AP) - Federal fishing regulators say a species of food fish caught by U.S. fishermen in the Atlantic Ocean has become overfished.
The National Marine Fisheries Service says red hake have become overfished in its southern Georges Bank and mid-Atlantic stocks. The service has informed the New England Fishery Management Council that it needs to craft a plan to end the overfishing and rebuild the stock.
Red hake is a species of whitefish that has been brought to land from Maine to North Carolina over the years. The catch has fallen from more than 3.6 million pounds in 2001 to about 1 million pounds in 2016.
Most red hake come to shore in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut and New York.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A new report says the Brooklyn Bridge and Washington's Arlington Memorial Bridge are among thousands of spans considered structurally deficient.
Although the numbers of deficient bridges have declined in recent years, the American Road & Transportation Builders Association's analysis of transportation department data shows more than 55,000 bridges in the U.S. have been deemed deficient.
ARBTA says deficient bridges are crossed about 185 million times a day. The top 14 most-traveled deficient bridges are located in California.
Bridges labeled structurally deficient aren't necessarily in immediate danger of collapse. The term is applied when spans need rehabilitation or replacement because at least one major component has advanced deterioration or other problems.
SHAMROCK ROVERS SUFFERED a surprise 1-0 loss to First Division outfit Longford at Tallaght Stadium in round two of the EA Sports Cup tonight.
A tight game remained scoreless until the 89th minute, when cracking Danny O'Reilly goal from distance won the match for the visitors.
Elsewhere in the competition, Shelbourne thrashed fellow First Division side Drogheda 7-2.
A Jamie Doyle hat-trick, as well as goals from Dave Mulcahy, Dayle Rooney, Cian Kavanagh and Shane Farrell saw the Dublin side run out easy winners at Tolka Park, with the game virtually over at half-time as the hosts were 4-0 up.
Sean Trimble and William Hondermarck got second-half consolation goals for the visitors.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
After becoming a finalist for his second consecutive year, former Jacksonville Jaguars offensive tackle Tony Boselli missed the cut into the Pro Football Hall of Fame once again. This comes after his twelfth year of eligibility.
Source familiar with Hall of Fame voting: Brian Dawkins was elected. John Lynch, Boulder's Tony Boselli will have to wait till next year. #9sports — Mike Klis (@MikeKlis) February 3, 2018
Boselli, 45, played for the Jags from 1995-2001, made five Pro Bowls and was a named to the All-Pro roster three times. Most believed 2018 would be the year he knocked the door down and received his rightful place in Canton. Unfortunately, he'll have to wait yet another year for the chance to make the cut.
It appears some still have an issue with the longevity of his career as he only played from 1995-2002. However, due to labrum issues, his career was cut short in the NFL.
Jacksonville native Brian Dawkins made the cut with Bartlow, Fla. native Ray Lewis. Lewis attended Miami University, while Dawkins went to Raines High School. Lewis accumulated a total of 1,562 tackles and 31 career interceptions throughout his 17-year career. Dawkins, on the other hand, accumulated 37 interceptions and 120 passes defensed throughout his 15-year career with the Eagles and Broncos.
The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when he drove his car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to be taken down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers say they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story doesn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it's published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and his site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing, noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be "sending our allies in Lagos to pay him a visit in person."
"LOL, this meme just won't end," one person wrote about the Lagos reference.
Earlier this year, Anglin's website was linked to an office in Worthington, Ohio, the Columbus suburb where he went to high school. As Columbus Alive reported, "Anglin's current whereabouts remain unknown."
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over.
"Anglin you are a legend," one person wrote.
.@realmadrid appeared to be in a full-blown crisis after they were dumped out of the Copa del Rey by Leganes, but they have won their last two games in #LaLiga, scoring 11 goals in the process https://t.co/PGzRn11pfQ
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND -- The children of a 74-year-old man gunned down on his way home from an Easter meal have a message for his suspected killer, who is now the target of a nationwide manhunt.
Steve Stephens, 37, is wanted for aggravated murder after he allegedly shot Robert Godwin Sr. Sunday afternoon – then posted a video of the homicide on Facebook, according to Cleveland police.
Tonya Godwin-Baines, one of Godwin's daughters, said the family is absolutely devastated and is calling for Stephens to turn himself in.
"To the young man who murdered my daddy, I ask that you please surrender," Godwin-Baines said. "I forgive you, and love you but most importantly, God loves you. God can heal your mind and save your soul. Please!"
Godwin was the father of 10 children -- six girls and four boys.
Godwin's children say the reason they are able to forgive Stephens is because of their father, who took them to church every Sunday, and always stressed the importance of forgiveness.
Robert Godwin Jr. said the woman who Stephens blames in the Facebook video is also in the family's thoughts and prayers. "We know it is not her fault. She should not feel like it's her fault."
Godwin Sr.'s children described him as a wonderful person who loved his family, and said they want their father to be remembered for the good he did in his life, not for the horrific video.
"If you do watch it, it should make you want to change," Godwin Jr. said. The family is asking people not to share the disturbing footage, but, for those who do, Godwin Jr. asked that they "take something from it."
There is now a $50,000 reward for information leading to the Stephens' arrest. The FBI, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and U.S. Marshals provided the money for the reward.
Anyone with information about the suspect's whereabouts should call 1-800-CALL-FBI. If you see Stephens, do not approach. He is considered armed and dangerous.
US and European politicians are calling for Facebook to testify about what user data it holds.
US and European politicians are calling for Facebook to testify about what user data it holds.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg is facing calls from US and European politicians to explain how a consultancy that worked on President Donald Trump's election campaign gained improper access to data on 50 million Facebook users.
Facebook's shares closed down nearly 7 per cent, wiping nearly $US40 billion off its market value as investors worried that new legislation could damage the company's advertising business.
"The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook's data practices, and the picture is not pretty," said Frank Pasquale, a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley's use of data.
Politicians in the US, Britain and Europe have called for investigations into media reports that political analytics firm Cambridge Analytica harvested the private data on more than 50 million Facebook users to develop techniques to support Trump's 2016 presidential election campaign.
The scrutiny presents a fresh threat to Facebook's reputation, which is already under attack over Russia's alleged use of Facebook tools to sway US voters with divisive and false news posts before and after the 2016 election.
Facebook said on Monday it had hired digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to carry out a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica, which had agreed to comply and give the forensics firm complete access to their servers and systems.
Cambridge Analytica said it strongly denies the media claims, and that it deleted all Facebook data it obtained from a third-party app in 2014 after learning the information did not adhere to data protection rules.
But further allegations about the firm's tactics piled up on Monday, as Channel 4 News, a British broadcaster, published video of Cambridge Analytica executives talking about using bribes, former spies and Ukrainian sex workers to entrap politicians.
Facebook was already facing calls on Saturday for regulation from US Congress and questions about personal data safeguards after reports in the New York Times and London's Observer over the weekend.
On Monday, Republican Senator John Kennedy called on Zuckerberg to testify before Congress, and Democratic Senator Ron Wyden sent a letter to Zuckerberg asking about company policies for sharing user data with third parties. Facebook usually sends lawyers to testify to Congress, or allows trade organisations to represent it and other technology companies in front of lawmakers.
Facebook and rivals including Twitter Inc and Alphabet Inc's YouTube have taken voluntary steps to restrict possible foreign interference and combat false news, but they have not been forced by law or regulation to make changes and legislation on the issue has stalled.
Royal Mail has announced its latest recommended posting dates for Christmas for international economy - surface - mail services to deliver letters, cards and parcels to South Africa, Hong Kong, Singapore, the USA and Canada.
Royal Mail has been planning Christmas since the beginning of the year and Christmas has already kicked off with economy mail posting dates.
Economy - surface - mail to South Africa, Hong Kong, Singapore, the USA and Canada must be with Royal Mail by Thursday,October 12, if parcels and cards are to arrive in time for Christmas Day.
Andy Pickering, head of network at Royal Mail, said: “In the modern world, it is easy to forget that it can still take a long time to reach some destinations by land and sea.
"We don't want anyone to be disappointed if they are waiting for Christmas mail. As always, we urge customers to post all mail as early as possible as Royal Mail builds up to its busiest time of year."
International Standard - airmail - and tracking and signature services recommended posting dates for around the globe are typically in early December and will be announced at a later date.
The UK latest recommended posting dates for Christmas 2017 are:
• December 20 for second class mail
• December 21 for First Class Mail
• December 21 for Special Delivery
• December 22 for Special Delivery Saturday guaranteed
× In Your Neighborhood
Kiwanis Of Sullivan County Winterfest
The Kiwanis Club of Sullivan County sponsors Winterfest to benefit local children and families. Winterfest is held at Camp Brule', Route 154, North of Forksville on Saturday, Feb. 17 from 7:00 a.m. – 3:30 p.m. Winterfest features an ice fishing tournament, polar bear plunge, scavenger hunt, lice auction, food and vendors. Admission price is $5.
Pie for Breakfast
A “Pie for Breakfast” event offered in Clarks Green benefits the Abington Christian Academy. The menu features quiche, savory fruit, cream, and cobbler pies, and even pizza pie! The all-you-can-eat “Pie for Breakfast” is at the Clarks Green Assembly of God Church on South Abington Road, Saturday, Feb 17 from 8:30 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. Price is $7 for adults, and children ages 3-6 years $3.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the Radio Poland broadcaster, the government approved the so-called Morawiecki plan, which included multibillion investments from both EU funds and state-owned firms until 2020.
The media outlet added that the roadmap assumed that Poland's per capita income would grow to some 80 percent of the average of the 28-nation bloc, when in 2015 such proportion was lower than 70 percent.
The 316-page plan also stressed the necessity to implement labor reforms in the country and to improve its demographics, the broadcaster added.
SHERRILLS FORD, North Carolina ( August 14, 2017 ) –
The Road Ahead – Jesse Little:
“Coming off a strong top-10 run at Iowa in our last race with the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series we're capable of putting together another solid effort Wednesday night at Bristol. This track is a challenge on handling, but we've been able to have good speed in the corners each time out. We are excited to have High Tec Industrial Services onboard with us this week along with TRIAD CNC and Gaunt Brothers Racing. It's going to be a great night of racing as we continue to showcase JJL Motorsports and what we're able to do on and off the track.”
Welcome Aboard:
This week High Tec Industrial Services join TRIAD CNC as a JJL Motorsports corporate partner for the UNOH 200 at Bristol Motor Speedway.
Taking It Stage By Stage:
“With us not running for points we can be overly aggressive on strategy calls and basically run our own race. We don't have to follow suit at the end of stages and can make calls based on what will put us in the best position play in the race. It's nice to be this confident heading into a race as I feel myself and the team will only strive to give it our all Wednesday night. I'm extremely excited, I feel that we have every bit of a shot at contending in the top five and being competitive.”
Little's Bristol Motor Speedway Stats (NCWTS)
Starts: 1
Best Start: 11th
Best Finish: 17th
Little's NCWTS Career Stats
Starts: 11
Laps Completed: 1319/1399
Best Start: 5th
Best Finish: 9th
JJL Motorsports Chassis Notes:
Intermediate Chassis: No. 001
Built: 2012
Starts: 11
Best Start: 5th.
Most Recent Performance: Finished 11th, 8th and 9th in Iowa Stages 1, 2 and 3
Race Information:
Date: Wednesday, August 16, 2017
First Practice: 9-9:55 a.m. EST
Final Practice: 11-11:55 a.m. EST
Qualifying: 4:35 p.m. EST
UNOH 200 Green Flag: 8:47 p.m. EST
Television Broadcast: FS1 (live)
Radio Broadcast: MRN (live)
Satellite Radio: SiriusXM NASCAR Channel 90
News and photos from the weekend's UNOH 200 will be available on JJL Motorsports Twitter account @JJL_Motorsports and Little's Twitter account @jesselittle97 and on his Facebook page, Jesse Little Racing.
About High Tec Industrial Services, Inc.
High Tec Industrial Services is a leading provider of cost-effective industrial cleaning and environmental services. With our commitment to excellence we have many Clients in the electrical power, manufacturing, food processing, construction, and chemical and petrochemical industries. High Tec has the specialized equipment and training to solve all of your industrial cleaning, transport challenges, and environmental services. Industrial cleaning for all of Ohio, Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and West Virginia, Virginia, Tennessee, and the Midwestern United States Founded upon 25 years of experience, High Tec Industrial Services, Inc. is a leading provider of industrial cleaning and environmental services. Our commitment to provide customers with reliable, cost-effective service establishes our commitment to excellence. This high standard is maintained by immediate response to customer needs, state-of-the-art equipment, on-going training for all employees, exceptional work and a steadfast dedication to safety. While the employees at High Tec take great pride in our services, our greatest reward is gaining your respect and satisfaction as we put our standards of excellence to work at your job site.
About TRIAD CNC
About Triad CNC: Triad CNC is full-service CNC machine shop capable of 3, 4 & 5 axes simultaneous CNC machining utilizing the latest CAD/CAM software and state-of-the-art CNC machining tools to ensure the most efficient and affordable machining process. Triad CNC provides a high level of quality, service, and reliability.
About Gaunt Brothers Racing
Gaunt Brothers Racing, owned by Triad Racing Technologies president Marty Gaunt, returns to NASCAR racetracks in 2017 after a six-year hiatus. Operating out of Mooresville, N.C., the Toyota team utilizes championship-winning Triad engines to compete in select Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series events. GBR previously fielded teams in the NASCAR K&N Pro Series and NASCAR Pinty's Series, for drivers Alex Bowman, Jason Bowles and John Gaunt, recording a victory in the 2011 Toyota All-Star Showdown and a track-record qualifying time on the Toronto street course.
About JJL Motorsports
JJL Motorsports is a NASCAR Driver Development Program with a vision to build long-term partnerships with drivers and sponsors in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series and NASCAR K&N Pro Series. JJL provides a comprehensive driver development program, race car rentals, set-up and technical services, testing consultation and driver coaching. In 2017 NASCAR driver Jesse Little will be running in select Camping World Truck Series and K&N Pro Series Events.
Sources: JJL Motorsports PR
Chicago now requires 'panic buttons' for hotel workers
CHICAGO (AP) — Workers at Chicago hotels now have "panic buttons" to summon help if needed.
An ordinance that took effect this week requires hotels to provide the buttons. They're intended to protect housekeeping staff and others who work alone in guest rooms from sexual harassment and other crimes.
A survey of 500 workers conducted by Unite Here Local 1 found 58 percent reported they've experienced at least one incident of sexual harassment by guests. The most common was guests answering their door naked.
The buttons trigger a message to the cellphone of the employee's supervisor, manager and human resources department and provide the employee's name and location.
Karen Kent is president of Unite Here Local 1. She says it's "a new day for women working in Chicago hotels."
James Alex Fields Jr., the suspect accused of killing one woman by ramming his car into a group of protesters demonstrating against a downtown Charlottesville white nationalist rally Saturday afternoon, was denied bond during his initial appearance in court Monday, according to reports.
CNN reports the 20-year-old Maumee, Ohio, native appeared via video in front of a Charlottesville judge wearing a black and white jumpsuit.
Fields is being held on charges of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death.
Derek Weimer, who taught Fields history at Randall K. Cooper High School in Kentucky, told the Toledo Blade that Fields expressed white-supremacy ideologies in school. Weimer added that he and other educators tried to change the student's way of thinking.
“I felt it my mission to explain how vile the Nazis were,” Weimer said.
According to The Chicago Tribune, Weimer recalled that Fields wrote a paper about the Nazi military during World War II for a class called America's Modern Wars. The teacher said the project was well-written and researched but appeared to be a “big lovefest for the German military and the Waffen-SS.”
“It was obvious that he had this fascination with Nazism and a big idolatry of Adolf Hitler,” Weimer told the newspaper. “He had white supremacist views. He really believed in that stuff.”
When he heard about the Charlottesville attack, the teacher felt guilty.
“My first feeling: I failed, we failed,” he told the Toledo Blade.
At least 26 people were taken to a local hospital from the rally and counter-protests, the Northwest Herald reports. At least 19 of those victims are believed to be injured in the car crash, according to the New York Times.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer identified the fatal victim as 32-year-old Heather Heyer during an appearance on Meet The Press Sunday morning, according to NBC News.
“Heather was such a sweet soul, she did not deserve to die,” Marissa Blair, who was at the rally and friends with Heyer, told The New York Times.
The Latest on Week 14 of the NFL season: (all times local):
12:10 a.m.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are AFC North champions after a wild 39-38 victory over the division rival Baltimore Ravens.
Pittsburgh blew an early two-touchdown lead and trailed by 11 points going into the fourth quarter before rallying. A 34-yard completion from Ben Roethlisberger to Antonio Brown set up Chris Boswell's 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left.
Roethlisberger threw for 506 yards and two touchdowns, and Brown caught 11 passes for 213 yards.
The win was emotional for the Steelers as they paid tribute to linebacker Ryan Shazier, who remains hospitalized with a spinal injury.
Pittsburgh improved to 11-2 and has a chance to earn the AFC's top playoff seed. Baltimore fell to 7-6 and remains in contention for a wild card.
10:55 p.m.
Joe Flacco has the Baltimore Ravens rolling.
The Baltimore quarterback has thrown for two touchdowns as the Ravens have rallied from an early 14-point deficit to take a 31-20 lead over the Steelers through three quarters. Alex Collins is over 100 yards rushing for the Ravens. Baltimore is trying to prevent the Steelers from wrapping up their third AFC North title in the last four years.
The Ravens have scored on five straight drives after giving up a pair of early touchdowns to Pittsburgh running back Le'Veon Bell.
The Steelers came out firing early while paying tribute to injured linebacker Ryan Shazier, who is in the hospital dealing with a spinal injury. The adrenaline wore off, however, and the Ravens got going behind Flacco.
___
10:00 p.m.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are 30 minutes away from the AFC North title.
Le'Veon Bell scored twice in the first half and Chris Boswell added a pair of field goals as the Steelers took a 20-14 lead over Baltimore.
Pittsburgh raced to a quick two-touchdown lead but the Ravens responded in the second quarter behind a Joe Flacco touchdown pass to Chris Moore and a touchdown run by Alex Collins.
The Steelers are playing without injured linebacker Ryan Shazier, who is in the hospital recovering from a spinal injury. After an early emotional surge by Pittsburgh, the Ravens started to find cracks in the NFL's fourth-ranked defense.
— AP Sports Writer Will Graves reporting from Pittsburgh.
___
9:15 p.m.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are off to an inspired start while taking a 14-0 lead over the Baltimore Ravens.
Le'Veon Bell has scored both touchdowns for Pittsburgh, scoring on a 20-yard reception. He added a 1-yard touchdown run early in the second quarter.
The Steelers are playing without linebacker Ryan Shazier, who remains in the hospital recovering from a spinal injury suffered against Cincinnati. The team is wearing Shazier-themed T-shirts underneath their jerseys and several players have an image of Shazier on their game cleats.
Pittsburgh can clinch the AFC North title for the third time in four years with a victory.
___
8 p.m.
The Philadelphia Eagles have clinched the NFC East title, but lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a knee injury.
Nick Foles replaced Wentz, and the Eagles beat the Los Angeles Rams 43-35 to improve to 11-2.
The Jacksonville Jaguars now sit atop the AFC South after beating Seattle 30-24. They moved ahead of Tennessee after the Titans lost 12-7 in Arizona.
The Chargers beat Washington 30-13 to stay tied with Kansas City in the AFC West.
Denver snapped an eight-game skid by beating the New York Jets 23-0.
___
7:10 p.m.
The Philadelphia Eagles say quarterback Carson Wentz has an injured knee and won't return to Sunday's showdown against Jared Goff and the Los Angeles Rams.
Wentz was hit hard as he scrambled into the end zone late in the third quarter on a play that was called back because of holding on tackle Lane Johnson. Four plays later, Wentz threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery to give the Eagles a short-lived 31-28 lead. The Rams then went up 35-31 on a 1-yard run by Todd Gurley.
The Eagles quarterback went to the locker room, and he has been replaced by Nick Foles.
— AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson reporting from Los Angeles
___
7 p.m.
Seahawks all-everything linebacker Bobby Wagner has been ruled out against Jacksonville with a hamstring injury.
Wagner left the game in the third quarter, went to the locker room for evaluation and treatment and did not return.
LB K.J. Wright also left the game with a concussion and has been ruled out.
It was the latest injury for a defense already playing without cornerback Richard Sherman, safety Kam Chancellor and defensive end Cliff Avril.
— AP Sports Writer Mark Long reporting from Jacksonville, Florida.
___
6:40 p.m.
There's been a huge momentum swing in the Eagles-Rams showdown between division leaders.
Blake Countess returned a blocked punt 16 yards for a touchdown to give the Rams a 28-24 lead early in the third quarter. The punt was blocked by Michael Thomas, and the ball bounced right to Countess in stride.
It was the Rams' second TD in less than two minutes. Jared Goff capped the opening drive of the second half with a 1-yard touchdown pass to Sammy Watkins.
The Eagles had taken a 24-14 halftime lead on three touchdown passes by Carson Wentz. They need to win to clinch the NFC East.
— AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson reporting from Los Angeles
___
6:30 p.m.
New York Jets quarterback Josh McCown has been ruled out against Denver with a left hand injury.
McCown was hurt in the third quarter against Denver when he was hit by Broncos linebacker Shane Ray. McCown walked toward the Jets' sideline holding his left hand before taking a knee. After being checked out, he went to the locker room.
Bryce Petty took over for McCown, who also was shaken up earlier in the game while scrambling for extra yardage.
In other injuries, long snapper Thomas Hennessy (head) and running back Elijah McGuire (ankle) are both out.
— AP Sports Writer Pat Graham reporting from Denver.
___
5:55 p.m.
Philip Rivers and the Los Angeles Chargers' offense started out on a roll against Washington.
The Chargers racked up 354 yards against the Redskins while taking a 23-6 lead. Those 354 yards were the most a first half for the Chargers since at least 1991 and their most in any half since 2010.
Rivers passed for 256 yards and two touchdowns while passing Warren Moon for ninth place in NFL history in yards passing.
The Chargers didn't punt, but were forced to kick three field goals. They also made an 81-yard drive in the final 85 seconds before halftime, but Austin Ekeler was tackled at the 4 on a 33-yard run as time ran out.
— AP Sports Writer Greg Beacham reporting from Carson, California
___
5:50 p.m.
The Seattle Seahawks were held scoreless in a first half for the first time in more than a year.
Jalen Ramsey intercepted one of Russell Wilson's deep passes, Blair Walsh missed a 38-yard field goal at the end of the half and the Jaguars led Seattle 3-0 at the break.
It was the first time the Seahawks were held without points in an opening 30 minutes since playing at Arizona in October 2016. That game ended in a 6-6 tie.
— AP Sports Writer Mark Long reporting from Jacksonville, Florida
___
5:45 p.m.
Larry Fitzgerald of Arizona now stands third on the NFL's all-time receiving list.
The Cardinals wide receiver caught a 23-yard pass early in the third quarter against Tennessee to give him 15,303 yards receiving. That pushed him past Randy Moss who had 15,292 yards. Fitzgerald used to wash Moss' car for cash and borrowed it for the prom.
Only Jerry Rice (22,895) and Terry Owens (15,934) have more yards receiving in NFL history than Fitzgerald.
___
5:40 p.m.
Tennessee Titans left tackle Taylor Lewan is out against the Arizona Cardinals with a back injury.
Lewan went to the locker room with a back injury in the first half, and the tackle who was a Pro Bowl lineman last season was questionable to return. But he came out for the second half without his gear.
Backup Dennis Kelly replaced Lewan at left tackle.
___
The Associated Press has counted at least 16 NFL players protesting during the national anthem in Week 14.
After five players protested during the early games, the count jumped with the late afternoon games.
Chargers left tackle Russell Okung raised his fist as he does every game before kickoff against Washington.
In Arizona, Titan wide receiver Rishard Matthews stayed off the field during the anthem and then joined his teammates on the sideline once it ended. Titans linebacker Nate Palmer raised a fist and looked to the sky during the anthem.
Rams linebacker Robert Quinn held up his right fist for most of the anthem. Punter Johnny Hekker had his arm around Quinn in support.
At least seven Seattle Seahawks players sat or knelt for the national anthem in Jacksonville. The group included defensive linemen Michael Bennett, Sheldon Richardson, Frank Clark, Quinton Jefferson, Marcus Smith and Branden Jackson, and offensive lineman Duane Brown. All seven have sat or knelt previously.
___
4:25 p.m.
Jared Goff and the Los Angeles Rams have jumped on top quickly in the showdown between the first two draft picks of the 2016 NFL draft.
This game between Goff and Carson Wentz's Eagles marks just the eighth time in the Super Bowl era that quarterbacks taken No. 1 and No. 2 overall in the same draft have squared off. Goff was the first pick overall in 2016, followed by Wentz.
The No. 1 pick is 5-2 in such matchups.
Wentz and the Eagles got the ball first. But Wentz was intercepted on the third play from scrimmage, and the Rams scored three plays later for a 7-0 lead for Goff.
The last No. 1 vs. No. 2 matchup came on Sept. 13, 2015, when the No. 2 pick in that year's draft, Marcus Mariota, led Tennessee to a 42-14 victory vs. Jameis Winston (No. 1) and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in their NFL debuts.
Before that, it was all the way back to 1998, when the top pick that year, Peyton Manning, led the Colts to a 17-12 victory against second pick Ryan Leaf and the San Diego Chargers.
Drew Bledsoe (No. 1, 1993) and Rick Mirer (No. 2) faced off three times — Mirer was with a different team each time — and Jim Plunkett (No. 1, 1971) and Archie Manning (No. 2) faced off twice.
— AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson reporting from Los Angeles
___
The Minnesota Vikings have missed their chance to clinch the NFC North with both chances Sunday, starting with a 31-24 loss to Carolina. The Vikings still could've clinched with losses or ties by Detroit and Green Bay only to see the Lions beat Tampa Bay 24-21 and the Packers kept Cleveland winless with a 27-21 overtime victory.
Philadelphia could have clinched before its game with the Rams, but Dallas beat the Giants 30-10.
Buffalo's 13-7 overtime win over Indianapolis means both New England and Pittsburgh will have to win their own games to clinch playoff berths.
Kansas City beat Oakland 26-15 to take sole possession of the top of the AFC West to itself.
Chicago routed Cincinnati 33-7, and San Francisco beat Houston 26-16.
___
2:58 p.m.
Bills rookie quarterback Nathan Peterman has been shaken up after a run and replaced by third-stringer Joe Webb in Buffalo's game against Indianapolis.
Peterman took off to his right and dived headfirst as he was being tackled in a cloud of snow by linebacker Antonio Morrison and tackle Johnathan Hankins.
Peterman lay on the field for a moment and was slow to get up before going to a medical tent on the sideline. He was then taken to the locker room for further evaluation of a head injury.
The rookie fifth-round pick was starting in place of Tyrod Taylor, who is sidelined by a bruised left knee.
Third-stringer Joe Webb took over.
— John Wawrow reporting from Orchard Park, New York.
___
2:40 p.m.
Tom Savage will not return to Houston's game against the San Francisco 49ers because of a concussion.
Savage was injured when he was driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil with about nine minutes left in the second quarter. Replays showed Savage looking dazed after his head hit the ground with both of his arms lifted upward shaking.
He was taken to the medical tent where he stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series. He threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline after that possession.
Savage tried repeatedly to enter the game on the next series. But a team official kept grabbing Savage's jersey and finally his arm and pulled him away from the field. He then could be seen arguing with that person and the team's trainer before being escorted to the locker room.
He was replaced by T.J. Yates.
— AP Sports Writer Kristie Rieken reporting from Houston.
___
2:06 p.m.
Raiders wide receiver Amari Cooper has left their game against Kansas City after getting his right leg rolled under while blocking downfield late in the second quarter.
Cooper had missed the past couple games with a concussion, but he cleared the NFL's protocol earlier this week. He was still questionable with a left ankle sprain, and it was the opposite leg that got caught under a defender as Cooper blocked downfield on DeAndre Washington's run.
Cooper dominated the Chiefs in their meeting earlier this season, catching 11 passes for 210 yards and two touchdowns.
— AP Sports Writer Dave Skretta reporting from Kansas City, Missouri.
___
1:28 p.m.
Josh Gordon has his first touchdown in nearly four years.
Cleveland's troubled wide receiver, who recently returned after being suspended for two seasons, caught an 18-yard touchdown pass in the first quarter against Green Bay. It was Gordon's first TD since December 2013. The 26-year-old played his first game since 2014 last week.
The winless Browns are hoping Gordon can stay sober and resurrect his Pro Bowl career. He caught a 38-yard pass on Cleveland's first play from scrimmage .
— AP Sports Writer Tom Withers reporting from Cleveland.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
LAS VEGAS (KLAS) — One way people are honoring the lives lost in the shooting at the Route 91 music festival is by opening up their wallets.
MGM Resorts already donated a whopping $3 million to the victims and their families and Sheldon Adelson and the Las Vegas Sands Corporation donated $4 million.
Zappo's, the UFC, and Station Casinos have all pledged $1 million each.
Many individuals are also donating what they can, including more than $9 million raised in a GoFundMe campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and Sheriff Joe Lombardo. But exactly how will the money be put into the hands of those who need it?
The LasVegasNow.com I-Team tried to find out.
The outpouring of generosity has been inspirational and astounding. The GoFundMe effort is perhaps the best example of that.
As of Thursday evening, that fund stood at $9.5 million raised in just a few days from 77,000 donations. So, how will the money be spent, and who will administer the funds?
“We set up a GoFundMe account because the sheriff and I thought that we could maybe help some of these victims with funeral expenses, with travel expenses,” Sisolak said.
READ MORE: Stories about the Las Vegas victims
Commissioner Sisolak's idea to team up with Sheriff Joe Lombardo in starting a fund to help to shoot victims quickly exceeded expectations.
It is not clear how the millions of dollars in the fund will be dispersed. At Wednesday's county commission meeting, the discussion focused on whether a third party such as the National Center for Victims of Crime could be brought in to handle the administrative duties. Those duties include getting the money into the hands of those who need it most by paying for ongoing medical treatments, travel expenses for the wounded and funeral expenses for those who died.
On Thursday, the I-Team learned another potential partner surfaced. Discussions were held behind the scenes between Commissioner Sisolak's staff and individuals with experience in administering funds raised in the wake of a tragedy. In particular, the Boston Marathon bombings of 2013. Three people were killed and hundreds were injured. Donations exceeded $60 million.
Boston's experience could serve as a model, however, no agreement has been reached.
“We are in the process now of deciding strategy and structure, how to give out the money. We had people today who flew in to meet with county staff to try and coordinate this. The sheriff and I are not involved with this. We started it, but that's the extent of what we plan to do,” Sisolak said.
It is not known how and to whom the Las Vegas money would be distributed, but a large chunk of the donated money will stay with GoFundMe, the company which hosts the fundraising webpage.
GoFundMe charges a standard 7.9 percent of all the money raised plus a fee of 30 cents per donation. As of thursday evening, 77,000 individual donations have been made from 75 countries around the world.
That means the total fee charged by GoFundMe for hosting the Las Vegas page could exceed $776,000 dollars.
Whether GoFundMe can be talked into cutting some slack on its fees is unknown.
Commissioner Sisolak said, that in addition to a group from Boston, county staff also met with groups who managed similar funds following tragedies in New York and Orlando. Whoever administers the Las Vegas fund must agree to allow for local control in vetting which people qualify to receive some of the money.
Numerous East Texans were selected on the final day of the MLB Draft.
East Texans Mason House and Brigham Hill came off the board on day two of the Major League Baseball draft. Wednesday afternoon, several
more players either from the area or that have ties to the region heard their names called during rounds 11 through 40.
Now keep in mind, prospects that have still eligibility remaining in college can choose to stay at their university and improve their draft stock.
SFA standout Will Vest was the highest pick on the third and final day as he was drafted in the 12th round by the Tigers. Longview native Reid Russell and Lufkin product Trey Cumbie were picked by the Astros. Cumbie has the option to stay in college at Houston.
Kilgore native Cooper Coldiron got picked in the 39th round, but he too can stay in college.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
Police, bar staff and taxi marshalls in Gloucester will be among those to be offered training on how to spot sexual predators and protect the vulnerable on nights out.
The Hollie Gazzard Trust will be offering the training around potential sexual violence, and how alcohol is often a contributory factor, to anyone working within the night time economy.
The night time economy can present opportunities for sexual predators to take advantage of people who have become increasingly vulnerable through alcohol, the charity says.
And rapes and serious sexual assaults in which alcohol has been a factor are on the rise in Gloucestershire, according to police figures.
The training would equip staff and the police with the knowledge and confidence to assess people's vulnerability and to spot potential sexual predators and take action.
Nick Gazzard, founder of The Hollie Gazzard Trust, said the training has had previous success in South Wales and Northumberland.
He said: "It's trying to keep those individuals safe in the night time economy - where there's an element of drink involved which increases the vulnerability of individuals, particularly women.
"Those who are not usually vulnerable then become vulnerable. There are a number of male predators who go into the night time economy to look for individuals who are drunk and vulnerable.
"It's really about safeguarding and increasing knowledge of individuals so they can help and better respond and try to prevent things happening in the first place."
A growing problem
In Gloucestershire there were 425 rapes and serious sexual assaults in 2015, and alcohol was a factor in 68 of these.
Of these 68 incidents of sexual violence, alcohol was a factor with only the victim 35 times, and with both parties 26 times. There were seven incidents when alcohol was a factor with only the offender.
Year 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 Total Total rape & SSO 253 234 255 362 425 1529 Alcohol a factor 30 40 43 64 68 245 % of total 11.86 17.09 16.86 17.68 16 16.02 Alcohol victim only 20 18 24 32 35 129 Alcohol offender only 2 7 4 5 7 25 Alcohol both parties 8 15 15 27 26 91
Source: Gloucestershire Constabulary
The number of rapes and sexual assaults have been increasing year on year since at least 2011, when there were 253 such incidents.
And the number of sexual violence incidents in the county in which alcohol was a factor has also increased year on year from a total of 30 in 2011.
How do you spot a sexual predator?
Mr Gazzard said sexual predators can act in a number of different ways.
But one example are individuals who arrive in late night venues later and watching for vulnerable people.
He said: "They stand in the background and they don't have a drink. They are looking around for vulnerable women who have had a little too much to drink - they may have been separated from their friends and they go and pick them up.
"They are totally sober."
While a lot of these crimes are directed towards women, Mr Gazzard said men can be victims too so these training sessions will be open to everyone.
And the training sessions could also be made available in Cheltenham.
The training will teach how people respond to fear, how perpetrators operate, the term 'vulnerability' and dispel common myths.
Its aim will be to focus on prevention, identification of vulnerability and intervention at an early stage, as well as creating a zero tolerance approach to sexual predatory behaviour.
"If there's anything we can do to reduce the problem and make it safer for people to enjoy a night out that's what we should do," Mr Gazzard said.
For more information contact the Hollie Gazzard Trust at info@holliegazzard.org.
Learning skills for positive emotions result in less HIV in blood and less anti-depressant use
Positive emotions are possible even with stress of chronic health problems
Men using positive emotion skills learned to cope with their stress, while control group went on anti-depressants
Findings extend to dementia caregivers, women with metastatic breast cancer
CHICAGO --- When individuals recently diagnosed with HIV were coached to practice skills to help them experience positive emotions, the result was less HIV in their blood and lower antidepressant use, reports a new Northwestern Medicine study.
"Even in the midst of this stressful experience of testing positive for HIV, coaching people to feel happy, calm and satisfied -- what we call positive affect -- appears to influence important health outcomes," said lead author Judith Moskowitz, professor of medical social sciences and director of research at the Osher Center for Integrative Medicine at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine.
This is believed to be the first test of a positive emotion intervention in people newly diagnosed with HIV. Based on the study results, the intervention is promising for people in the initial stages of adjustment to any serious chronic illness.
The paper was published recently in the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology.
The HIV study is part of a larger body of positive affect research being conducted by Moskowitz. She also is studying the health effects of teaching the skills to individuals with type 2 diabetes, women with metastatic breast cancer and caregivers of dementia patients.
For the HIV study, which was based in San Francisco, 80 participants (primarily men) were taught a set of eight skills over five weekly sessions to help them experience more positive emotions. Another 79 participants were in the control group.
Moskowitz and colleagues designed the tools based on evidence showing these particular skills increase positive emotions. Some of the skills included:
1) Recognizing a positive event each day
2) Savoring that positive event and logging it in a journal or telling someone about it
3) Starting a daily gratitude journal
4) Listing a personal strength each day and noting how you used this strength recently
5) Setting an attainable goal each day and noting your progress
6) Reporting a relatively minor stressor each day, then listing ways in which the event can be positively reappraised. This can lead to increased positive affect in the face of stress
7) Understanding small acts of kindness can have a big impact on positive emotion and practicing a small act of kindness each day
8) Practicing mindfulness with a daily 10-minute breathing exercise, concentrating on the breath
Fifteen months after the interventions, 91 percent of the intervention group had a suppressed viral load compared to 76 percent of the control group. In addition to the potential benefit of a lower viral load on the infected person, there may be public health benefits.
"From a public health perspective, that is potentially huge for prevention of HIV," Moskowitz said. "HIV is less likely to be transmitted with a low viral load. To have a difference like that is amazing."
The reduced viral load could be because of a stronger immune system, Moskowitz said. Observational studies in people living with HIV have shown positive emotion is related to a higher CD4 count (an indicator of less HIV-related damage to the immune system). Or, the reduced viral load may be the result of participants' better adherence to their antiretroviral drug therapy, which generally leads to a suppressed or undetectable viral load, Moskowitz said.
The positive emotion intervention also improved mental health. At baseline, about 17 percent of the control group and intervention group reported being on antidepressants. Fifteen months later, the intervention group was still at 17 percent but the control group's antidepressant use rose to 35 percent.
"The group that learned coping skills did not increase antidepressant use, whereas overall the control group increased its antidepressant use," Moskowitz said. In addition, the intervention group was significantly less likely to have repeating, intrusive thoughts about HIV.
###
Other Northwestern authors include Elaine O. Cheung, Lizet Martinez and Eisuke Segawa.
The research was supported by grants R01 MH084723 and K24 MH093225 from the National Institute of Mental Health and grant P30 AI117943 from the Third Coast Center for AIDS Research, all of the National Institutes of Health.
More News at Northwestern Now
‘We should not allow that we will be silenced...because once they succeed, all of us will be silenced,' NUJP president Noynoy Espina reminds journalists during a #BlackFridayForPressFreedom forum in Bacolod
Published 10:58 PM, February 02, 2018
BACOLOD CITY, Philippines – An official of the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines (NUJP) said President Rodrigo Duterte had resort to blackmailing media organizations in his attempt to silence criticism or contrary views.
And that, according NUJP national director Nonoy Espina, is "a crime."
Espina on Friday, February 2, cited recent threats from the administration against independent media during the “Roundtable Talk: Defending Press Freedom” at the Negros Press Club (NPC) building here.
The talk was part of a series of Friday activities led by NUJP and other media organizations under the #BlackFridayForPressFreedom campaign. The series kicked off on January 19, the same week the Securities and Exchange Commission released its decision revoking the license of online news network Rappler. (READ: FAQs: Rappler's SEC case)
READ other #BlackFridayForPressFreedom stories:
PH media goes black to protest threats against press freedom
Bacolod media, groups join 'Black Friday' call to uphold press freedom
Joel Lamangan calls for press freedom at NUJP Black Friday gathering
'People's right to know rests on press freedom' – PCIJ
Netizens speak out for press freedom on Black Friday
WATCH: Black Friday for Press Freedom at UP Diliman
WATCH: Black Friday for Press Freedom (Part 2)
Espina said Duterte, like any other president, doesn't like to be criticized. The Chief Executive wants to silence Rappler, which reports critical stories about the administration, the NUJP official said.
He also said that Duterte continues to threaten ABS-CBN that he will not allow its franchise to be renewed.
“What's worse, he later said he will renew their franchise but they have to support federalism,” he said.
Espina stressed it's blackmail, and when the President resorts to that, “That's a crime.”
He pointed out that the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos didn't blackmail the media, “he just closed the outlets right away.”
He acknowledged that there's stiff competition in the media – newspaper versus newspaper, station versus station, news website versus news website – and at times the competition gets personal. He called on his colleagues to remain united.
“We should not allow that we will be silenced, [not] even our competition, because once they succeed, all of us will be silenced,” Espina said.
Renato Duran, NPC president, said he joined the call to uphold press freedom because the attempt to shut down Rappler might create a chilling effect among media practitioners. They may grow afraid of criticizing the administration because they might suffer the same fate.
“We are watchdogs of the government. If we can't do that responsibility, then we are not effective media practitioners,” he said.
Duran said the press club supports press freedom, but this should be coupled with responsibility. “We have to be responsible in our reporting.”
NUJP-Bacolod also said the press ensures checks and balances in the 3 branches of the government, as it is deemed critical to our democracy.
“The administration's attempt to silence and censor the dissent is a clear threat [to] and harassment [of] the press. We need to strive hard to keep our government in check and the public informed,” the group said in a statement.
Meanwhile, the media groups in Bacolod will come up with a joint statement reiterating their call for government to uphold press freedom. It will also meet soon with other sectors like church, campus journalists and academe to push media literacy. – Rappler.com
CONVENTIONAL wisdom suggests that a Tom Brady vs. Nick Foles matchup has just the one outcome.
But this Philadelphia Eagles side has shown time and time again; they shouldn't be underestimated. Philly is dominant in the trenches, the Eagles' offensive and defensive lines include real, game-changing talent.
Nick Foles won't be the reason they win the game, but depending on what version we see – could be the reason they lose.
Regardless, the New England Patriots go into Super Bowl LII as the clear favourite.
The greatest coach and quarterback of all-time will look to secure a sixth championship since 2000.
Meanwhile, Philly fans are praying for their 58-year title drought to come to an end in Minnesota.
Both teams finished with the No. 1 seed in their respective conferences; but with one significant difference.
The Pats still have their franchise QB. The Eagles don't.
Carson Wentz suffered a season-ending injury in Week 14, and they've had to approach things differently ever since. Jim Schwartz is earning his money; with the Eagles defence leading a substandard offence through an ultra-competitive NFC playoff picture.
And while we saw a wildly impressive Foles in the NFC championship game, there's no reason to suggest he won't revert back to the subpar QB we know him as.
In the big dance, it'll come down to which team is able to keep their composure throughout all four quarters, a facet of the game in which the Patriots have proven to be elite.
New England will be hoping to get off to a better start than they have in their previous Super Bowl appearances under Bill Belichick; with the Pats having never scored a point in the first quarter of any of their seven SB appearances.
Brady will have Rob Gronkowski back in the fold, with the tight-end cleared to play after suffering a concussion in New England's win over Jacksonville.
EAGLES' KEY TO SUCCESS
As I talked about in my AFC Championship game preview; there is a legitimate method to beating Tom Brady and the New England Patriots.
And for about three quarters, the Jacksonville Jaguars were executing it perfectly.
Tom Brady threw for just 157 yards through the first three quarters; thanks to Jacksonville's defensive line getting after Brady, and Bortles' offence controlling time of possession.
Unfortunately for Jags fans, a classic Brady performance in the fourth quarter saw the 40-year old star throw for 133 yards and two touchdowns to cap off a remarkable comeback.
Camera Icon Philadelphia Eagles defensive tackle Fletcher Cox, right, celebrates with Derek Barnett. Picture: AP
Ultimately, Jacksonville didn't have enough gas in the tank.
But that's where the Eagles have a chance. Depth.
The Eagles have it in bucket loads.
Look at some of the names in that defensive line: Fletcher Cox, Brandon Graham, Tim Jernigan, Vinny Curry, Derek Barnett, Chris Long.
The Eagles have enough depth to keep consistent pressure on that Patriots offensive line.
As for their run game; Jay Ajayi and LeGarrette Blount should have enough to maintain their power running game through four quarters.
If they can put Foles into quick-read situations early on, and lean on that run game; they''ll give themselves a real chance at claiming a famous upset.
PATRIOTS' KEY TO SUCCESS
It's a numbers game, and the Patriots need to trust that there will be a Foles regression come Super Bowl time.
Stop the run game, and force Foles to beat you through the air.
If they can stuff the box, and put the Eagles back-up into third-and-long situations; they should ultimately be able to limit the Eagles' effectiveness and time of possession.
On the same note, a strong Pats start makes this game infinitely more difficult for Philly.
Eagles chasing the game means more passing and less rushing; a formula for success for Matt Patricia's defence.
As mentioned above, they'll welcome Rob Gronkowski back this week; a transcendent talent that can single-handedly win the game for New England.
If all else fails; the Patriots still have the No.1 contingency plan in the league. His name is Tom Brady.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Two fellow Republicans in the Kansas congressional delegation urged a reluctant Sen. Pat Roberts on Monday to support changing the Senate rules to make it easier for the party to push through its legislative priorities.
The sometimes testy exchange came at the convention of the Kansas Independent Oil and Gas Association, typically a friendly venue for the state's all-Republican delegation.
Rep. Lynn Jenkins, who is not running for re-election, said she is “just about fed up” and doesn't think Congress is doing much of anything now. She got scattered applause when she called for getting rid of the Senate filibuster rule that requires 60 votes to pass legislation.
“I am telling you, we are crippled right now,” she said.
Roberts didn't rule out voting to eliminate the filibuster, but he warned that such a move could ultimately benefit Democrats if they are able to win back control of the Senate in 2018 or 2020.
“You do that and if the Senate flips, look out,” Roberts said.
Rep. Kevin Yoder said he wished the Senate would at least get rid of the filibuster rule in order to proceed to debate for legislation.
Roberts also got some unexpected pushback on the filibuster rule from a woman in the audience who told him President Donald Trump was elected because people were disgusted with inaction by congressional Republicans. He responded that he was willing to consider such a rules change but that “it would be a tough vote for me.”
Yoder to come to Roberts' defense, noting that the Senate didn't need 60 votes to repeal the health care law and the repeal effort still failed.
Roberts told reporters after the panel discussion that he hopes the Senate can pass legislation with bipartisan support without resorting to killing the filibuster rule.
“I hope we don't have to do it,” Roberts said. “If we have to do it, why we'll do it. But I think it is bad for the country. I think the Senate then becomes little more than the House and there would be no major difference and that would be counter to what the Founding Fathers wanted. Now, we are in a very troubled time and people want things done. I understand that.”
Also on Monday, Roberts said that he had spoken to Trump about agriculture and the President had promised not to cut crop insurance for farmers. Roberts did not elaborate further on the details of his meeting with Trump.
Yoder told the oil and gas producers that tax reform is going to be the centerpiece of work in Congress this fall.
Congress is working closely with the Trump administration on tax reform, in order to “avoid the failure we saw on health care,” Jenkins said.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Bryan Colangelo is in the midst of a scandal after a story broke that linked him to a series of Twitter accounts that share critical opinions of current and former Sixers players.
The Sixers announced Wednesday morning they were investigating Bryan Colangelo after a report by the Ringer that claimed the team president secretly used Twitter to criticize Sixers players and disclose sensitive team information.
Here's a breakdown of everything you need to know:
What does the report say? How did the Ringer learn this information?
The Ringer published a story at 9 p.m. Tuesday saying it had received an anonymous tip that Colangelo had five secret Twitter accounts. The accounts were used to critique current and former Sixers players, share gossip and private medical information, and defend Colangelo.
You can read the Ringer story here.
The Ringer claims an anonymous source — whose identity they still do not know — reached out via social media. This source claimed to have noticed a “a bunch of weird tweets” and “used an open-source data tool” that tracked patterns of follows, likes, and linguistic quirks. The source, who The Ringer said works in artificial intelligence, found five accounts with lots of similarities.
Poll If Bryan Colangelo is out as 76ers GM, should they bring back Sam Hinkie? Yes
No Vote Results
You can read our story here.
What happened next?
The Ringer determined the tip might be valid and approached the Sixers on May 22 with two account names (@phila1234567 and Eric jr), opting to withhold the other three to see if there were any changes. The Sixers said they would talk to Colangelo.
Here's what writer Ben Detrick said happened:
“That afternoon, within hours of the call, all three of the accounts I hadn't discussed with the team switched from public to private, effectively taking them offline — including one (HonestAbe) that hadn't been active since December. The Still Balling account, which had been tweeting daily, has not posted since the morning of the 22nd.”
Detrick continues to explain that “Still Balling” unfollowed accounts with ties to the Colangelo family: a coach at his son's high school, his son's college teammates, and an account of a former agent.
The same day, Colangelo (through Sixers PR) confirmed one account — @Phila1234567 — belonged to him, and denied knowledge of the Eric jr account, which is the only one still public right now. Colangelo made a statement to The Ringer saying he was “not familiar with any of the other accounts that have been brought to my attention, nor do I know who is behind them or what their motives may be.” Colangelo said in the statement that he used the @Phila1234567 account to “monitor our industry and other current events.”
What are the accounts in question? And what is a burner account?
A “burner account” is a common term for a social media presence that isn't tied to a real identity. Merriam-Webster wrote on the term “burner” and its entrance into the mainstream after it was added to the dictionary earlier this year, calling it “something disposable, or that cannot be traced.”
The five accounts that allegedly belong to Colangelo are:
Account 1: No name, @phila1234567, joined November 2016
Account 2: HonestAbe, @HonestA34197118, joined December 2017
Account 3: Still Balling, @s_bonhams, joined February 2017
Account 4: Eric jr, @AlVic40117560, joined April 2016
Account 5: Enoughunkownsources, @Enoughunkownso1, joined November 2017
What do we know about the accounts?
The Ringer's story features upwards of two dozen screenshots of now-hidden tweets from three accounts: HonestAbe, Still Balling and Enoughunkownsources. But there are no replies from @Phila1234567, the one account Colangelo admitted he used.
@Phila1234567 follows the most other accounts (though we cannot see them, since the account has since been switched to private). The Ringer draws conclusions between @Phila1234567 and the Eric jr account — which is the only one still unlocked (although it hasn't tweeted since May 2017) — pointing out both accounts follow a coach at Colangelo's son's former high school.
What did the accounts say?
This is where it gets good.
All but one of the accounts are now locked — meaning if you don't follow it, you can't read it. But the Ringer provided screenshots.
About Joel Embiid:
A number of the secret accounts were critical of Joel Embiid, claiming the all-star was having an “ego crisis” at the start of the 2017-18 season.
The day after the Eagles won the NFC championship game over the Vikings, one account linked to Colangelo argued Embiid spent too much time partying. On Jan. 22, the Sixers lost in Memphis. Embiid finished with a double-double, notching 15 points and 14 rebounds and shooting 5 for 13.
One account even said the Sixers would prefer The Unicorn — the Knicks' Kristaps Porzingis — over Embiid.
The Ringer goes on to detail other instances in which accounts call Embiid “selfish” and “a bit lazy” and say they plan to vote for Ben Simmons for the All-Star Game instead of Embiid. One account accuses Embiid of hiding an injury in February 2017 that eventually caused him to have surgery. Overall, the tone implies whoever was running the account found Embiid's antics detrimental to the team — and thought Simmons had more upside.
About Jahlil Okafor:
Jahlil Okafor was sent to the Nets in December, but months before that, the Sixers held him out of a series because they thought he would be traded.
The Ringer story alleges that, in the midst of the rumors, accounts run by Colangelo tweeted that Okafor didn't pass his physical and the trade wouldn't be approved — information that, if true, was never made public. Okafor didn't travel for the Sixers' Feb. 11 and 13 games.
Days after Okafor was held out of the series, one account doubled down on the notion that Okafor wouldn't be able to pass a physical — and defended Colangelo in the process, asking one Twitter user to “give the guy a break for caring about Jay's future.”
The accounts went so far as to tweet at beat writers such as Philly.com's Keith Pompey, encouraging them to ask about the alleged failed physical.
About Markelle Fultz and Nerlens Noel:
The Ringer alleges the accounts had their own story about Markelle Fultz's mysterious injury, claiming a trainer who was close to Fultz's mother, Keith Williams, was the one changing his shot.
Once again, an account suggested to a reporter a possible line of questioning for a story: “If somebody would care to go look for the story of what happened with his so-called mentor/father figure… it would explain a lot about the shoulder and Fultz ‘state of mind.'” Still Balling wrote to Derek Bodner of the Athletic.
Nerlens Noel, who was shipped out of Philadelphia before the trade deadline in February 2017, was portrayed by the accounts linked to Colangelo as a “selfish punk,” according to the Ringer.
The accounts defended the decision to get rid of the former first-round pick as recently as April of this year, more than a year after the trade.
About Masai Ujiri and Sam Hinkie:
The accounts spent time trashing Masai Ujiri, Colangelo's successor in Toronto (where he had been Raptors general manager from 2006-13).
And the accounts also had no kind words for former Sixers president Sam Hinkie, rising to defend Colangelo's actions after Hinkie resigned (and making fun of the resignation).
The accounts go so far as to call Hinkie a “pathological egomaniac” months after Colangelo took over control of the team.
The other stuff:
On top of all the team-related drama, the burner accounts revealed some petty and entertaining interactions, including calling Colangelo a “class act,” defending his clothing choices, and tweeting angrily at actress Gabrielle Union.
Are burner accounts popular?
The Warriors' Kevin Durant and NFL commissioner Roger Goodell's wife have been revealed to own secret Twitter accounts that they use to defend themselves. Here's a look at why famous people love to creep anonymously.
How did the team respond?
The Sixers announced Wednesday morning that they've launched an investigation, saying they will release the results “as soon as it is concluded.” They set no timetable for the probe.
How did the players respond?
Most Sixers kept quiet on social media as the news broke. Embiid did not.
Joel told me that @samhinkie IS BETTER AND SMARTER THAN YOU @AlVic40117560 #BurnerAccount — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
Fun night on Twitter lmao.. All jokes asides I don't believe the story. That would just be insane — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
How did the NBA respond?
The NBA hasn't released a statement about the allegations against Colangelo. The league will likely get involved either way.
Read more
In the meantime, here are a few things to read:
• David Murphy's column on why, in this case, perception matters
• It's hard to see how Colangelo survives this mess, writes Bob Ford
• Minutes before the story broke, news filtered out that the Sixers extended Brett Brown's contract
Market Highlights:
The threat intelligence management industry is going through numerous changes due to the volatile nature of technological advancements. The amount of data available to us today is a driving the enterprises to implement Threat Intelligence Management Market. Targeted and persistent threats can compromise standard security and bring vulnerabilities in the security models adopted by the organization. The need for improving the network defenses against the risk of data breach and monitoring any malicious activity are the major drivers enforcing the organizations to build more effective defense systems and deploy Threat Intelligence Management.
One of the benefits of threat intelligence management solution is its ability to detect threat information and transform this information into relevant intelligence which can be utilized by analysts to upgrade the current security model and take preventive actions. Threat Intelligence Management provides the user a portal to monitor the latest threat actors, the attacks they conduct and identify frequently targeted data. With this feature, analysts can interpret various ways in which these actors and attacks can impact their business.
Get Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6030
However, a major challenge that the threat intelligence management faces today is the speed at which the threat intelligence is received to prevent an attack. Incapability of security systems to share the threat in real-time can pose a challenge to the overall market. Security Systems must share the threat in real-time to match the speed of the attack.
Key players:
Some of the major players in global threat intelligence management market include IBM Corporation (USA), Dell Technologies Inc. (USA), McAfee LLC (USA), Trend Micro Incorporated (Japan), Symantec Corporation (USA), Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (USA), Juniper Networks Inc. (USA), FireEye Inc. (USA), LogRhythm Inc. (USA), LookingGlass Cyber Solutions Inc.(USA), Optiv Security Inc. (USA).
Other players include Webroot Inc. (USA), Farsight Security Inc. (USA), F-Secure Corporation (Europe), AlienVault Inc. (USA), Splunk Inc. (USA)
Segmentation:
On the basis of solutions, the market is segmented into network management solutions, threat intelligence and risk management solutions, identity and access management solutions, log management and firewall.
On the basis of services, the market is segmented into threat intelligence feed services, threat monitoring services and consultation.
On the basis of deployment mode, the market is segmented into Cloud deployment and On-premises deployment.
On the basis of organization size, the market is segmented into Small and Medium Enterprises and Large Enterprises.
On the basis of end-users, the market is segmented into BFSI, healthcare, Telecommunication, manufacturing, retail, education, research organizations and transportation.
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/threat-intelligence-management-market-6030
Regional analysis:
The global threat intelligence management market is estimated to grow at a rapid rate due to market players focusing on improving their network defense system. The geographical analysis of threat intelligence management is carried out for for regions, namely North America, Europe (including Russia), Asia Pacific (including Australia and New Zealand), and Rest of the World (including the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America). Among these regions the market at present is dominated by North America due to higher adoption of Cybersecurity solutions and threat intelligence services. This region is hub to the major key players that develop and innovate threat intelligence technology. The United States contributes a major portion towards this growth with key players like IBM, Symantec and McAfee planning to develop enchanced threat intelligent management Tools.
Asia Pacific region is expected to achieve rapid growth over the forecast period. Many Small and Medium Enterprises and Large Enterprises in China, Japan, and India are investing in enhancing their network defenses to prevent theft of data and cyber-attacks. The increase in the volume of data and growing demand for mobile and web applications are driving the growth of threat intelligence market in Asia Pacific region.
Intended Audience:
Network Operators
Government Agencies
Telecommunication Companies
IT Security Providers
End-users
Software Solutions Providers
Cybersecurity Providers
Software Vendors
Media companies
Manufacturing companies
Retail Companies
Table of Contents
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Markets Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
Continues…
List of Tables
Table 1 Threat Intelligence Management Market: By Region, 2018-2023
Table 2 North America Threat Intelligence Management Market: By Country, 2018-2023
Table 3 Europe Threat Intelligence Management Market: By Country, 2018-2023
Table 4 Asia Pacific Threat Intelligence Management Market: By Country, 2018-2023
Table 5 the Middle East & Africa Threat Intelligence Management Market: By Country, 2018-2023
Continues…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Global Threat Intelligence Management Market Segmentation
Figure 2 Forecast Methodology
Figure 3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis of Global Threat Intelligence Management Market
Figure 4 Value Chain of Global Threat Intelligence Management Market
Figure 5 Share of Threat Intelligence Management Market In 2018, By Country (In %)
Continues…
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Solutions, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
French consulate worker Romain Franck, a French employee of France's Consulate in Jerusalem, covers his face during a hearing at the district court in in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba, Monday, March 19, 2018. Franck has been arrested on charges of smuggling dozens of guns from the Gaza Strip to the West Bank. Israel's internal security agency said Franck smuggled more than 70 guns on five occasions in his consular vehicle, which was subjected to more lenient security checks than other vehicles. (AP Photo/Sebastian Scheiner)
French consulate worker Romain Franck, a French employee of France's Consulate in Jerusalem, covers his face during a hearing at the district court in in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba, Monday, March 19, 2018. Franck has been arrested on charges of smuggling dozens of guns from the Gaza Strip to the West Bank. Israel's internal security agency said Franck smuggled more than 70 guns on five occasions in his consular vehicle, which was subjected to more lenient security checks than other vehicles. (AP Photo/Sebastian Scheiner)
JERUSALEM (AP) - A French employee of France's Consulate in Jerusalem is under arrest for allegedly smuggling dozens of weapons from the Gaza Strip to the West Bank, Israel's domestic security agency said Monday.
The Shin Bet said the man, identified as Romain Franck, 23, was part of a broader Palestinian smuggling ring. It said he used his consular vehicle, which is subjected to more lenient security checks, to transport the weapons through Israel's tightly secured border with the Gaza Strip. It said he took part in the ring for financial gain and that his employer was unaware of his actions.
The French Embassy in Israel issued a statement confirming that a consulate employee had been arrested, saying it was treating the incident with "great importance," but wouldn't discuss the case itself. The embassy said it was in contact with Israeli authorities and the suspect's family, and was opening an internal investigation into the matter.
The Shin Bet said Franck, who was arrested in February, confessed to the charges. A previous gag order on the case was lifted Monday, when Israel charged Franck with conspiracy to commit a crime and multiple weapons offenses, among other counts.
"This is a very serious incident in which the privileges and immunity granted to foreign missions in Israel were cynically exploited to smuggle dozens of weapons that could be used in terror attacks," the Shin Bet statement said.
The Shin Bet said Franck transferred a total of 70 handguns and two assault rifles on five occasions over recent months. It said he received the arms from a Gaza man employed at the French cultural center in Gaza and brought them to someone in the West Bank, where they were then sold to arm dealers.
The French Foreign Ministry said the arrested employee, a member of the consulate's "technical staff," was detained by Israeli authorities "under serious charges related to alleged trafficking in arms."
The ongoing internal investigation is aimed at "drawing all the conclusions to allow our Consulate General's members to pursue in the best conditions their important mission in a difficult context," ministry spokeswoman Agnes Von Der Muhll said.
The French ambassador and other embassy officials have visited the consular employee and "we're making sure that all the rights of our compatriot are well respected," she said.
According to the indictment, Franck was a driver for the consulate and would ferry diplomatic staff between Gaza and Jerusalem. He would transport the arms in packages or suitcases in the trunk of the consular car and lie to Israeli security guards at the Gaza border crossing when asked if he was carrying any weapons. The indictment said Franck earned thousands of dollars for moving the guns.
Israeli officials believe that consular immunity would not apply in this case.
The Shin Bet sent reporters a picture of what it said was the consular vehicle, a silver SUV. It was not clear from the photo whether the vehicle carried the white license plates of the consular corps.
Nine people, including Franck, were arrested, the Shin Bet said. Among the suspects is a Palestinian security guard at the French Consulate in Jerusalem.
The Shin Bet said French authorities were kept aware of developments on the case during the investigation.
Israel has previously accused Palestinians employed by the U.N. or non-governmental organizations of participating in hostile activities, including collaborating with Gaza's militant Hamas rulers. But allegations against international staffers are rare.
---------------------
Philippe Sotto in Paris contributed to the report.
Tina Turner's firstborn son, Craig Turner, died of apparent suicide Tuesday, the Los Angeles coroner's office confirms to USA TODAY. He was 59.
Police found him dead at 12:38 p.m. of an apparent gunshot wound inside his Studio City, Calif. home, according to Ed Winter, assistant chief of investigations for the Los Angeles.coroner's department.
An autopsy is pending.
Craig worked in real estate and was Tina Turner's firstborn son, whom she had at age 18 with saxophonist Raymond Hill. Craig was adopted by Ike Turner after they wed in 1962.
Turner told Oprah Winfrey in a 2005 interview that Craig was "a very emotional kid" who offered support when she was physically abused by Ike Turner.
Craig was in high school when Turner finally left the abusive relationship with Ike.
"Before you can really help them, you have to strengthen yourself," Turner said.
Tina Turner divorced Ike in 1978. She married German music producer Erwin Bach, her partner of nearly 30 years, in 2013.
Turner and Bach were in Paris Tuesday night attending a party for Giorgio Armani Prive Haute Couture.
USA TODAY has reached out to representatives for Turner.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center
High-tech firearm uses guidance system to lock on target
0:49
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By The Associated Press
SEATTLE (AP) — Protesters decrying hatred and racism say they felt compelled to gather and counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
The gatherings Sunday spanned from anti-fascist protests in San Francisco to a march to President Donald Trump's home in New York.
In Seattle, police arrested three men as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged downtown.
In Denver, several hundred demonstrators gathered beneath a statue of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marched about 2 miles (3.22 kilometers) to the state Capitol.
In New York, protesters marched from several locations in Manhattan to Trump Tower, demanding the president denounce white nationalist groups.
A crowd gathered for a vigil in Charlottesville, Virginia, on the street where a day earlier a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters, killing one.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
March 19 (UPI) -- Police said Monday they believe the latest explosive attack in Austin, Texas, is most likely the work of a serial bomber -- and made a direct plea to the perpetrator to stop the violence.
Two men were injured Sunday night when a package left on their doorstep exploded. It was the fourth such attack in the Texas capital this month.
"We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point," Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said mid-morning Monday. "We have seen similarities in the device that exploded here last night and the other three devices that have exploded in Austin."
Police said the device that exploded Sunday night may have been triggered by a different mechanism: a tripwire. Investigators said the tripwire is the main difference between Sunday's attack and the others.
"The belief that we are now dealing with someone who is using tripwires shows a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill," Manley said, warning that residents should not approach any suspicious items like backpacks, boxes or suitcases.
"It is very possible that this device is a device that was activated by someone either handling, kicking or coming in contact with a tripwire activating the device," Manley said earlier. "Do not handle packages, do not pick up packages, do not disturb packages."
Manley also made a direct appeal to the bomber.
"I will reach out to the suspect or suspects and ask that you contact us, ask that you reach out to us. Communicate with us so that we can put this to an end," Manley said. "There are innocent people getting hurt in this community and it needs to come to a stop."
The police chief asked residents to instead call 911 to report suspicious packages.
A tripwire is activated when pressure is placed on it, by stepping on it or kicking it, officials said. Tripwires can be made from fishing line or a metal wire attached to the bomb.
Authorities said they performed another sweep of the area Monday morning and brought in specialists to conduct a post-blast investigation -- a team that includes more than 350 FBI special agents.
Manley encouraged Travis County residents with surveillance cameras at their homes to hand over their footage, hoping it might contain additional clues.
Sunday's explosion was the fourth mail package attack in Austin this month. Two men were killed in three bombings on March 2 and March 12. No arrests have been made.
Two men, ages 22 and 23, were injured by Sunday's bomb, but will survive.
Sunday's explosion occurred just hours after the FBI increased its reward for information to $100,000.
Texas Crime Stoppers is offering an additional $15,000 for the bomber's arrest and conviction.
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — The Arizona Cardinals didn't get much offense against Tennessee. Their defense, though, was just fine.
The Cardinals held the Titans (8-5) to 204 yards, just 65 on the ground, in a 12-7 victory on Sunday that knocked Tennessee out of first place in the AFC South.
“Our defense really stepped it up,” said Arizona outside linebacker Chandler Jones, who had a sack, three tackles for loss and two quarterback hits, “buying into what the coaches are preaching, and guys were just making plays.”
The Cardinals (6-7) intercepted Marcus Mariota twice in the second half, once to stop a scoring threat and later to set up one of Phil Dawson's four field goals.
Mariota said he hurt a knee in the first half but kept playing and didn't use it as an excuse.
He completed 16 of 31 passes for 159 yards and was just 6 of 16 for 60 yards in the second half.
“I expect myself to do my job and just taking care of the football and converting third downs,” Mariota said. “I haven't been up to par, and I've got to be better.”
Meanwhile, after gaining 193 yards in a win over Houston a week earlier, the Tennessee rushing game ground to a halt.
“I don't remember too many times in my time here where anybody has run the ball in this stadium against us,” Arizona coach Bruce Arians said.
Dawson connected from 47, 23, 32 and 35 yards and missed one from 40. It was the eighth miss of the year for the 42-year-old kicker, tying the most in a season in his long career.
“It's inexcusable,” Arians said, “but he made the next two.”
The victory came two weeks after the Cardinals beat AFC South leader Jacksonville on the same field. Arians improved to 7-1 against AFC South teams.
“I wish we played them every week,” he said.
Here are some things to consider from Arizona's victory over the Titans:
STICKING AROUND
There was no long, brooding flight home for Tennessee after the game, just a bus ride to a resort on the other side of suburban Phoenix.
The Titans are staying in the desert next week, practicing at Arizona State University to prepare for next Sunday's game at San Francisco.
“I think this is a good opportunity for us to come together as a team,” Mariota said, “especially with the circumstances with what happened. So I think it's going to be good for us, and I think we can bounce back on Sunday.”
SACK CITY
Even though top pass rusher Derrick Morgan was out injured, the Titans sacked Blaine Gabbert eight times, the most by an Arizona opponent this season.
Six players had at least one sack. Jurrell Casey had two.
“It's definitely good to see us getting pressure,” Tennessee linebacker Avery Williamson said. “I wish we could've got some strip sacks, but we definitely had them out of their comfort zone.”
The eight sacks tied for the most for the Titans this season. They had eight against Indianapolis two weeks ago.
MARIOTA'S PICKS
Mariota was not intercepted a week ago against Houston, but he threw two against Indianapolis and four against Pittsburgh in the two games before that.
Overall, the third-year quarterback has thrown for 10 touchdowns and been intercepted 14 times this season.
Tramon Williams got the first interception and Josh Bynes the second.
Mariota said both were his fault, although receiver Rishard Matthews also took the blame for the first one.
RUN STOP
Derrick Henry, who rushed for 109 yards on 11 attempts a week earlier against Houston, gained just 20 yards in eight carries for Tennessee. Demarco Murray had 34 yards on 11 attempts.
“We were just definitely sound defensively,” Bynes said. “We knew we had to stop the run, and once we stopped the run, we made them one-dimensional.”
The Cardinals, who entered the game ranked last in the NFL in rushing, outgained the Titans on the ground 136-65.
FITZGERALD'S CLIMB
Larry Fitzgerald caught five passes for 44 yards, in the process moving past his boyood idol Randy Moss into third place on the NFL career yards receiving list.
Fitzgerald has 15,311 yards, behind only Jerry Rice (22,895) and Terrell Owens (15,934).
Will he catch Owens at No. 2?
“I don't know,” he said. “That would require me to play another year, I think.”
Fitzgerald hasn't said whether he will play next season.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
For centuries Inuit children in Greenland, Canada, and Alaska have been observed as small. But recently they have begun to grow a lot.
For centuries Inuit children in Greenland, Canada, and Alaska have been observed as small. But recently they have begun to grow a lot.
»During the last couple of years people have noticed that Greenlandic boys and girls are getting taller compared to older generations. These common observations have now been scientifically proved,« says Marius Kløvgaard, MD and one of the scientists behind a newly published study of growth of Greenlandic children.
Previous studies of growth of the indigenous Inuit people of Greenland, Canada and Alaska has characterized them as shorter but with the same weight as European or continental US citizens. Yet, this specific growth pattern was no longer found in the new study of growth of Greenlandic children conducted by researchers from University of Southern Denmark, which has just been published in the scientific journal Acta Paediatrica.
»We evaluated the growth of 279 healthy Greenlandic boys and girls aged 6-10 years and found that at puberty, Greenlandic children are now as tall as children in Denmark,« says Marius Kløvgaard.
As a part of the study the research group has also conducted specific growth charts for children in Greenland that can be used for monitoring growth and thrive. Growth charts for Greenlandic children have never been published before.
Genes and obese mothers
The fact that the growth of Greenlandic children is no longer stunted has several explanations.
»Many people in Greenland have one or more ancestors of Scandinavian origin so genetic admixture is quite common. That might to some extent explain why children in Greenland have a similar growth pattern to children in Denmark,« says Marius Kløvgaard.
Another important finding is a high number of obese mothers.
»It is well-known that obese mothers get large babies, and it seems like these larges babies keep on being large during their childhood,« says Marius Kløvgaard.
Healthy children
Furthermore, in a recent study, the research group found, that children in Greenland are as healthy as children in Denmark. Actually, children in Greenland have fewer visits to the doctors than Danish children.
»Chronic diseases might hamper growth. But improvements in health and nutrition have reduced this kind of problems,« says Marius Kløvgaard.
###
Chaffetz wants U.S. Marshals to be charged with assessing threats against members of Congress and securing them in more high-profile and widely attended events.
Chaffetz himself was the focus of a March death threat in which a Florida man vowed in a voice mail to "hunt your a-- down, wrap a rope around your neck and hang you from a lamppost," according to court records.
Charles Zachary Howard of Winter Park, Fla., was charged with a federal felony of threatening to injure another person and is awaiting trial.
While charging documents refer to the member as "Congressman A," Chaffetz on Wednesday confirmed for the first time he was the recipient of the threat.
"I suggest you prepare for the battle motherf----r and the apocalypse," Howard said, according to a probable because statement filed in federal court.
While Howard's motivation isn't clear — he railed against the Freemasons and the KKK in his voice mail — his March 8 voice mail to Chaffetz was left a day after the congressman's widely reported comment that Americans may have to choose between buying a new iPhone or paying for their own health care, a remark that sparked public outrage and ridicule.
Howard's attorney, Mark O'Brien, said in an email that his client, who was medically discharged from the Navy, suffers from a mental health illness and at times, his anger "boils over and presents itself in an inappropriate manner."
"This is not to downplay the fear Representative Chaffetz and his staff must have felt after listening to the voicemail recording," O'Brien said. "However, given what occurred in Virginia earlier today, I remind everyone that each person must be judged individually. The horror of today's events are reflective only of the person who committed them. Charles must be judged on his own conduct and the mitigating circumstances of his life."
Howard has yet to enter a plea in the case and has been released from jail and is receiving mental health treatment, O'Brien added.
Chaffetz isn't alone in receiving threats on his life.
A military veteran from the East Coast, who had been arrested in Utah recently, became irate and threatened Rep. Chris Stewart and his staff for not getting him out of jail, Stewart's office says. Capitol Police investigated the incident, though it appears no charges were filed.
Saratoga Springs, Utah, police interviewed a woman in recent months who had been snapping photos of Rep. Mia Love's children as they played in their yard, Love said Wednesday.
Sen. Orrin Hatch was deputized as a special deputy U.S. Marshal in 1993 so he could carry a gun after receiving death threats.
On Wednesday, Hatch, who is third in line for the presidency as the Senate president pro tempore and has an around-the-clock security detail, took to the Senate floor to thank by name each of the 23 agents who protect he and his wife, Elaine.
We've all heard it: eating salty foods makes you thirstier. But what sounds like good nutritional advice turns out to be an old-wives' tale. In a study carried out during a simulated mission to Mars, an international group of scientists has found exactly the opposite to be true. "Cosmonauts" who ate more salt retained more water, weren't as thirsty, and needed more energy.
For some reason, no one had ever carried out a long-term study to determine the relationship between the amount of salt in a person's diet and his drinking habits. Scientists have known that increasing a person's salt intake stimulates the production of more urine - it has simply been assumed that the extra fluid comes from drinking. Not so fast! say researchers from the German Aerospace Center (DLR), the Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine (MDC), Vanderbilt University and colleagues around the world. Recently they took advantage of a simulated mission to Mars to put the old adage to the test. Their conclusions appear in two papers in the current issue of The Journal of Clinical Investigation.
What does salt have to do with Mars? Nothing, really, except that on a long space voyage conserving every drop of water might be crucial. A connection between salt intake and drinking could affect your calculations - you wouldn't want an interplanetary traveler to die because he liked an occasional pinch of salt on his food. The real interest in the simulation, however, was that it provided an environment in which every aspect of a person's nutrition, water consumption, and salt intake could be controlled and measured.
The studies were carried out by Natalia Rakova (MD, PhD) of the Charité and MDC and her colleagues. The subjects were two groups of 10 male volunteers sealed into a mock spaceship for two simulated flights to Mars. The first group was examined for 105 days; the second over 205 days. They had identical diets except that over periods lasting several weeks, they were given three different levels of salt in their food.
The results confirmed that eating more salt led to a higher salt content in urine - no surprise there. Nor was there any surprise in a correlation between amounts of salt and overall quantity of urine. But the increase wasn't due to more drinking - in fact, a salty diet caused the subjects to drink less. Salt was triggering a mechanism to conserve water in the kidneys.
Before the study, the prevailing hypothesis had been that the charged sodium and chloride ions in salt grabbed onto water molecules and dragged them into the urine. The new results showed something different: salt stayed in the urine, while water moved back into the kidney and body. This was completely puzzling to Prof. Jens Titze, MD of the University of Erlangen and Vanderbilt University Medical Center and his colleagues. "What alternative driving force could make water move back?" Titze asked.
Experiments in mice hinted that urea might be involved. This substance is formed in muscles and the liver as a way of shedding nitrogen. In mice, urea was accumulating in the kidney, where it counteracts the water-drawing force of sodium and chloride. But synthesizing urea takes a lot of energy, which explains why mice on a high-salt diet were eating more. Higher salt didn't increase their thirst, but it did make them hungrier. Also the human "cosmonauts" receiving a salty diet complained about being hungry.
The project revises scientists' view of the function of urea in our bodies. "It's not solely a waste product, as has been assumed," Prof. Friedrich C. Luft, MD of the Charité and MDC says. "Instead, it turns out to be a very important osmolyte - a compound that binds to water and helps transport it. Its function is to keep water in when our bodies get rid of salt. Nature has apparently found a way to conserve water that would otherwise be carried away into the urine by salt."
The new findings change the way scientists have thought about the process by which the body achieves water homeostasis - maintaining a proper amount and balance. That must happen whether a body is being sent to Mars or not. "We now have to see this process as a concerted activity of the liver, muscle and kidney," says Jens Titze.
"While we didn't directly address blood pressure and other aspects of the cardiovascular system, it's also clear that their functions are tightly connected to water homeostasis and energy metabolism."
###
Note: This project is primarily a product of DLR research. At the MDC are Natalia Rakova, Dominik N. Müller and Friedrich C. Luft. Senior author is Jens Titze at Vanderbilt University where Friedrich C. Luft is an affiliated faculty member.
Natalia Rakova, Kento Kitada, et al. (2017): "Increased salt consumption induces body water conservation and decreases fluid intake." The Journal of Clinical Investigation. doi: 10.1172/JCI88530
Kento Kitada, Steffen Daub, et al. (2017): "High salt intake reprioritizes osmolyte and energy metabolism for body fluid conservation." The Journal of Clinical Investigation. doi: 10.1172/JCI88532
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Dylan Hatfield got one last chance to see his brother and five other crewmen on the Destination, a 98-foot crab boat missing and presumed sunk in the Bering Sea.
The Destination was tied up Thursday in the Aleutian Islands port of Dutch Harbor, preparing to leave. Hatfield, 29, had just come in from the Bering Sea on a different boat. He had worked on the Destination off and on for seven years, and when he left, his older brother, 36-year-old Darrik Seibold, replaced him.
“We went down to the boat, brought a case of beer, said hello to everybody, gave everybody big hugs, told stories and had laughs,” Hatfield said. Afterward, they all went out for pizza at the Norwegian Rat Saloon.”
“I got to tell the fellas I loved them, I got to hug my brother and tell him that I loved him, and then they left,” Hatfield said.
Early Friday, the Destination left for St. Paul Island, one of the tiny Pribilof Islands in the vast Bering Sea.
On Saturday morning, Hatfield got the call: the Destination was missing 2 miles off another Pribilof Island, St. George. The Coast Guard had received an emergency location radio transmission from a device that transmits when it hits saltwater.
Searchers rushed to the scene. They found an oil slick, a life ring and buoys. They emergency location beacon was floating in the slick.
The lack of debris, the failure to make a mayday call, the absence of lifeboats or mariners in survival suits pointed to a sudden tragedy.
“In my mind, they rolled over,” Hatfield said. “I'm almost positive that those boys are still on the boat.”
Commercial fishing is inherently dangerous, and crab fishing in the Bering Sea is notoriously so. Fishermen work winters in icy, heaving platforms handling heavy, unforgiving equipment.
The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health notes that fishermen drop crab pots, each weighing 750 to 850 pounds empty, rigged to hundreds of feet of coiled line and buoys used to recover them from the ocean bottom.
Just getting to the fishing grounds is dangerous. Vessels stack the heavy pots on their main deck in three to five tiers high as they travel in shallow ocean that sees big waves, high wind and icing that can make a boat top-heavy.
In the 1990s, 73 people died in the Bering Sea crab fishery as the result of capsizing, sinking, falling overboard or an industrial accident. Two factors, however, have dramatically lowered that rate of nearly eight deaths annually.
The Coast Guard and the Alaska Department of Fish and Game in 1999 instituted an upgraded inspection program with an emphasis on stability and safety. Vessels found lacking were not allowed to leave port.
Federal managers also changed the fishery. Before 2005, boats rushed out from ports “derby style,” trying to catch as much crab as possible until a quota was met, even if it meant fishing in dangerous conditions.
That was replaced with “crab rationalization,” in which most of the catch was guaranteed to boat owners. That meant they could use fewer boats, take longer to catch their quota and sit out dangerous conditions.
It also meant hundreds of crew members lost their jobs. However, safety improved. From October 1999 through last year, 10 lives have been lost, according to the national institute.
The Destination was on its way to St. Paul and planned to drop off bait on the island before heading out for a week or two to fish. The boat was carrying 200 crab pots and probably about 15,000 pounds of bait, Hatfield said.
The boat had just rounded the northeast quarter of St. George Island, an area known for turbulent water, when it went down.
“You get the shelf shallowing-up there, and lots of tide,” Hatfield said. “It's always really cold around those islands.”
A number of factors probably led to a capsizing, he said. The boat may have iced up from sea spray freezing in 20-degree temperatures. An alarm in the engine or steering room may have malfunctioned.
The boat had three tanks for holding crab. Pumps keep water circulating to them. If a pump shut off, it could cause a tank go slack — partially emptied of water that provides stability, Hatfield said.
When a big wave hits, and the boat rolls in one direction, a slack tank makes it harder to recover.
“It's never the first one,” Hatfield said. “They probably took a big one, laid ‘em over, and they didn't recover. Then they took another one, and another one, until she probably just rolled over.”
The vessel owners, F/V Destination, Inc., have not released name of the six crewmen. Spokesman Mike Barcott said the company has not contacted all families to make sure they want the names public.
He agreed that whatever happened probably came on suddenly. A half hour before the boat disappeared, it was in calm water on the lee of St. George Island, Barcott said by email.
“If there was a problem at that time they easily could have pulled into the harbor so we assume all was good then,” he said.
Seibold leaves a 3-year-old son. The cause of the tragedy likely will never be known, Hatfield said.
“The only people who know what happened are on the bottom of the ocean,” he said.
× Man Shot, Killed in Monroe County
CHESTNUTHILL TOWNSHIP — Police call the death of a man in Monroe County a homicide.
Investigators say Lawrence Purcell was found dead at a home on Glenwood Road near Effort on Tuesday.
The 34-year-old from Kunkletown had been shot.
Troopers haven't said if anyone has been arrested here in Monroe County.
Friday on MSNBC's “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” network host Chris Matthews called the House Intelligence Committee released memo “a hit job.”
Matthews, said, “You know how odd this is, the fact that the legislative leadership is, in fact, going along with what's really, sort of, a staff operation. Somebody decided to use Nunes to get this information out last spring. They did it again this time. I'm very suspicious about the authorship. The way it's written, it seems like it's almost—they were hired guns to go after the enemies of the president, his targets. The first item here, the first paragraph, Comey, McCabe, Rosenstein, they are the bad guys, they signed on to this one or more times, numerous times.”
He added, “This is not normal politics. This is a hit job here.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
A military spokesman says it was enough that officials delegated to ground commanders the task of monitoring and acting on threats in Marawi City
Published 1:31 PM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – A military spokesman defended the decision of top security officials to accompany President Rodrigo Duterte in his visit to Russia despite having advance information that terrorists were planning to take over Marawi City.
Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) spokesman Brigadier General Restituto Padilla said it was enough that defense officials delegated ground commanders to monitor and act on threats to Marawi City while they were in Russia.
"Regardless of where they were, they could have been elsewhere in Asia, any part of the world, when any kind of trouble erupts anywhere in the Philippines, we have ground commanders who are very competently looking after the security situation in these areas," Padilla said in a Palace news briefing on Wednesday, June 14.
"The Chief of Staff has delegated his responsibilities to these ground commanders who will act on this information. It does not necessitate that the Chief of Staff should be there; it does not necessitate that all those with stars on their shoulders must be there to direct," he added.
Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana, National Security Adviser Hermogenes Esperon Jr, AFP chief General Eduardo Año, and Philippine National Police (PNP) chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa were part of Duterte's delegation to Russia.
A few hours after arriving in Moscow, Duterte and the security officials were informed of the military raid in Marawi City that quickly escalated into clashes with terrorists inspired by the Islamic State (ISIS). The President signed Proclamation No. 216 declaring martial law in Mindanao while still in Russia.
Officials had admitted that the military knew terrorists planned to take over Marawi City even before the Russia trip.
Major General Rolando Bautista, ground commander who ordered the Marawi raid, told Rappler they knew of the plans "2 to 3 weeks" before the start of clashes. Solicitor General Jose Calida said the military had the information since April.
Incomplete picture
Padilla said that though the military had advance information on some aspects of the attack, it still took time for the complete picture to form. Lorenzana earlier admitted there was a lack of "appreciation of intelligence."
"When this event was surfacing, the big picture was still forming... The ground commander was only starting to understand the full picture," said Padilla.
Among the things the military did not expect were the presence of Abu Sayyaf leader Isnilon Hapilon in Marawi City, the number of terrorists positioned there, and their sniping capability, according to Bautista.
Because of Hapilon's surprise appearance, the military decided to conduct a raid to capture him. The raid prematurely triggered the terrorists' plan to take over Marawi City. (READ: How a military raid triggered Marawi attacks)
Padilla also emphasized the Russian visit as too significant to pass up, especially given the incomplete intelligence they had at the time.
"The visit was historical, the visit to Russia. It was necessary for our highest officials to be there to show our commitment that we want to start our relationship with them, and that is only right," said the military spokesman.
Duterte was set to witness the signing of deals on defense cooperation and intelligence-sharing during the official visit. He and his delegation were also supposed to visit a military shipyard in St Petersburg.
After hearing from military officials that the Marawi situation was at a "critical" level, Duterte declared martial law in Mindanao, cut his Russia visit short, and flew back to the Philippines.
The Marawi crisis entered its 23rd day on Wednesday, June 14, as did the martial law proclamation in Mindanao.
The military has stopped giving deadlines for the end of the crisis – the last was June 12, Philippine Independence Day – but assured the public it is doing its best to do this "as soon as possible." – Rappler.com
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
SAN DIEGO (CNS) — Authorities Tuesday identified a 76-year-old man who was fatally injured in a house fire over the weekend in Paradise Hills that also seriously injured a second man.
Alex Ballisteros and the other man, whose identity has not been released by the county Medical Examiner's Office, were pulled from the burning home in the 2900 block of Calle Cumbre around 10:15 p.m. Saturday.
Ballisteros had severe burns, was unconscious and wasn't breathing when firefighters pulled him into the front yard of the home, according to the Medical Examiner's Office. Paramedics performed CPR on Ballisteros on the way to UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest, where he was pronounced dead at 12:29 a.m. Sunday.
The other man cited Ballisteros' family members in identifying him as Robert Riggs, was also taken to the same hospital in critical condition. An update on his condition was not immediately available.
Witnesses and neighbors described hearing the men scream for help while trapped in the garage of the home, but the intensity of the fire prevented neighbors from helping before firefighters arrived.
Family members at the home Monday told local media that Ballisteros was a San Diego native who attended Lincoln High School, served in the Air Force and was an accomplished artist.
The San Diego Fire-Rescue Department's Metro Arson Strike Team determined the blaze was accidental, but the cause remains under investigation, spokeswoman Monica Munoz said. It took firefighters 45 minutes to knock down the flames.
By Jason Keidel
Just a week ago it said here that the best chance Conor McGregor had of beating Floyd Mayweather Jr. in their ballyhooed bout on Aug 26 was if Mayweather had, as every fighter has at some point, gotten athletically old.
And now, Mayweather either agrees with me or is being professionally coy for the sake of coin.
During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith, Mayweather mused over his upcoming fight with McGregor, and made some unusually candid and self-effacing assertions. Most notably, that he's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man, but also larger and stronger. So, says Mayweather, this is the first time his foe as the edge, at least on paper.
It has long been Mayweather's M.O. to regard his foes with cheeky indifference – when he deigns to acknowledge them – the man across the ring barely a bookmark during his self-indulgent monologues. But what if Mayweather is being genuine? What if he really realizes that what is happening to him happened to all before him, from Joe Louis to Ray Robinson to Muhammad Ali?
It's almost impossible to imagine this kind of persona makeover, especially in Mayweather. A tectonic shift from epic hubris to low-key humility is about as likely as Dikembe Mutombo winning the NBA's three-point shooting contest.
Is this newfound modesty or a new sales pitch? Is Floyd Maywether Jr making concessions to nature or his he too naturally arrogant to fear Father Time?
Mother Nature has humbled many a man, woman, and athlete, and made modesty a necessity. But when you're still 49-0 and driving a different Bugatti every day, it's hard to correlate modesty with someone who proudly lives like King Farouk. He graduated from Pretty Boy Floyd to Money Mayweather at least a decade ago, and has felt no need to earn a higher degree, at least not in terms of moniker or monetary appetites.
Mayweather is difficult to digest, even for those of us who still kneel at boxing's crumbling altar. But he's too naturally gifted and aesthetically pleasing when he plies his trade in the ring. The problems begin when he removes the mouthpiece and opens his mouth.
There's chatter about biblical debt due the IRS, how he needs this fight more to keep the lights on than to turn McGregor's lights off. Tax bills and celebrities – especially athletes – are a common pair, like pop culture's peanut butter and jelly. If you ever saw the delightful documentary, appropriately titled, “Broke,” you'd be astonished by how many millionaires are paupers by 35.
Mayweather is long past 35. But even at 40, he's in sublime physical shape. Unlike many of his predecessors, like Ali, Mayweather never got soft around the middle. Roberto Duran often looked pregnant between bouts, then somehow sweated the cellulite into oblivion just in time to pummel his next opponent. Mayweather is a walking workout, 24/7 fit. For all his faults and foibles – and there are tons – he never disrespected his sport vis-a-vis his preparation or performance.
The latest drama sprouted from McGregor's camp, when former boxing champ Paulie Malignaggi agreed to spar with the loquacious cage fighter. McGregor specifically targeted Malignaggi because he opined publicly that McGregor had no shot at defeating Mayweather, if he'd even land a glove on him. After a few rounds and cleverly placed pics on social media, showing Malignaggi on his back, the longtime boxer fled the camp, wholly disputing what looked like a knockdown.
McGregor says it was clean; Malginaggi said he was shoved to the canvas. Then an odd arbiter stepped in. Shaquille O'Neal tweeted a few moments of the sparring, which showed McGregor knocking Malignaggi all over the ring, peppering him with lead lefts and roundhouse rights. The disputed knockdown seems equal parts punch and push.
Was Malignaggi tanking for the inherent click bait it brings? Was he out of shape or out of his mind? Or is McGregor really a fine boxer who simply prefers mixed martial arts?
None of us really knows any of those answers. We do know that, other than being fine athletic specimens who are great at beating people up, Mayweather and McGregor are also showmen and wildly gifted salesmen, their tongues almost as sharp as their punches. There's a reason this fight had more public than pugilistic appeal. One thing – perhaps the only thing – Mayweather and McGregor have in common is that just as many folks tune in to see them lose as to watch them win.
So for some folks the good news is that, on Aug 26, either Floyd Mayweather Jr or Conor McGregor is going to win the fight. For most folks, the best news is that one of them will lose.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. officials are blaming the North Korean government for a series of cyberattacks dating to 2009 against media, aerospace, financial sectors and infrastructure in the United States and across the world.
The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a warning this week, saying the cyberattacks were carried out by actors within the North Korean government, known as “Hidden Cobra.”
The alert issued Tuesday says that both DHS and the FBI believe Hidden Cobra will continue to use cyber operations to advance their government's military and strategic objectives.
ATHENS, April 9 Greece will implement additional austerity measures agreed with its official creditors on condition of further debt relief that will enable the country to be included in the ECB's bond buying scheme, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said on Sunday.
Athens struck a deal with its international lenders on Friday on the key elements of a reform package that could unlock bailout funds for the country, helping it repay debt that matures in July.
"Medium-term debt relief measures, able to include us in (the ECB's) quantitative easing, and a fiscal path that will not be unattainable, is the condition for us to implement the measures we decided," he told his leftist Syriza party's central committee. (Reporting by Renee Maltezou and George Georgiopoulos)
SHANGHAI, April 6 China stocks extended gains on Thursday to hit 4-month highs as investors continued to chase stocks which could benefit from the government's launch of a massive new economic zone near Beijing.
The blue-chip CSI300 index rose 0.3 percent to 3,514.05 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index added 0.4 percent to 3,281.00.
Most of the market's attention was focused on the new Xiongan special zone, described as "a thousand-year project", with dozens of stocks related to the plan surging the maximum allowed 10 percent trade limit for the second session in a row.
Many domestic brokerage firms expect the initiative to become a strong investment theme in coming months, given the prominence of the plan.
In particular, infrastructure stocks are widely seen benefiting from the development of the special zone, which would be modelled on the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone that helped kickstart China's economic reforms in 1980.
An index tracking major infrastructure players advanced 2.3 percent to a 15-month high, after registering the best day in four months the previous session.
Infrastructure giants China State Construction Engineering leaped 6 percent, China Railway Group jumped 5 percent, while China Railway Construction Corp ended up 3.5 percent.
Investors were also looking to President Donald Trump's first face-to-face meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week, with trade and security issues set to figure prominently in the talks.
"As long as they don't have huge conflict, the meeting won't have much impact," said Alex Wong, Hong Kong-based director of Ample Finance Group.
The market was largely unfazed by a private survey which showed activity in China's service sector expanded at its weakest pace in six months in March, hurt by slower growth in new orders and intensifying cost pressures.
"Investors are generally optimistic about consumption and the real estate sector," Wong said, adding that the Hong Kong and China markets were expected to outperform global peers.
A flurry of data in coming weeks is expected to show solid economic growth in China in March, though many analysts expect the pace to moderate in coming months as the impact of earlier stimulus fades and measures to cool the heated property market start to bite. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
President Donald Trump pumps his fist as he arrives at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg, West Virginia.
Evan Vucci, AP
A federal judge in Washington has tossed out a lawsuit claiming President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign conspired with Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish emails hacked from the Democratic National Committee.
However, Judge Ellen Huvelle wrote that her ruling was "not based on a finding that there was no collusion between defendants and Russia during the 2016 presidential election."
The ruling came hours after the Senate Intelligence Committee said it agreed with U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government tried to undercut Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while promoting Trump during the 2016 presidential election.
Huvelle, an appointee of former President Bill Clinton, said the conspiracy claims in the lawsuit centered around meetings between Trump staffers and Russian operatives in New York, making New York the proper place for the lawsuit. New York, however, does not recognize the specific tort claims pressed in the suit.
The suit was filed on behalf of DNC donors Eric Schoenberg and Roy Cockrum and former DNC staffer Scott Comer. It claims the hack invaded their privacy, attempted to inflict emotional distress and violated their right to support the candidate of their choice.
More: Senate panel says Russia intervened in 2016 election to help Trump
More: House panel subpoenas FBI agent who wrote anti-Trump texts
The lawsuit alleges that computer hackers working on behalf of the Russian government hacked into the email systems of the DNC and obtained "voluminous amounts of data," including emails and other documents sent to and from thousands of individuals.
They claim the hack was "part of a deliberate campaign to interfere in the U.S. election and tilt its outcome in favor of Donald Trump" and that the Trump campaign, specifically former operative Roger Stone, conspired with unidentified Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish hacked emails.
Almost 20,000 emails were published in July 2016, days before the start of the Democratic National Convention. Some suggested that the Democratic National Committee had been working behind the scenes to ensure Clinton was nominated over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz ultimately resigned under pressure amid the ensuing controversy.
Protect Democracy, which filed the suit, said it was examining its options regarding an appeal or refiling somewhere else.
"While we are disappointed in and respectfully disagree with today's decision from the District Court to dismiss this case on the grounds that it does not belong in Washington, D.C., this case is far from over," the group said in a statement.
U.S. intelligence agencies, in a 2017 report, wrote that Russian President Vladimir Putin "ordered an influence campaign backing Trump in the 2016 election. The report said Moscow had a "clear preference" for Trump and sought to undercut Clinton while also undermining the U.S. democratic process.
Trump has conducted an unrelenting social media attack on a separate, criminal investigation led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller into the allegations.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
In the last few years, protectionist-driven political campaigns and policies have gained popularity in countries like the United States, Britain and France. Globalism, on the other hand, has more detractors than supporters these days. Does this mean that globalism has failed the world's citizens, and if so, how?
Ian Bremmer is the founder and president of Eurasia Group, a political risk consultancy. His new book is "Us vs. Them: The Failure of Globalism." He joined David Brancaccio to discuss why he thinks that not only has globalism failed many, people but how the current trend of protectionist populism isn't going away until that failure is discussed. Below is an edited transcript of the interview.
Ian Bremmer: The global economy, of course, is doing better than at any point, since [the] 2008 financial crisis. So they're feeling good. But the fact that the economy's doing so well and the average person is so angry, first of all, should be really concerning for you when you think about what it's going to feel like politically in these countries when we have the next recession.
Brancaccio: Because it's not just "Trumpism" and President Trump in the United States. It's not just what happened, Brexit in Britain. It's a lot of countries feeling these forces.
Bremmer: It's certainly across the United States and Europe and increasingly emerging markets, too. And it's a sense that free trade, open borders, the U.S. and allies providing global security and technology as the utopian driver that's going to make us all even better is not working for the average citizen in these countries.
Brancaccio: And look, it's not just they're told this in a campaign. If you spend time out in the real world with people working for a living, people do not feel that they have a great future. They don't feel that their kids are going to grow up into an even better place.
Bremmer: They certainly don't. And that makes them want to vote to break things, right? And we've seen this in the United States. I think there is a sense among people that can't stand Trump that if you just get rid of Trump, things will be OK. But people made very clear that the entire establishment, whether it was Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton, were not OK with them. The idea that the United States was going to support the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the idea that the U.S. was going to allow in large numbers of refugees, the idea that the U.S. was going to continue failed wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and Syria — none of these things were OK to the average American voting. And they voted for Trump and for Sanders or didn't vote at all in the same way that we got Brexit in the U.K., in the same way that [Angela] Merkel took it on the chin in Germany. Same way that [Viktor] Orbán in Hungary has now a constitutional majority. Italy has the worst electoral anti-establishment result we've seen since World War II, and in France, where the globalist won, Emmanuel Macron, precisely because he ran against the establishment parties and set up his own, he's coming across as globalist and getting destroyed in the polls as a consequence. So literally, you can get rid of Trump, but I mean, all of the Trumpism in the United States is real and is coming for us, right?
Brancaccio: But a response to this is to build walls, literally and figuratively. But you're not advocating for that view, you don't want to live in a world with that level of walls set up against these others that we create through rhetoric?
Bremmer: No, and I didn't vote for Trump. But I understand why people did. And I think that as long as we continue to ignore the interests of large numbers of our countrymen and women — I mean a majority, really — then the outcome is going to be people that respond very well. Fox News put a stat up last week showing that there were, I think, 13,000 Syrians that came to the U.S. during the last year of Obama, some 3,000 in 2017, and so far this year, 11. Eleven. And I posted that on my social feeds, and I'd say a good half of the Americans that responded said 11 was too many.
Brancaccio: By the way, a huge civil war going on and people fleeing horrendous carnage and hardship in Syria. But you're saying if society doesn't help raise the prosperity of many Americans, it makes sense that people are resentful.
Bremmer: Absolutely it does. I am deeply empathetic, not only to the people that voted for Trump, but also for the much larger group that voted for Trump or voted for Hillary, they didn't vote at all because they felt like no matter who they voted for, it wasn't going to help them. They feel like, you know, all of these people that are constantly calling out Trump for all of his fake news and his mistaken facts and the rest, and they feel like those people, they may have a lot of fancy facts, but they don't care. They miss a more fundamental truth, which is that they'll get in power and they're going to continue to ignore the interests of them and their families. The American dream doesn't apply to them. We're living in a world where the average Chinese [citizen] more believes in the Chinese dream than the average American believes in the American dream, and to imagine that that means that liberal democracy in the U.S. is going to continue to hum along the way it is, the way it has? It's ludicrous. And we need to kind of come to terms with that.
Brancaccio: But anger isn't a policy. So what's the alternative? I mean capitalism tends to be global, [it] likes the borderless world. I just was reading a piece the other day that some younger folks don't think that socialism is a dirty word. Is it does that address some of the problems of angry Americans?
Bremmer: Look, I think the two ways of addressing the problems, one is you build more walls and you continue to disenfranchise. And I think that that is more sustainable than people think, especially because it's facilitated by technology, it's facilitated by social media, it's facilitated by our ability with a data revolution to get information on everyone and to sort them into only seeing and talking to those that they like. So I do think that the nature of technology facilitates more authoritarian outcomes, that disenfranchise people, than the communications revolution ever made us believe it might have 25 years ago. But the alternative is that you change the social contract. The alternative is that you actually look at these people and say, "We're going to invest in improving your infrastructure. We're going to invest in improving your education and dealing with your health care." It's going to be expensive, it's going to take a long time, and I do think that there are experiments that are happening along those lines but not at the national level. I think some CEO's are investing in universal training and we're seeing some cities and some states. But let's be clear. Technology is going to displace a hell of a lot more people than globalization ever did. So part of the reason I wrote this book is because this will get worse before it gets better. And for all of those people that believe that, "Oh, Europe is going to come together because they see how bad Brexit is," or "the United States will come together because they see what a disaster Trump was," that's just wrong. And the fact that so many people want to blame the Trump voters for voting for Trump because he's so obviously, as Comey says, morally unfit to be president, as opposed to blaming all of those that stood by for decades watching the situation for these people get worse, it strikes me that those people have at least as much responsibility and complicity on their shoulders, myself and yourself included, as those that actually ended up voting for the "anathema" president.
Brancaccio: Yeah, but you tried to focus on these issues ... and so do we. So I mean, I don't know exactly where the blame should lie, but the fact is the winners under the globalized system didn't think so many of the people who were losing out mattered.
Bremmer: We didn't do enough. Right? I mean we had this, after 2008, we had a financial crisis, it was very deep and a lot of people suffered, and there was an Occupy Wall Street movement, and it engaged our imagination for a solid six months, and by its first-year anniversary, it was gone. No one cared. We didn't do a damn thing about it. When I say that, you know, people like you and I may have focused on the issue, but clearly we all didn't do enough. We went back to our knitting, and the fact that the financial world is doing so well now, that the global economy is doing so well, and yet these people are as angry as they are really implies that when —because right now, Trump can't, like, just pay off everybody. It's the Hansel and Gretel economy, right? It's like here's a big candy house, because, I mean, he's got a budget that looks like a Democrat budget. We're going to run massive, massive deficits. But when inflation goes up and the economy turns around, you tell me who's going to get hurt on the back of that. It's going to get a lot worse.
Related How to make globalization fair, according to economist Joseph Stiglitz Trade Off: Stories of Globalization and Backlash
New study by Georgia Tech and Georgia Aquarium examines marine microbes to better understand organisms living in the water and their role in the ecosystem
More than 2 million people flock to Georgia Aquarium annually to see Ocean Voyager Built by Home Depot, the largest salt water habitat in the United States and home to whale sharks, the world's largest fish. But for microbiologists at Georgia Tech, the most significant attraction within this 6.3-million-gallon environment of aquatic life is the community of species invisible to the naked eye living within the water.
The university and aquarium collaborated to advance a new scientific frontier - study of the aquarium microbiome - to better understand the millions of marine microorganisms living in the water and what role they play in keeping the ecosystem healthy.
The research is revealed, May 1, in the scientific journal Applied and Environmental Microbiology.
"Microbiology has advanced extensively over the past decade. Using cutting edge tools and methods we now have a growing body of knowledge about the roles of various microbes within ocean environments and the human body, but aquariums are a new frontier, very little is known, studied or understood," said lead author Dr. Nastassia Patin, a microbiologist with Georgia Institute of Technology.
For 14 months, researchers routinely sampled Ocean Voyager's water comparing the community of microbes over time with those living in open ocean habitats at three different locations around the globe and with data provided by another aquarium. The dynamics of the microbe community living at Georgia Aquarium surprised them.
"What was most surprising to me was the diversity of the microbes that inhabit the Ocean Voyager exhibit and how dynamic the community of bacteria is over time," said co-author Dr. Alistair Dove, vice president, research and conservation, Georgia Aquarium.
The aquarium intentionally grows various strains of beneficial bacteria to help keep the aquarium systems healthy. The authors note there is a growing trend and market for probiotic additives for hobbyist aquarists, but very little is known or studied about microbes living within aquarium environments. The research efforts of Georgia Tech and Georgia Aquarium are breaking new ground.
Zoological Operations staff at Georgia Aquarium know that certain varieties of beneficial bacteria are critical to a healthy environment. Because of the closed aquatic system, they help break down nutrients and keep the water clear. "We don't want sterile water. A really healthy aquarium environment will have millions of microorganisms. One might say we are really keeping bacteria on exhibit, the animals just happen to be there," said Eric Hall, senior director, zoological operations, life support systems and water quality, Georgia Aquarium.
But beyond the bacteria the aquarium is intentionally growing and maintaining, relatively little is known about what else is living in the environment and how that community of organisms may change over time.
"Knowing which beneficial bacteria live in the filters, and how they clean the water is a key to keeping the bigger animals in tip-top shape and the water blue and clear so guests can enjoy them," said Dove. "It's all part of the grand incremental march of science towards a better understanding of the world around us."
With high tech DNA methods that expand the field of microbial study, both the university and the aquarium see this study as one of many collaborations in the future that will ask and answer important questions that will help the aquarium make data driven decisions to further their care and conservation of aquatic species.
###
ABOUT GEORGIA AQUARIUM
Georgia Aquarium is a leading 501(c) (3) non-profit organization located in Atlanta, Ga. that is Humane Certified by American Humane and accredited by the Alliance of Marine Mammal Parks and Aquariums and the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. Georgia Aquarium is committed to working on behalf of all marine life through education, preservation, exceptional animal care, and research across the globe. Georgia Aquarium continues its mission each day to inspire, educate, and entertain its millions of guests about the aquatic biodiversity throughout the world through its hundreds of exhibits and tens of thousands of animals across its seven major galleries. For more information, visit georgiaaquarium.org
The Meat of the Matter
Farming animals is as unsustainable as mining coal.
By George Monbiot, published in the Guardian 4th October 2017
What will future generations, looking back on our age, see as its monstrosities? We think of slavery, the subjugation of women, judicial torture, the murder of heretics, imperial conquest and genocide, the First World War and the rise of fascism, and ask ourselves how people could have failed to see the horror of what they did. What madness of our times will revolt our descendants?
There are plenty to choose from. But one of them, I believe, will be the mass incarceration of animals, to enable us to eat their flesh or eggs or drink their milk. While we call ourselves animal lovers, and lavish kindness on our dogs and cats, we inflict brutal deprivations on billions of animals, that are just as capable of suffering. The hypocrisy is so rank that future generations will marvel at how we could have failed to see it.
The shift will occur with the advent of cheap artificial meat. Technological change has often helped to catalyse ethical change. The $300m deal China signed last month, to buy lab-grown meat, marks the beginning of the end of livestock farming. But it won't happen quickly: the great suffering is likely to continue for many years.
So the answer, we are told by celebrity chefs and food writers, is to keep livestock outdoors: eat free range beef or lamb, not battery pork. But all this does is to swap one disaster – mass cruelty – for another: mass destruction.
Almost all forms of animal farming cause environmental damage, but none more so than keeping them outdoors. The reason is inefficiency. Grazing is not just slightly inefficient; it is stupendously wasteful. Roughly twice as much of the world's surface is used for grazing as for growing crops, yet animals fed entirely on pasture produce just 1 gram out of the 81 g of protein consumed per person per day.
A paper in Science of the Total Environment reports that “livestock production is the single largest driver of habitat loss”. Grazing livestock are a fully automated system for ecological destruction: you need only release them onto the land and they do the rest, browsing out tree seedlings, simplifying complex ecosystems. Their keepers augment this assault by slaughtering large predators.
In the UK, for example, sheep supply, in terms of calories, around 1% of our diet. Yet they occupy around 4 million hectares of the uplands. This is more or less equivalent to all the land under crops in this country, and more than twice the area of the built environment (1.7 million hectares). The rich mosaic of rainforest and other habitats that once covered our hills has been erased, the wildlife reduced to a handful of hardy species. The damage caused is out of all proportion to the meat produced.
Replacing the meat in our diets with soya spectacularly reduces the land area required per kilo of protein: by 70% in the case of chicken, 89% in the case of pork, and 97% in the case of beef. One study suggests that if we were all to switch to a plant-based diet, 15 million hectares of land in Britain currently used for farming could be returned to nature. Alternatively, this country could feed 200 million people. An end to animal farming would be the salvation of the world's wildlife, our natural wonders and magnificent habitats.
Understandably, those who keep animals have pushed back against such facts, using an ingenious argument. Livestock grazing, they claim, can suck carbon out of the atmosphere and store it in the soil, reducing or even reversing global warming. In a TED talk watched by 4 million people, the rancher Allan Savory claims that his “holistic” grazing could absorb enough carbon to return the world's atmosphere to pre-industrial levels. His inability, when I interviewed him, to substantiate his claims has done nothing to dent their popularity.
Similar statements have been made by Graham Harvey, the agricultural story editor of the BBC serial The Archers – he claims that the prairies in the US could absorb all the carbon “that's gone into the atmosphere for the whole planet since we industrialised” – and amplified by the Campaign to Protect Rural England. Farmers' organisations all over the world now noisily promote this view.
A report published this week by the Food Climate Research Network, called Grazed and Confused, seeks to resolve the question: can keeping livestock outdoors cause a net reduction in greenhouse gases? The authors spent two years investigating the issue. They cite 300 sources. Their answer is unequivocal. No.
It is true, they find, that some grazing systems are better than others. Under some circumstances, plants growing on pastures will accumulate carbon under the ground, through the expansion of their root systems and the laying down of leaf litter. But the claims of people like Savory and Harvey are “dangerously misleading”. The evidence supporting additional carbon storage through the special systems these livestock crusaders propose (variously described as “holistic”, “regenerative”, “mob”, or “adaptive” grazing) is weak and contradictory, and suggests that if there's an effect at all, it is small.
The best that can be done is to remove between 20 and 60% of the greenhouse gas emissions grazing livestock produce. Even this might be an overestimate: a paper published this week in the journal Carbon Balance and Management suggests that the amount of methane (a potent greenhouse gas) farm animals produce has been understated. In either case, carbon storage in pastures cannot compensate for the animals' own climate impacts; let alone those of industrial civilisation. I would like to see the TED team post a warning on Allan Savory's video, before even more people are misled.
As the final argument crumbles, we are left facing an uncomfortable fact: farming animals looks as incompatible with a sustained future for humans and other species as mining coal.
That vast expanse of pastureland, from which we obtain so little at such great environmental cost, would be better used for rewilding: the mass restoration of nature. Not only would this help to reverse the catastrophic decline in habitats and the diversity and abundance of wildlife, but the returning forests, wetlands and savannahs are likely to absorb far more carbon than even the most sophisticated forms of grazing.
The end of animal farming might be hard to swallow. But we are a resilient and adaptable species. We have undergone a series of astonishing changes: the adoption of sedentarism, of agriculture, of cities, of industry.
Now it is time for a new revolution, almost as profound as those other great shifts: the switch to a plant-based diet. The technology is – depending on how close an approximation to meat you demand (Quorn seems almost indistinguishable from chicken or mince to me) – either here or just around the corner. The ethical switch is happening already: even today, there are half a million vegans in the land of roast beef. It's time to abandon the excuses, the fake facts and false comforts. It is time to see our moral choices as our descendants will.
www.monbiot.com
Katie Brennan speaks to media after being found guilty.
Katie Brennan speaks to media after being found guilty. Picture: Getty Images
Western Bulldogs skipper Katie Brennan will miss the AFLW grand final, with the tribunal upholding her suspension.
The four-member jury on Tuesday night found Brennan guilty of rough conduct over her sling tackle on Harriet Cordner during the Dogs' tense final-round win against Melbourne.
Her suspension has been increased to two games, including Saturday's decider against Brisbane at Princes Park in Melbourne.
Cordner was shaken but able to play out the game after she was awarded a free kick, with the tackle classified as low impact, high contact and careless conduct.
Brennan's advocate Sam Norton did not dispute those elements but argued the Bulldogs forward's actions weren't unreasonable under the high-pressure circumstances.
The offence would have drawn a reprimand on its own, but it was Brennan's second classifiable offence of the season, which increased the penalty.
The jury found Brennan guilty after 22 minutes of deliberation.
Ernest L. Fox, 66 of Fostoria, passed away on October 5, 2017 at Eden Springs, Green Springs, Ohio.
He was born on August 5, 1951 to Ernest P. Fox and Protase (Stark) and they both preceded him in death. He married Linda L. Hickle on November 19, 1977 and she preceded him in death.
He is survived by one brother, Dennis Fox of Fremont, OH; two sisters, Linda Emmons of Fostoria, OH, and Mary Pridemore of Tiffin, OH; his son, Michael (Nichole) Fox of Fostoria; and two step children, Richard (Rosanne) Poland of Fostoria and Cynthia (Thomas) Hill of Wadsworth, OH.
A memorial visitation will take place Monday, October 9, 2017 from 6-8 p.m. at Mann-Hare-Hoening Funeral Home, 407 N. Countyline St., Fostoria, Ohio 44830.
He will be laid to rest in Fountain Cemetery.
Memorials are suggested to The American Cancer Society.
Comments
comments
After a tumultuous month of inactivity brought upon by Mother Nature, the teams of the USAC AMSOIL Sprint Car National Championship are champing at the bit to get their season back on track this weekend with a doubleheader of action in southern Indiana, Friday, April 27, at Bloomington Speedway and Saturday, April 28, at Tri-State Speedway in Haubstadt.
Kevin Thomas, Jr. not only leads the series standings heading into the weekend, he was also the lone driver to win at both Bloomington and Haubstadt a year ago. In fact, the Cullman, Ala. driver is the only expected entrant for this weekend's events who have multiple wins at both venues. Additionally, Thomas was victorious at Bloomington in 2012 for his very first career series win. In 2013, Thomas won a pair of features at Tri-State.
His Dynamics, Inc. team has found a fortune of success over the years at both places, with three wins at Bloomington in 2005 with Tracy Hines, 2008 with Jerry Coons, Jr. and just last year with Chad Boespflug, who outdueled Chris Windom in an incredible, see-saw battle during the final laps. At Tri-State, Dynamics, Inc. has made it to victory lane with Tracy Hines in 2002 and Brady Bacon in 2015.
Reigning series champion Windom is the only other expected driver for this weekend's races besides Thomas to capture victories at both tracks. The Canton, Ill. native nailed down a “W” at Tri-State last Spring and was tops at Bloomington back in 2011.
Tyler Courtney and Clauson Marshall Newman Racing have been a staple of the post-race victory lane photos in the early part of the 2018 USAC season, with two National Sprint Car victories at Ocala in February and a National Midget win in the “Kokomo Grand Prix” at Kokomo (Ind.) Speedway a little over a week ago. The Indianapolis, Ind. driver notched his first Bloomington win during “Indiana Midget Week” last June. With Tim Clauson on the wrenches, a No. 7 has made it to Bloomington victory lane twice with Bryan Clauson in 2009 and 2015.
Past Bloomington USAC Sprint winners hoping to redo the deed this Friday night on the quarter-mile of red clay include 2016 Indiana Sprint Week feature winner Brent Beauchamp of Avon, Ind., 2007 and 2013 winner Dave Darland of Lincoln, Ind. as well as Tucson, Arizona's Jerry Coons, Jr. in 2008.
Local hero Kyle Cummins of Princeton, Ind. has won at Tri-State in each of the past two seasons and is always a top-threat at the quarter-mile paperclip in Haubstadt. Chase Stockon of nearby Fort Branch, Ind. picked up the season-opener in Ocala and is a past Haubstadt “Spring Showdown” winner in 2016. Carson Short of Marion, Ill. has been consistently fast everywhere he's been and Tri-State is the home of his lone USAC victory back in 2016. Robert Ballou, the 2015 USAC champ from Rocklin, Calif. snared the honors at Tri-State during the summer of 2014.
At Bloomington, cars hit the track at 6:30pm (Eastern). Adult general admission tickets are $20, children 12 and under are FREE and pit passes are $30. If you can't make it to the track in person, watch LIVE flag-to-flag coverage on http://www.SpeedShiftTV.com/.
At Tri-State, pits open at 3:30pm (Central) while the grandstands open at 4:30pm. Cars hit the track at 6pm. Adult tickets are $25, students age 13-18 are $20 and children 12 and under are FREE!
USAC LINKS
Visit USAC's official website at www.USACracing.com
Follow USAC on Twitter at www.twitter.com/usacnation
Like USAC on Facebook at www.facebook.com/usacracing
Be sure to like the USAC page on Instagram at www.instagram.com/usacnation
Subscribe to www.loudpedal.tv to view replays of this year's races as well as historical USAC action from the past.
Sources: Richie Murray – USAC Media
Al Steinberg and David Nearpass Photos
© Wikipedia/ Bernard Gagnon 2017 Forecast: What Awaits Syria This Year
In late-December, Reuters reported citing sources that Syria would be divided into informal zones of regional power influence and Bashar Assad would remain president for at least a few years under a deal between Moscow, Ankara and Tehran.
"Such a deal, which would allow regional autonomy within a federal structure controlled by Assad's Alawite sect, is in its infancy, subject to change and would need the buy-in of Assad and the rebels and, eventually, the Gulf states and the United States," the report read.
According to Sezer, the agreements cannot result in dividing Syria into zones of influence since Russia, Turkey and Iran abide by Resolution 2254 by the UN Security Council, according to which the Syrian territorial integrity must be preserved.
Moreover, Russian officials have repeatedly reaffirmed Moscow's commitment to preserving the territorial integrity of Syria.
© REUTERS/ Omar Sanadiki Iranian President Welcomes Russia-Backed Nationwide Ceasefire in Syria
The updated concept of Russia's foreign policy unveiled in early-December read that Russia stands for the peaceful settlement of the Syrian conflict, the country's territorial integrity, independence and unity.
"Neither Turkey nor Russia does not want Syria to be divided. In the long-run Turkey will have to cooperate with Russia on Syria. This is the opinion of the Turkish government and of the Turkish people," Sezer told RIA Novosti.
The expert also noted that despite Ankara's ongoing calls to oust Assad its actual stance on the issue is not that hardline as it was before.
"The Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) is a more serious threat to Turkey than Bashar Assad. Ankara can agree on a transition period under Assad. But in the long-run he must leave. This is what Turkey wants," the expert said, adding that Russia and Iran has a different view of the situation.
The latest agreements on Syria were unveiled by Russian President Vladimir Putin on December 29. The three deals, brokered by Russia, Turkey and Iran, include a ceasefire agreement signed by the Syrian government and the armed opposition. The second document includes measures aimed at monitoring the truce, while the third states that signatories are ready to launch peace negotiations on resolving the years-long war.
Sezer underscored that the current ceasefire cannot be comprehensive since it involves only the so-called moderate opposition. There are various radical forces across Syria who did not join the deal.
"However, the ceasefire is a correct step. It is very important that Ankara and Moscow reaches an agreement on concrete steps on the Syrian settlement," he added.
The analyst underscored that Russia and Turkey managed to work out a compromised approach to armed groups operating across Syria.
"Turkey labelled al-Nusra Front as a terrorist group. Ankara also plays the role of a mediator between Moscow and Syrian moderate opposition groups. One of the main issues is the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). Russia doesn't consider the group terrorist. However, the Turkish military operation in northern Syria is aimed not only against Daesh but also against YPG. But Moscow doesn't meddle in the situation," Sezer pointed out.
According to the analyst, there will be no unsolvable problems between Russia and Turkey on the Syrian settlement because the main goal of the two countries is "peace and Syria's territorial integrity."
© Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev Top-Five Events on the Battleground in Syria That Changed the Prospects of the War in 2016
Vitaly Naumkin, an adviser to UN Special Envoy to Syria Staffan de Mistura, stressed that the ceasefire in Syria was possible thanks to cooperation between Moscow and Ankara, which, however, does not mean that Syrian will be divided into zones of influence.
He also pointed to Turkey's decision to join the fight against Daesh and al-Nusra Front as a crucial step to reach the agreements.
"It's extremely important that Turkey has agreed to join the fight against Daesh and al-Nusra Front. […] If Turkey is able to convince all armed opposition groups to join the ceasefire, while Russia and Iran make similar guarantees… If these joint guarantees work, then this will be a milestone [in resolving the Syrian crisis]. But all of the above doesn't mean that Syria will be torn apart. We will not agree on that," Naumkin told RIA Novosti.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-Texas-Tennessee Box
NO. 11 TENNESSEE 82, NO. 2 TEXAS 75
TEXAS (7-1)
Caron-Goudreau 1-5 0-0 2, White 5-9 1-2 11, Atkins 6-14 8-8 21, Higgs 7-15 0-0 15, McCarty 2-15 4-4 8, Aborowa 2-4 0-0 4, Hosey 1-2 0-0 2, Sutton 3-10 1-2 8, Underwood 1-2 2-3 4, Totals 28-76 16-19 75.
TENNESSEE (10-0)
Davis 2-9 5-6 9, Nared 6-20 11-14 23, Russell 7-13 1-3 15, Jackson 1-3 2-2 4, Westbrook 5-11 3-4 15, Green 3-5 2-3 8, Hayes 3-6 2-5 8, Totals 27-67 26-37 82.
Texas 11 16 17 31 —75 Tennessee 16 13 19 34 —82
3-Point Goals_Texas 3-18 (Caron-Goudreau 0-1, Atkins 1-4, Higgs 1-4, McCarty 0-6, Sutton 1-3), Tennessee 2-13 (Davis 0-3, Nared 0-4, Jackson 0-1, Westbrook 2-5). Assists_Texas 9 (Sutton 3), Tennessee 10 (Hayes 4). Fouled Out_Texas Caron-Goudreau, White, McCarty, Rebounds_Texas 47 (White 7), Tennessee 51 (Nared 13). Total Fouls_Texas 29, Tennessee 16. A_9,651.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
An Oskaloosa man was arrested Friday night with a stolen vehicle from Topeka in Jackson County.
According to Sheriff Tim Morse, a deputy stopped 30-year-old Jordan Lee Thornton allegedly driving a 2012 Toyota Prius for a traffic violation near 126th Road and US Hwy 75 near Hoyt.
The deputy soon discovered the vehicle had been stolen from a Topeka car dealership.
Thornton was arrested for felony possession of stolen property, interference with law enforcement, possession of methamphetamine, drug paraphernalia and driving while suspended.
Thornton remains in custody in the Jackson County Jail.
× Building in Downtown Stroudsburg Burns
Firefighters in Stroudsburg are searching for the cause of a Saturday night fire. The first alarm at 611 Main Street came in just before 11 p.m. That building has 14 kt Outlet, a jewelry store, on the first floor and apartments above.
An assistant fire chief says he's not sure if anyone was inside at the time, but he does know no one was hurt. They are not certain of where in the building the fire started, but much of the damage appears centered on the upper floors and in the back.
Firefighters were successful in keeping the flames from spreading to adjacent buildings.
Scroll for more content...
President Donald Trump has scaled up his demands on NATO allies ahead of a summit next week in Brussels, Belgium. And as he has since he was a candidate, Trump has mostly mischaracterized the spending issue in a way that casts European countries as freeloaders.
But even as his statements obscure the way NATO operates, the underlying matter remains one that his predecessors also confronted. And NATO's leaders have already assigned credit to Trump for across-the-board increases in defense spending, even as the number of members reaching the established goal remains small.
RELATED: Trump demands NATO spend more or face shifts in US military
Here is what you need to know about Trump's combative approach to the NATO alliance:
What is NATO?
Established in 1949, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization's charter says the signing parties will "seek to promote stability and well-being in the North Atlantic area" and will "unite their efforts for collective defense and for the preservation of peace and security." There are currently 29 NATO members. The group's headquarters is in Brussels, where leaders from the member states will gather on July 11 and 12 for a summit.
How is NATO funded?
NATO is underpinned by the principle of collective defense, meaning members are expected to keep their own militaries in fighting shape in case they are called on to defend an ally. In pursuit of that goal, members are expected to spend a certain amount for their own defense budgets. In 2006, NATO set an official target for members to spend on defense: 2% of their gross domestic product. That figure was reaffirmed during a summit in 2014. But the target is described only as a "guideline," and there is no penalty for not meeting it.
Member states also pay into NATO to cover common civilian and military costs, and no nation is behind on those payments. Instead, it is the defense spending issue that has caused the most contention between Trump and other members.
What will Trump say at the summit?
By all accounts, Trump is heading into next week's summit prepared to take leaders to task for not spending enough on defense. It's an issue he's focused on since he was a candidate, even as he's used misleading language to describe it. Trump has described allies as failing to pay their dues and owing back payments to NATO, when in reality the shortfalls come in the nations' own annual defense spending. No country is behind in payments to NATO.
Most recently, Trump bemoaned during a political rally that the US is "spending 90% of NATO," an imprecise claim that obscures how NATO actually operates. Total US defense spending amounts to about 70% of what all NATO members spend on defense, but not all of that US spending applies to NATO.
Why is Trump down on NATO?
Running for office, Trump routinely cast the US as being suckered into protecting and funding the rest of the world, often to the detriment of American workers and industries. His message resonated with white blue-collar workers, who saw their government helping other countries while leaving them behind. People close to Trump say he views NATO as just one example of the US protecting the world while getting little in return. He underscored that view during a political rally last month: "Now it's all wonderful and we like to help out. But it helps them -- they're in Europe! It helps them a lot more than it helps us. We're very far away!"
In reality, NATO's collective defense principle has been invoked only once, after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the United States. NATO helped lead anti-terror missions after the attack and eventually led the mission to rebuild Afghanistan's army after the US-led invasion of the country. The International Security Assistance Force included troops from all NATO members.
What has Trump told leaders?
In letters to NATO members sent last month, Trump has reinforced his demands. He wrote to German Chancellor Angela Merkel that "we need to find a way to overcome domestic hurdles in the interest of our collective security" and described his own political exposure in the matter: "I understand domestic political pressures against greater government expenditures as I also expended considerable political capital to increase America's defense spending."
How is that different from past presidents?
Trump's immediate predecessors, Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush, pressed NATO allies to spend more on their militaries, but their approach was not as combative as Trump's.
"We've got to be willing to pay for the assets, the personnel, the training that's required to make sure that we have a credible NATO force and an effective deterrent force," Obama said at a 2014 news conference in Brussels shortly after Russia annexed Crimea, "So one of the things that I think, medium and long term, we'll have to examine is whether everybody is chipping in."
Unlike his predecessors, Trump raises the defense spending issue in nearly every conversation about NATO. And in his remarks and letters to world leaders, Trump has suggested that US commitment to NATO could be at stake if spending doesn't increase. Writing to Merkel, Trump warned that it would "become increasingly difficult to justify to American citizens why some countries do not share NATO's collective security burden while American soldiers continue to sacrifice their lives overseas or come home gravely wounded."
Is Trump's approach working?
NATO leaders say it is. "It is really having an impact because ... allies are now spending more on defense," Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said in May while he was visiting Trump at the White House. "All allies are increasing their defense budgets."
In March, Stoltenberg said alliance members had increased defense spending for the third straight year. But still, only a fraction of the alliance meets the 2%-of-GDP guideline. NATO said in March that only eight of the 29 member states would meet that threshold this year.
Trump's critics argue his tactics aren't helpful. They worry that in Europe, where the President is deeply unpopular, haranguing leaders to increase defense spending may have the opposite effect.
Winter's late arrival put a damper on some travel plans over the important Thanksgiving weekend.
Up through Nov. 20, only 12 inches of snow had fallen at Alta Ski Area, which maintains daily snowfall records. But once snow started falling, it came often and with a fury.
From Nov. 21-28, Alta received 62½ inches of snow. On 21 occasions during the winter, the resort atop Little Cottonwood Canyon measured 10 inches or more. Another 24 times, early-morning skiers cut tracks through 5 to 8 inches of new snow.
The records also showed some good multiday dumps — 43½ inches from Feb. 21-23, 56½ inches from April 24-28 and, best of all, 71½ inches from Jan. 19-24.
"Mother Nature did come through for us," Rafferty said, noting the 2016-17 season lasted 197 days, ending Sunday with the final day at Snowbird Ski & Summer Resort.
Honors for the most snow went to Brighton Resort, which collected 632 inches during the season, including more than 200 inches in January.
Weather conditions also were favorable at Snowbasin Resort above Ogden. It received 443 inches of snow, up from a season average closer to 300 inches.
"We groomed the [2002 Olympic] men's downhill course from top to bottom several times this year," said resort spokeswoman Megan Collins, "and had our earliest opening of the John Paul chairlift in five years."
Snowbasin also had a successful beginners' program, which involved 1,500 new skiers and 'boarders last winter. "We hope that will make them lifetime skiers," she added.
Emily Summers was bullish about the winter experience at both resorts she represents — Deer Valley and Solitude.
Solitude sold more season passes this year and also came close to matching the state's increase in visitation, she said, citing growth among both local and destination skiers.
Summers said out-of-towners flocked to Deer Valley this winter, particularly families with school-age children, "selling out our ski school for the whole month of March."
Down south at Brian Head Resort outside of Parowan, plentiful snow enticed "an explosion" of visitors from Las Vegas and southern California, said spokesman Mark Wilder.
With all of these resorts getting so much snow, Alta didn't lure as many additional skiers as one might think, said spokeswoman Connie Marshall, although its season results were in line with the state's.
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) - A contractor became trapped underneath a piece of machinery that was being removed from the pressroom of a Pennsylvania newspaper, suffering fatal injuries.
The Lehigh County coroner says the man became trapped at The Morning Call in Allentown on Tuesday afternoon. Crews have been dismantling the printing press after the paper's printing operations moved to Jersey City, New Jersey.
The coroner says the victim is a 32-year-old man from Cape Coral, Florida. His name wasn't immediately released.
The Morning Call reports that newsroom workers heard a loud boom shortly after 5 p.m. The cause of the accident is under investigation.
Publisher and editor Robert York expressed "heartfelt sympathy" to the man's family and says the company is cooperating with authorities. The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration has been notified of the contractor's death.
SMALLVILLE star-turned-accused-sex-slaver Allison Mack is looking to cut a deal with the feds in Brooklyn, according to a new affidavit.
Mack's lawyers and federal prosecutors have agreed to delay proceedings against her until May 3, because “they are engaged in plea negotiations, which they believe are likely to result in a disposition of this case without trial,” according to a document filed Friday.
Camera Icon Tom Welling as Clark Kent and Allison Mack as Chloe Sullivan in Smallville. Picture: Supplied
Mack was the No. 2 in a sex cult run by Keith Raniere under the guise of his upstate self-help group, Nxivm (pronounced “nexium”), according to authorities.
Prosecutors say that Mack, 35, used her star power to lure young women into the group and that she and Raniere then forced the women to go on crash diets and “branded” them like cattle as Mack groomed them for sex with Raniere.
Raniere and Mack have pleaded not guilty to sex-trafficking and forced-labour charges.
Mack was scheduled for a bail hearing Monday, but it was delayed.
Her lawyers did not respond to a request for comment, and federal prosecutors in Brooklyn declined to comment.
It was also revealed Monday that Mack allegedly tried to leverage her celebrity to reel in big fish on Twitter — including Harry Potter star Emma Watson and singer Kelly Clarkson.
“.@EmWatson I participate in a unique human development & women's movement I'd love to tell you about. As a fellow actress I can relate so ...” Mack tweeted at Watson in January 2016.
Camera Icon Emma Watson. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
“@kelly_clarkson I heard through the grapevine that you're a fan of Smallville. I'm a fan of yours as well! I'd love to chat sometime,” she wrote to the pop superstar in 2013.
Meanwhile, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand's Republican challenger, Chele Farley, claimed on Monday that Sen. Gillibrand's stepmother, Gwenn Belcourt, was aggressively courted by the alleged cult.
Sen. Gillibrand's campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but she has claimed that she was unaware of ­Nxivm, even though she grew up in the Albany area, where the group operates, and her father, Doug Rutnik, worked as a lobbyist for Nxivm for four months in 2004.
The Pentagon has denied assisting Daesh in Syria after the Russian Defense Ministry accused Washington of being "the main obstacle" to defeating the terrorist group in the war-torn country. Speaking to Sputnik, Middle East expert Dr. Kevin Barrett said that it's time to recognize that the US War on Terror is a "complete fraud."
A DoD spokesperson told Sputnik Wednesday that "any suggestion" that US and coalition forces were working with Daesh was "baseless and unhelpful" to the operation to defeat the terrorists. The comment came after Russian Ministry of Defense spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said that the recent, coordinated Daesh attacks in Homs province were launched from areas within 50 km of the US military mission in the country, and that the terrorist group had somehow discovered the location of hidden Syrian forces, even though advanced reconnaissance capabilities were necessary to do so.
© Sputnik/ Vitaly Podvitski Cruise Missile Warning
Konashenkov's sentiments were echoed by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, who accused the Pentagon of staging "fatal provocations" against Russian and Syrian troops under the guise of 'accidental strikes', and added that the US was "inspiring" jihadists to attack strategic positions liberated by Syrian forces.
The senior officials' remarks come amid growing consternation in Moscow that the US is carrying out a "duplicitous" policy in Syria, which the Russian military said was demonstrated recently with the help of aerial reconnaissance imagery showing US troops operating freely in areas ostensibly controlled by Daesh.
Speaking to Radio Sputnik, Dr. Kevin Barrett, author, political commentator and Middle East expert, said that was high time for Russia to recognize that US support for Daesh is not a change in strategy, but in line with much broader and long-standing plans for the region.
"The Russian Foreign minister has reiterated what we've heard from Russia, which is a growing sense of outrage that the US has its specialists embedded with these various anti-government forces in Syria, including Daesh (ISIS)," Barrett said. "They're actually helping the terrorists attack Russian personnel. We had a Russian general, Valery Asapov, killed in one of these attacks that appears to have been aided by the US. This is a very, very dangerous escalation," the analyst stressed.
Barrett noted that "it seems that Russia, as it's generally done in these situations, is taking a kind of firm but patient line, by warning the US that this kind of action is going to lead to all kinds of unforeseeable consequences. Naturally, there's the right of states to defend themselves by retaliating in kind."
"But the larger issue here is: should Syria be stabilized and kept as a single country, or busted up? The US, so far, has wanted to break it up."
'War on Terror is a Complete Fraud'
Asked what it was that may have prompted the US to take this stance with regard to Daesh, the Middle East expert said that this wasn't any sort of real change in strategy for Washington.
"The fact is that the so-called War on Terror is a complete fraud, Barrett stressed. "The real role of these extremist Takfiri groups such as Daesh and al-Qaeda is not only to fight on behalf of the US…but also to serve as kind of fake enemy. That's been used to justify US intervention around the world."
© AFP 2017/ US NAVY / MC2 JACOB G. SISCO US-Led Coalition Denies Complicity With Daesh Terrorists in Syria
"As long as we understand what's really going on, which is that the War on Terror is a complete fraud… that these so-called terrorists that the US is pretending to fight against are actually a US creation – a big US ally, and that it's all being done in service to the empire, and to the expansionist faction in Israel, it all makes pretty good sense," the commentator added.
"Then you would expect them to be supporting Daesh in order to break up Syria, according to the Oded Yinon plan and the Ralph Peters 'blood borders' map. These are US and Israeli plans to break up Middle Eastern countries and Balkanize them along ethnic and sectarian lines in order to weaken them, allowing Washington and the Israelis to control the situation and to loot their resources."
Ultimately, Barrett emphasized that if peace is ever to come to the Middle East, the US will have to withdraw from the region, and end its covert and overt support for the destabilization and destruction of governments it doesn't like.
"I really wish that the US administration would back off on this whole attack on the Middle East. Basically, they need to declare victory and leave. The way they could do that would be to resolve to stop supporting these Takfiri extremist groups, to admit that they've lost this effort to destabilize these countries, and that it's time to move to a new era in which [Washington] will no longer destabilize countries and try to overthrow governments, but rather work with partners around the world for stability."
Strategy of Controlled Chaos
Russian military and political observer Vladimir Kozin echoed Barrett's frustration but added that, unfortunately, Washington isn't likely to change its strategy of fueling chaos in the region, since it benefits too much from doing so.
Speaking to Sputnik, the analyst stressed that without serious, financial, intelligence, military and advisory assistance from abroad, the terrorists in Syria would have been defeated a long time ago. According to Kozin, Washington's aim is "to recreate and strengthen a kind of terrorist 'Internationale', not on its own territory, but in countries which are in close proximity to Russia," a policy reminiscent of US policy against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan in the 1980s.
Russian Defense Ministry Russian Submarines Strike Terrorists in Syria With Kalibr Missiles From Mediterranean Sea (VIDEO)
"Moreover," Kozin noted, "Washington would like to eliminate Bashar Assad's legitimate Syrian government since it does not suit them. That is why they're creating this military and terrorist chaos, to try to keep other powers tense, while simultaneously supplying arms and military equipment to their allies, who are ostensibly fighting the terrorists using every last ounce of strength."
"In other words, the US has extensive and far-reaching goals. Americans will not truly fight the terrorist organizations that they created, nurtured, and continue to support," Kozin concluded.
The vast majority of people experiencing homelessness in Kenora district communities identifies as Indigenous, according to information gathered by the Kenora District Services Board (KDSB).
The data comes from the KDSB's first period prevalence count of homelessness in each of the nine municipalities of the Kenora district, which was done through the support of the Ministry of Housing.
“As communities, we cannot look to address homelessness without actually creating room at the table for First Nations,” said Henry Wall, the CAO of the KDSB. “We need to take responsibility and make room at the table so First Nation communities can be part of the solution as well and be involved right from the beginning in terms of program and service design.”
Wall explained that a period prevalence count means spending a specific amount of time in certain area and speaking one-on-one with individuals who are homeless, and added the KDSB wanted to get a sense of what homelessness in the region looks like in order to prevent and reduce it proactively.
“It's one thing to say yes, we have homelessness, but it's entirely another thing to say what is behind the numbers,” he said.
Out of a total of 393 surveys completed across the district, Kenora had the highest number of completed surveys with 223, followed by Dryden with 67 and Sioux Lookout with 66.
The majority of individuals surveyed were between the ages of 25 and 55, and roughly 40 were over age 56 and roughly 70 were under age 25.
Most of the survey respondents identified addiction and mental health issues as their main challenge, and about half said they had a chronic or acute medical condition. Roughly a third said they have a physical disability.
Wall said many people experiencing homelessness experience two or more of these challenges, particularly when it comes to addiction and mental illness.
“More often than not, you have a layering of those experiences, where individuals suffering from mental illness are struggling with an addiction at the same time,” he said. “What do the supports need to look like?”
Wall also said the count shows the importance of making sure these services and supports are actually accessible for people with disabilities, and he added that was one of the reasons Knox United Church is an ideal location for the permanent emergency shelter.
The KDSB said it will use the period prevalence count results for future service planning and plans to share community-specific data in the fall. The results will also be available to local agencies, local government and the general public that will be presented at a community forum and on the KDSB website.
KCharlebois@postmedia.com
LOS ANGELES — UCLA guard Jaylen Hands has withdrawn his name from the NBA draft and will return to school for his sophomore season.
Hands joins guard Kris Wilkes in deciding to forgo the pro ranks to play a second season in college.
Hands averaged 9.9 points, 4.0 rebounds and 2.6 assists for the Bruins last season. The San Diego native started 15 of 31 games in which he appeared.
Coach Steve Alford said Wednesday that Hands will be a vital part of the Bruins' backcourt and he has room to grow and improve.
Dorothy (Gade) Hopp died Nov. 21, 2017. Dorothy celebrated her 101st birthday, joyfully surrounded by adoring fans, and left on her own terms, dying gracefully of old age. She will be missed and always remembered.
Born Dorothy Louise Gade, Nov. 6, 1916, on a farm near Seward, Neb., she grew up hard-working, active, inventive and artistic. She drove tractors, helped harvest, cooked for threshers and sewed a closet full of dresses. At the University of Nebraska in Lincoln her eyes were opened to cultural pursuits, classical music and interior design. She graduated with foods and nutrition and interior design majors.
She met Ralph Hopp at a dance in 1938, and they married on June 8, 1941. After travels for Ralph's studies, they settled in St. Anthony Park. They enjoyed a happy life of Colorado skiing, tennis leagues, canoe trips, golf, dancing, music and entertaining—and raising three kids (Caroline, 1944; Tom, 1948; and Susan 1951). Summers were spent car-camping and at their cabin in Amery, Wis. The family spent 1962–63 in Ankara, Turkey.
Dorothy was active in organizations, including the University of Minnesota Faculty Women's Club, where she was president in 1973-74. Dorothy's lifelong passion for interior design was evident in her lovely homes full of Oriental rugs, paintings and treasures gathered from Turkey and world travels. Asked late in life what her profession was, she replied, “I make things beautiful.” She did indeed.
She is survived by her son, Thomas (Lorraine); her daughter, Susan (Karl Schweikart); and two grandsons. She was preceded in death by her husband, Ralph (2003); her daughter, Caroline (1963); her brother, Donald Gade; and her sister, Josephine Stoner.
Private services will be held. Her ashes will be buried alongside Ralph's at Osage Church in Cook, Neb.
The term ‘Patient Access' is broadly used to define as barriers to healthcare as lack of insurance coverage. High deductable health plans and financial limitations. However, these are traditionally termed as front end operations of revenue cycle. Patient access begins with the first point of contact that begins with initial encounter where the staff confirms patient identity, verify insurance coverage provide estimates of ordered services and more. Healthcare industry is currently focusing on streamlining and improving the performance of patient access as accuracy on the front end has proven to reduce bad debts and denials after the patient is either in process or completed the treatment. Technology is a key factor that allows visibility into insurance benefits and other essential sources of information. Patient access solutions comprise web based platforms that deal with electronic medical verification and claims processing system. This system allows the healthcare providers to manage their patient information, access the information in-house/remotely. This service expands beyond traditional healthcare to home, dental, veterinary and chiropractic industries. HealthCare Industry Research Report reveals that the global patient access solutions market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.7% for the period 2018-2022 and reaching approximately USD 2 Billion by the period end.
As patients engage first with the healthcare system, easy access to all the key information is what he or she looks forwards to. With introduction of healthcare reforms, rising patient bad debt, patient access has become the first line of defense to proactively provide patient access solutions and reach a healthcare bottom line. Health Care Industry Analysis suggests that the Patient Access staff is responsible for 80 cents of every dollar coming into a hospital facility. The features and advantages to these solutions are innumerable. Appointments can be scheduled into a single interface to improve workflows and enable patient workflows. Patient access solutions allow patients to fill open appointment slots by enabling patients to easily search for opportunities and to self schedule. These solutions allow healthcare providers to move payment cycle to the front of the revenue cycle. It allows patient to determine out-of-pocket expenses by comparing cash prices with real time specific member eligibility and other information. The goal is to holistically integrate patient access within the revenue cycle for optimal performance and better servicing the needs of the client. This includes human resources, education as well as integration of scheduling within the billing cycle to create personalized care for patients.
The patient access solution market is dominant in the developed countries with high disposable income and technological access. This industry has its roots in the US. Prominent players in the patient access solutions market are The Advisory Board Company (US), McKesson (US), Epic Systems (US), Cerner (US), Cognizant (US), Experian plc (Ireland), Optum, Inc. (US), Conifer (US), Craneware, Inc. (UK), The 3M Company (US), The SSI Group, LLC (US), ZirMed, Inc. (US), Cirius Group, Inc. (US), and AccuReg Software (US). These services are not yet provided actively in India but with recent technological upsurge, this might set its foot in the country in the near future.
As technology further expands to the other developing nations, this market shall see an overall increasing growth rate, globally. The goal of Patient Access is to educate and support individuals – patients, staff and providers – on their journey to deliver comprehensive, quality health care services. Accessing quality care can yield many benefits, including improved physical, social and mental health status through prevention of disease and disability, detection and treatment of health conditions, higher quality of life, preventable death and longer life expectancy.
To know more, click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/SC-91-64.html
Related Report:
https://www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/indonesia-healthcare-market/143541-91.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
WASHINGTON (AP) — Simeon Booker, a trail-blazing African-American journalist and the first full-time black reporter at The Washington Post, died Sunday at the age of 99.
Booker died at an assisted-living community in Solomons, Maryland, according to a Post obituary, citing his wife Carol. He had recently been hospitalized for pneumonia.
Booker served for decades as the Washington bureau chief for the iconic African-American publications Jet, a weekly, and Ebony, a monthly. He is credited with bringing to national prominence the 1955 death of Emmett Till, the 14-year old African-American boy whose brutal murder in Mississippi became a galvanizing point for the nascent civil rights movement. Booker's article included an open-casket picture of Till's mangled face that shocked the nation.
In a 2013 video tribute upon Booker's induction into the National Association for Black Journalists Hall of Fame, former Jet reporter Roy Betts said that Booker's coverage of the civil rights movement, “catapulted the movement onto the world stage.”
His reporting from the Deep South placed him in near-constant danger. Tributes to him mention that he sometimes dressed as a minister (complete with Bible) or a farmer to escape detection and one frequently-told tale had Booker escaping from an angry mob in the back of a hearse. He rode in one of the buses to cover the 1961 Freedom Rides, when black activists rode from Washington to New Orleans to challenge a ban on segregated interstate transportation facilities.
Booker was born in Baltimore and raised in Youngstown, Ohio. He started his journalistic career working for a string of African-American publications. He joined the Post in 1952, but moved on two years later to found the Washington bureau for Johnson Publishing, the parent company for Jet and Ebony.
He served in that position for more than 50 years, authoring the widely-read Ticker Tape column, chronicling Washington's inner workings for a national black readership before retiring in 2007. He covered 10 different presidents and also traveled abroad to report on the Vietnam War.
Booker authored or co-authored four books, including a 2013 memoir co-written with his wife Carol McCabe Booker and entitled, “Shocking the Conscience: A Reporter's Account of the Civil Rights Movement.”
Booker was inducted into the National Association of Black Journalists' Hall of Fame in 2013 and received a career George Polk Award for lifetime achievements in journalism and the National Press Club's Fourth Estate Award.
He is survived by the wife Carol and three children.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — A search resumed Monday for 17 people reported missing after a ferry fire off the coast of Indonesia's capital that left at least 23 dead, officials said.
The victims died Sunday when the vessel, Zahro Express, carrying more than 260 people from a port near Jakarta to Tidung, a resort island in the Kepulauan Seribu chain, caught fire, officials said. Most of the passengers were Indonesians celebrating the New Year holiday, according to local media reports.
Dito, an official from the Jakarta Search and Rescue Agency, said at least five ships and a number of speedboats and rubber boats were deployed in the search.
Of the 224 passengers who were rescued, 32 were being treated at three hospitals, said Dito, who uses a single name.
Seply Madreta, an official from the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency, said the fire gutted about half the vessel, and that 23 bodies had been recovered.
Twenty bodies that were found inside the vessel were burned beyond recognition and were transferred to a police hospital for identification, said Col. Umar Shahab of the Jakarta police health department.
Witnesses told MetroTV that the fire broke out about 15 minutes after the ferry left the port of Muara Angke.
The cause of the fire was not immediately clear. Some passengers told local media that they first saw smoke coming from the ferry's engine.
The director for sea transportation, Tonny Budiono, said the initial suspicion was that the fire was “most probably caused by a short circuit in the engine room.”
He told a news conference the short circuit might have led to the fuel tank exploding.
TV footage showed people in the water with the ferry in flames in the background. A woman in the water can be heard screaming “Ya Allah! Ya Allah!” or “Oh God! Oh God!”
Another woman told the TV station that she and other passengers were rescued by a small boat.
Despite the high number of people who were rescued, the ferry's manifest showed that only 100 were registered as passengers, along with six crewmen, said Denny Wahyu Haryanto, head of the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency. He said the vessel's captain was under police investigation over the incident.
Ferry accidents are common in Indonesia, the world's largest archipelagic nation, with more than 17,000 islands. Many accidents are blamed on lax regulation of boat services.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Robert A. Hanamirian, 80, of Fort Washington and New York, the son of Armenian immigrants who rose to become an international tax lawyer, died Monday, June 25, of natural causes at his home in New York.
From 2001 until 2018, Mr. Hanamirian was a tax lawyer with the firm of Kranjac Tripodi & Partners, LLP on Wall Street. For the past five years, he had also been of counsel at the Moorestown law firm run by his son, John M. Hanamirian.
From 1995 to 2001, Mr. Hanamirian had operated a solo law firm from his Fort Washington home.
A first-generation Armenian-American, Mr. Hanamirian was born in Philadelphia to Mooshegh and Hratcha Hanamirian, who fled the Ottoman Empire in 1915 in response to the slaughter of Armenian citizens by the Turks. The Armenian Genocide resulted in the deaths of 1.5 million Armenians in what is now the Republic of Turkey.
His parents lived in China before reaching the United States in 1920. Once in Philadelphia, they became the proprietors of the York Market, a general store in Chestnut Hill. They owned and operated a Middle Eastern frozen foods company elsewhere in Philadelphia.
Initially, Mr. Hanamirian spoke only Armenian. He graduated from Cheltenham High School, where he played football. He graduated from Temple University and Temple Law School, and later completed a master of taxation degree at New York University School of Law.
Although first in his law-school class, Mr. Hanamirian encountered ethnic bias when he applied for work at some of the old, “white shoe” Philadelphia law firms, his family said.
He responded by emphasizing the paralegal work he had done in law school and was soon hired as an associate lawyer by the Philadelphia law firm of Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP. He worked for Schnader for 11 years, and for other Philadelphia law firms and in solo practice, before joining Kranjac Tripodi & Partners, LLP in 2001.
“He was known for international tax strategy and planning,” his son said. “He liked the esoteric nature of the different [countries'] laws and treaties, and enjoyed that intellect challenge.”
In 1960, Mr. Hanamirian married Pauline Kash. The couple had two children whom they raised in Fort Washington. The couple divorced in 1980. Pauline Chapjian, as she became after remarrying, survives.
In 1983, he married Sharon M. Hanamirian, who also survives.
Like his father, son John M. Hanamirian became a lawyer. His daughter, Deborah Nareen Hanamirian, struggled with multiple sclerosis. She lived at Inglis House in Philadelphia where the family visited frequently. She died in 2016 at age 54.
“They were very much alike,” said Mr. Hanamirian's son of his father and sister. “She was very strong-minded. They were not people who let things defeat them. They were really kindred spirits.”
Mr. Hanamirian loved animals, especially his German shepherd, Toby.
In addition to his son, wife and former wife, Mr. Hanamirian is survived by two granddaughters and a sister. A brother and sister died earlier.
Mr. Hanamirian chose cremation. A graveside service will be held 10 a.m. Monday, July 23, at Lawnview Cemetery, 500 Huntingdon Pike, Rockledge. The family will receive guests afterward at Holy Trinity Armenian Apostolic Church, 101 Ashmead Rd., Cheltenham.
Memorial donations may be made to the Multiple Sclerosis Association of America via https://mymsaa.org/.
New Rochelle, NY, April 24, 2018--Researchers compared total annual healthcare costs for adults on the autism spectrum to costs for adults with attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and adults in the general population and found them to be 20% and 70% higher, respectively. Adults on the spectrum also had increased use of specific services, such as primary care, mental health, and laboratory services, but lower use of gynecology visits and screening for cervical cancer. The study, "Healthcare Service Utilization and Cost Among Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorders in a U.S. Integrated Healthcare System," was coauthored by Ousseny Zerbo, PhD, and colleagues from Kaiser Permanente Northern California, Oakland and Santa Rosa, and is published in the preview issue of Autism in Adulthood, a new peer-reviewed journal from Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers. The preview issue is available free on Autism in Adulthood website.
"Most of what we know about autism comes from research on children. Zerbo and colleagues' study--the largest to date looking at the healthcare utilization of adults on the autism spectrum--highlights the importance of considering autism throughout the lifespan," says Christina Nicolaidis, MD, MPH, Portland State University and Oregon Health & Science University, Portland, Oregon and Editor-in-Chief of Autism in Adulthood.
Additional articles in the preview issue include two perspectives that envision a way to ad-dress the health disparities experienced by adults on the autism spectrum. "Community Mental Health Services for Autistic Adults: Good News and Bad News" focuses on the cur-rent state of community mental health services in the U.S. for autistic adults who have co-occurring psychiatric conditions, such as depression or anxiety. Coauthors Brenna Mad-dox, PhD, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, and Va-lerie Gaus, PhD, a licensed clinical psychologist in Huntington, NY, highlight recent posi-tive developments, summarize continuing barriers to providing affordable mental health care for this patient population, and provide recommendations for patients and their fami-lies, clinicians, and health system administrators.
In "Workshop Report: Establishing Priority Research Areas to Improve the Physical Health and Well-Being of Autistic Adults and Older People," coauthors Georgina Warner, PhD and James Cusack, PhD, Autistica, London, U.K. and Jeremy Parr, MD, Newcastle Uni-versity, Newcastle upon Tyne, U.K. present the results of a collaborative workshop de-signed to identify priority research areas for improving the physical health and well-being of adults with autism.
"Both of these perspectives articles help us envision a path forward to addressing the health needs of adults on the autism spectrum," says Dr. Nicolaidis. "These discussions capitalize on the experience and wisdom of researchers, clinicians, autistic adults, and families. Autism in Adulthood will serve as a home for such dialogue - and for the research and scholarship that is necessary to allow all autistic adults to lead healthy, fulfilling lives."
###
Research reported in this publication was supported by the National Institutes of Health un-der Award Number F32 MH111166. The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.
About the Journal
Autism in Adulthood is a new peer-reviewed journal dedicated to research and scholarship on the most pressing issues affecting adults on the autism spectrum, from emerging adulthood to later life. Led by Editor-in-Chief Christina Nicolaidis, MD, MPH, Portland State University and Oregon Health & Science University, and launching in early 2019, the Journal will be the premier source for authoritative original research, in-depth analysis, and inter-professional dialogue, providing new insights and evidence to promote practice, systems, and policy change. For complete information, please visit the Autism in Adulthood website.
About the Publisher
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers is a privately held, fully integrated media company known for establishing authoritative peer-reviewed journals in many promising areas of science and biomedical research, including Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology and Brain Connectivity. Its flagship publication, GEN (Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News), was the first in its field and is today the industry's most widely read publication worldwide. A complete list of the firm's 80 journals, books, and newsmagazines is available on the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers website.
MICHIGAN — It was a deadly weekend this Memorial Day holiday, according to Michigan State Police, whose reports indicate that a total of 15 people in Michigan lost their lives in 11 separate traffic crashes from Friday, May 25 through Monday, May 28.
That's an increase compared to last year's 2017 Memorial Day holiday weekend, where 10 people lost their lives in 10 crashes over the course of the weekend.
In the 15 deadly crashes, preliminary investigations by police have concluded that:
Restraints were not used in one and unknown in four.
Alcohol use was a known factor in two of the deadly crashes.
Five involved motorcycles; a helmet was worn in two and it is unknown if a helmet was used in three.
One victim was a pedestrian.
Click here to continue.
Boise, (ID) - The Roman Catholic Diocese of Boise has learned of the arrest of Rev. W. Thomas Faucher, retired priest and former pastor of St. Mary's Church, Boise.
Because of Father Faucher's retirement three years ago, he has not held any pastoral assignments since that time. Because of the seriousness of the allegations, Faucher will be unable to minister in the Diocese of Boise in any way.
The Diocese will cooperate fully with law enforcement officials in their investigation.
Rev. W. Thomas Faucher was arrested on Friday on several counts of sexual exploitation of a child. He is being held at the Ada County Jail.
New year, new man!
Wendi Deng, the ex-wife of billionaire media mogul Rupert Murdoch, rang in 2017 with 21-year-old Hungarian model Bertold Zahoran, who made their relationship Instagram official on Sunday with a photo in which the duo are smiling and holding hands.
Zahoran captioned the snap with wishes for a happy new year in several different languages.
The 48-year-old businesswoman and her new beau spent the holiday weekend in St. Barts with her daughters — Grace, 15, and Chloe, 13 — from her relationship with Murdoch. The couple spent time strolling on the beach hand in hand.
新年快樂 🎉@wendimurdoch ❤ Happy New Year!🎉 Boldog új évet!🎉 A photo posted by Bertold Zahoran (@bertoldzahoran) on Dec 31, 2016 at 7:46pm PST
Although Deng did not share a photo with Zahoran, she posted photos with each of her children during the getaway. The Murdoch daughters posted a picture jumping into the crystal-blue water with supermodel Karlie Kloss during the trip.
Deng has reportedly been dating the model since May, marking her longest relationship since splitting from Murdoch, 85, in 2013 after 14 years of marriage.
Murdoch cited irreconcilable differences as the reason for the split, although speculation over Deng's relationship with former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, the godfather of daughter Grace, was widespread – though she had denied anything untoward took place.
😃👙💝@chloe.murdoch A photo posted by Wendi Murdoch (@wendimurdoch) on Jan 1, 2017 at 8:34am PST
“Both Tony and [his wife] Cherie Blair are good friends,” Deng previously told Vogue. “That continues to be the case. I could worry about what people say all day long, but it's not a very productive way of using my energy. If you ask my friends, they'll tell you that I don't complain very much.”
In the same article, Deng shot down rumors of an affair with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“I've never met Putin,” she told the magazine. “But wow, so much press about it. Why did they choose me?”
Zahoran has launched a successful modeling career, working for brands such as Polo Ralph Lauren and Calvin Klein, according to his Instagram account.
This year, Murdoch married for the fourth time to model and actress Jerry Hall, 59 – the former longtime partner of Rolling Stones rocker Mick Jagger.
By The Associated Press
MOUNT OLIVE, N.J. (AP) — Multiple people including at least three police officers have been hospitalized with carbon monoxide poisoning in New Jersey.
Police were called to a home in Mount Olive Monday night after several residents were found unconscious.
The residents and at least three police officers were taken to area hospitals. Their conditions were not immediately available.
The cause of the elevated levels of carbon monoxide remains under investigation.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Smith County Sheriff's Department is investigating a shooting that happened Friday at Eagle Creek Mobile Home Park.
An individual in one vehicle shot towards another vehicle. No one was hurt, but there were glass and bullet shells on the ground.
A representative with the sheriff's department stated that both vehicles left the scene, therefore, no one was arrested.
There were witnesses at the scene, and the Smith County Sheriff's Department is still investigating.
More details will be released when available.
Previous Story: Smith County deputies investigating report of shooting at residence
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
Market Highlights:
The growing demand for thermal management solutions directly depends on the increasing demand for consumer electronics. The solutions are widely used in laptops, various gaming devices, tablets and smartphones among others. It also protects the processors and transistors from overheating.
Thermal Management Market system is a combination of hardware & software elements which helps to carry out all data management task which are required to perform while loading terminal. The components are developed and tested to manage and control a system. According to CGI, terminal management system can be explained as an innovative solution which chains the main business functions involved in bulk terminal management.
Also, the system manages critical issues faced in bulk terminals such as complexity in handling multiple products and regulatory requirements while improving safety and productivity. The benefits of implementing these solutions reduces the risk of loading incorrect quality of product, the solutions are also used to configurable and improves terminal efficiency among others.
The Thermal Management Market is expected to reach approximately USD 15 billion by the end of 2023 with 7% CAGR during forecast period 2017-2023.
Major Key Players:
API Heat Transfer (U.S.)
AI Technology, Inc.(U.S.)
Aavid Thermalloy, LLC (U.S.)
Delta Electronics, Inc. (Taiwan)
Honeywell International Inc (U.S.)
Henkel AG & Co.
KGaA (Germany)
Jaro Thermal (U.S.)
LAIRD PLC (U.K.
LORD Corporation (U.S.)
HEATEX AB (U.S.)
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3201
Study Objectives of Thermal Management Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the global thermal management market.
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To analyze the global thermal management market based porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by component, device, end-user and region.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the global Thermal Management
Regional Analysis:
Regionally, North-America accounted for the largest market share from countries such U.S. among others. The reason is attributed to the increasing investments for these technological solutions, adoption of these thermal management solutions by various domains and low operational cost.
However, Asia-Pacific region is expected to grow over the forecast period, 2017-2023. The reason is attributed as the presence of large number of electronic manufacturers, increasing government initiatives and the increasing adoption of thermal solutions by various sectors.
Thermal Management Market:
According to Market Research Future, market has been segmented into components, devices, end-users and region. On the basis of end-user, the market has been segmented into automotive, aerospace & defense, food & beverages, healthcare and consumer electronics among others.
Out of these end-users, consumer electronics accounted for the largest market share majorly due to increasing demand by consumers and changing lifestyles. Also, the automotive sector is expected to grow over the forecast period. The reason is attributed as the increasing complexity in in the passenger as well as the commercial heavy-duty vehicles, increasing development of products and power efficiency.
Segments:
For the purpose of this study, Market Research Future has segmented the market of thermal management into component, device, end-users and region.
Component
Hardware
Software
Device
Conduction
Convection
Hybrid
Advanced
Others
Region
North-America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/thermal-management-market-3201
Intended Audience:
Device manufacturers
Network Operators
Distributors
Suppliers
Research firms
Software Developers
Commercial Banks
Vendors
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Old City fire aftermath is bad for business
Old City fire aftermath is bad for business Mar 15
If late-night food matters to Amazon, Philly is No. 7 on list
If late-night food matters to Amazon, Philly is No. 7 on list Mar 19
Michael Klein has written about Philadelphia's restaurant scene since 1993 in his Inquirer column, “Table Talk,” and on his Philly.com blog, “The Insider.”
Burger Brawl — which gathers several thousand people and dozens of restaurants in the parking lot outside Xfinity Live in South Philadelphia — returns for its eighth edition from 3 to 6 p.m. Sunday, June 3.
This year, burgers, tacos, and cocktails from 50-plus contenders will be sampled and judged for the event, whose proceeds benefit the School District of Philadelphia. Former Eagles fullback Jon Ritchie will be master of ceremonies.
Burger Brawl began in 2011 as a fundraiser to provide a computer lab for Meredith Elementary School in South Philadelphia by parents Rob and Maggie Wasserman. It soon outgrew its first venue — the parking lot of Fleisher Art Memorial — and in 2014 moved to Xfinity Live.
The brawl has raised more than $200,000 and funded literacy projects, including computer laboratories.
The early list of contenders includes Bobby's Burger Palace, Davio's Northern Italian Steakhouse, Five Saints Distillery, Misconduct Tavern, Moonshine, Revolution Taco, Steam Pub, Taproom on 19, Union Tap, Village Whiskey, and Vintage Wine Bar.
General admission tickets are $45 and include one vote for the best burger and one beverage. VIP tickets are $100 and provide early access, plus access to a VIP lounge. GA tickets at the door are $55. Children 10 and younger are free, as is parking.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
FORT LEE, N.J. (AP) — The Fort Lee Film Commission in New Jersey celebrated Black History Month by honoring a pioneering African-American filmmaker with ties to the area.
The Record reports (http://bit.ly/2l7a4Yd) that film and history enthusiasts gathered at the Fort Lee Museum to highlight the works of director Oscar Micheaux on Tuesday night. The film commission has honored the director annually since the group's inception in 2002.
The group discussed Micheaux's opposition of hate groups and his positive portrayals of African-Americans throughout the event.
Micheaux produced and directed five films in Fort Lee between 1920 and 1948. He is also credited with making the first African-American-produced sound film with an entirely black cast.
Fort Lee Film Commission Executive Director Tom Meyers says the group would like to expand the event to discuss more black filmmakers with an entire exhibit.
—
Information from: The Record (Woodland Park, N.J.), http://www.northjersey.com
Comments
comments
MANASSAS, Va. (AP) - The National Park Service has reached agreement with a nonprofit veterans' organization allowing it take cremated remains left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial and bury them will full military honors.
A park service statement says the Missing in America Project will take possession of dozens of sets of cremains left at the memorial through the years and any future cremains left. They will be inurned in an in-ground vault at a cemetery in Manassas, Virginia, a capital suburb.
The Washington Post reported Wednesday the remains had been kept in a locked cabinet at the park service's large Museum Resource Center in Maryland. No date for the transfer or burial has been set.
Last year, the park service placed signs at the memorial asking people not to leave human remains.
BALTIMORE (AP) — As the number of deaths from opioid overdoses continues to climb, some prosecutors in Maryland are bringing charges of manslaughter and even murder against drug dealers who are supplying users with fatal doses.
The Baltimore Sun reports that prosecutors in seven Maryland counties have brought serious charges in overdose cases. The newspaper found that at least 21 people have been charged with manslaughter in overdose cases since 2014.
Maryland health officials say more than 2,000 residents died from overdoses last year, a 66 percent jump from the previous year and the largest-ever increase in a single year. Most involved opioids.
Michael Beach, a district public defender, said he is troubled by the prosecutions. He said they are “a reprise of the failed war on drugs of the 1980s and '90s.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
NFL
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Two sources familiar with the injury told The Associated Press that doctors believe Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz tore his left anterior cruciate ligament in a win over the Rams and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, will have an MRI on Monday to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information. Wentz left the stadium on a cart with a brace on his left leg.
Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter of Philadelphia's 43-35 comeback win at Los Angeles. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a win that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
HOUSTON (AP) — Houston quarterback Tom Savage was cleared to re-enter Sunday's game against the San Francisco 49ers for one series after sustaining a concussion, raising questions about the NFL's procedure for evaluating such injuries during games.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss when he was driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil. Replays showed Savage looking dazed after his head hit the ground with both of his arms shaking and lifted upward. He was taken to the medical tent where he stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series. He threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline after that possession.
COLLEGE FOOTBALL
NEW YORK (AP) — Baker Mayfield took a unique road to the Heisman Trophy, a long and winding climb from walk-on to one of the most accomplished players to ever play college football.
The brash, flag-planting Oklahoma quarterback became the sixth Sooner to the win Heisman on Saturday night in one of the most lopsided votes in the 83-year history of the award.
Stanford running back Bryce Love was the runner-up, making it five second-place finishes for the Cardinal since 2009. Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner, was third, the best finish by a returning winner since Tim Tebow of Florida in 2008.
Mayfield received 732 first-place votes and 2,398 points. Love had 75 first-place votes and 1,300 points and Jackson received 47 and 793. Mayfield received 86 percent of the total points available, the third-highest percentage in Heisman history behind Ohio State's Troy Smith (91.63 percent) in 2006 and Oregon's Marcus Mariota (90.92) in 2014.
BASEBALL
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — Fittingly, Jack Morris reached the Hall of Fame in extra innings.
Morris was elected to the Hall by its Modern Era committee on Sunday along with former Detroit Tigers teammate Alan Trammell, completing a joint journey from Motown to Cooperstown.
The big-game pitcher and star shortstop were picked by 16 voters who considered 10 candidates whose biggest contributions came from 1970-87. Morris got 14 votes and Trammell drew 13, one more than the minimum needed.
They will be enshrined on July 29, and fitting they'll go in together. They both began their big league careers in 1977 with Detroit and played 13 seasons alongside each other with the Tigers.
MIAMI (AP) — After helping the New York Yankees to five World Series titles, Derek Jeter might help them win another.
The Yankees and Jeter's Miami Marlins have agreed to a trade that would send NL MVP Giancarlo Stanton to New York, pending a physical, a person familiar with the negotiations said Saturday. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the teams hadn't announced the agreement.
Second baseman Starlin Castro would go to Miami as part of the trade, a second person familiar with the negotiations said. A third person said the Marlins would also receive prospects Jorge Guzman, a right-hander, and Jose Devers, an infielder who is a cousin of Boston prospect Rafael Devers.
The third person said the deal calls for the Marlins to send $30 million to the Yankees if Stanton doesn't exercise his right to opt out of his contract and become a free agent after the 2020 season.
Stanton has a no-trade clause in his record $325 million, 13-year contract and has indicated he will approve the trade, one of the people said. St. Louis and San Francisco previously said Stanton had vetoed deals to them.
SOCCER
CHESTER, Pa. (AP) — Sam Werner ripped off his shirt, raced the length of the field and was smothered by a swarm of Stanford teammates.
Even for a budding dynasty, that championship feeling isn't getting old.
Werner scored in the second overtime to lead Stanford to its third straight NCAA men's soccer title with a 1-0 win over Indiana on Sunday.
The goal was blasted over goalkeeper Trey Muse's head from close range and sneaked just under the crossbar after an Indiana turnover in the box, setting off a wild celebration.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The overseas countries call many Indian origin locales to come for shaping their future and carrier. Australia attracts many people with the plenty of job options and quality educational hubs. Some Known and unknown reasons enforce Indian customers to spend their quality time. After doing the long job journey in their daily life chores, all people are seeking the conventional option to be full energetic and active. It is evident that maximum hotel, motels, and restaurants are serving Australian food. Their food paradise has been dressed with local food so that hospitality owner can grow revenue generation beyond their expectation.
But, it does not mean that hotel owner has to serve the unflavored food to their customer and not to compel to an outsider to take this food unnecessarily and pay the high fee. Do not think about this topic again and again that how to enjoy the curious bite of Indian food. It does not matter that this cuisine belongs to which Indian subcontinent. Being the Devotee of God, most Indians like to be veggie without compromising taste. You should not be the worry for this purpose as one restaurant is available to serve the same meal on the plate of Indian as they ever expect.
This food point has settled their business in Blacktown and pronounced as the authentic dealer of Vegetarian food Blacktown. Any vegetarian cannot find helpless to find the lip-smacking food. Before arriving in this restaurant, one should have to glance over the menu and time stick on walls.
Their Vegetarian restaurant in Blacktown is a hit point for those people who are not comfortable to smell the tiny ingredient of fierce of onion and garlic in their food. Living in the city of Australia, you do not need to be accustomed to Australian food and recipe. We are serving the citizen of Indian for a long time. Our Jain food Blacktown brings the lists of the beverages and meal to saturate your appetite. To know more information, you have to browse our web portal.
Visit @ http://www.radhechatpatahouse.com.au/snacks_sandwich.php
(Repeats to add subscribers)
BEIJING, March 28 China said on Tuesday it would expand the scope for insurance companies to provide more low-cost and long-term funds for the manufacturing sector as part of a broader effort to ramp up financial support for struggling manufacturers to upgrade.
China will support insurers investing in manufacturing firms' preferred stocks, bonds for mergers, and private equity funds that help to upgrade manufacturing, the central bank said on its website.
Insurers would also be encouraged to set up insurance asset management entities for the sector, the document said.
A 12-page document setting out the proposed changes was jointly issued by five top government entities - the People's Bank of China (PBOC), Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the country's banking, insurance and security regulators - to address China's urgent need to move its largely low-end manufacturing industry up the value chain.
The document said China would also support securitization of credit assets in the sector and would encourage firms to quicken their pace at which they list on stock markets at home and overseas, as well issuing bonds to raise funds.
Banks and financial institutions were also told to "appropriately" conduct pilot programs to securitize bad loans in a sector "burdened with overcapacity to actively reduce credit risks".
China will also step up monetary credit policy support for firms in the sector to modernize and expand overseas.
China first laid out its Manufacturing 2025 initiative in May of 2015. Its objectives included internally developing nationwide competencies in 10 critical sectors, new energy vehicles, rail transport equipment, automated machine tools and robotics, and power equipment.
But foreign business groups have grown increasingly concerned that China's plan to boost domestic manufacturing by 2025 could be used to discriminate against foreign firms in favor of Chinese competitors. (Reporting by Nicholas Heath, Shu Zhang and Yawen Chen; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was while walking her dog two years ago that Tanya Laird decided to do something about the litter.
Living in Gloucester for all her life she has always had her favourite parts of the city – but they had always been blighted by a disgusting amount of rubbish.
Taking her dog Ikey along a path near Plock Court she noticed the long grass had been cut but that cans had gotten into the mowers and been shredded.
“All those cans and all those packed. They'd mowed all it to shreds. The bits of aluminium cans were left in the grass. I thought to myself ‘we really can't go on living like this'.”
After signing up with Gloucester City Council's Here To Help scheme she is now regularly seen wearing a hi-vis jacket and carrying a litter picker and plastic bag to collect rubbish left by others.
Known as the Lonely Litter Picker, she is joined by her dog Ikey on her regular patrols the 56-year-old tries to collect trash every day.
But she's hoping others will join her and clean up the city's streets during events over the coming months.
Recently she was joined by several others as they cleared Westgate Park filling 13 bin liners bull of rubbish.
In the coming months they will be taking part in a little pick and Gloucester Vineyard. to find out more visit the Keep Britain Tidy webpage.
She gave another reason why she is dedicated to tidying up the city's streets.
“A lot of people say to me that they feel the council should do it because we pay our council tax,” she said. “I believe we pay our council tax for the refuse collectors to keep the streets clean not for picking litter up.”
But she has noticed litter is blighting less the well-trodden pavements and more the busy roads in and around the city.
“You just stop at traffic lights, you look right and left, anywhere you go you will just see litter,” she said.
While many other people may think twice about telling others to put their rubbish in the bin, this grandmother from Longford will not be cowed.
She employs a hard stare and a sense of humour to encourage people to pick up their own litter rather than harming the environment.
On one occasion she'd spotted a young man in a car throw half a loaf of bread out of his window while he was parked up with friends at a Gloucester beauty spot.
“I went over to take a closer look. I said to them, ‘you don't like your sandwiches then? There's a bin just over there' and these young lads looked at each other. They must've though who on earth is this woman,” she said.
“In fairness I came back later and both the car and the rubbish were gone.”
She added: “It's not that difficult to put your rubbish in the bin. It's disrespectful. It's slovenly, it's laziness.
“There seems to be a complete lack of civic people but what I know among my friends is what a lovely city Gloucester can be.”
Joseph Badame of Medford, N.J., helps during a food truck fundraiser for the people of Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria at Anthony Barber and Victoria Martinez-Barber's home, Friday, Sept. 29, 2017, in Medford, N.J. Badame donated 80 barrels of food weighing 360 pounds each to hurricane victims. Elizabeth Robertson AP
Memorial Hermann Health System has named Malisha Patel, FACHE, as the new senior vice president and chief executive officer of Memorial Hermann Southwest and Memorial Hermann Sugar Land Hospitals, effective Aug. 1.
“As vice president of operations, Malisha has contributed significantly to the success and growth of Memorial Hermann Sugar Land and Memorial Hermann Southwest. She has proven to be engaged with staff and physicians, and possesses a deep understanding of the needs of each campus,” said Chuck Stokes, president and CEO of Memorial Hermann Health System. “Malisha's passion for the communities we serve makes her a strong advocate for the needs of patients across the region.”
In her current role, Patel has operational and business development oversight for both clinical and non-clinical departments, ranging from perioperative services to engineering. She has successfully led strategic planning and key operational improvements, and has advanced the campus on its Level II trauma verification journey.
“I am honored and humbled by this appointment, and so grateful for the opportunity to serve and lead exceptional teams of dedicated, inspiring healthcare professionals who choose to work every day caring for our patients in the Southwest Harris and Fort Bend communities,” Patel said.
Patel joined Memorial Hermann in 2007 and has previously served as vice president of operations for both Memorial Hermann Sugar Land and Memorial Hermann Southwest. She is replacing current CEO Greg Haralson, who has been appointed to become the new CEO at Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center.
“It has been an honor to lead our efforts to provide safe, high-quality care for our patients in the Southwest Houston and Fort Bend communities, and I am thankful to the talented employees and affiliated physicians at the Memorial Hermann Southwest and Memorial Hermann Sugar Land campuses for allowing me the opportunity to work alongside them,” said Haralson. “As I transition to a new role within our system, I have every confidence that Malisha will continue to act as a champion of excellence of our clinical and non-clinical departments. With her experience managing operations at both campuses, I have no doubt her guidance will ensure that we continue to deliver on our pledge to advance the health of the populations we serve.”
Patel has been a driving force behind the successes at each campus, including overseeing a $93 million expansion project at the Sugar Land campus that added 60 beds, an additional medical plaza and expanded services. In addition, she was the executive champion for Memorial Hermann Sugar Land's adoption and integration of a framework for operational excellence, which resulted in the hospital earning recognition as a 2016 Malcolm Baldrige Award recipient, the highest award for performance excellence given in the country.
The hospital was the first in the Houston area to earn this award.
In addition, the Sugar Land campus became the first Houston-area hospital to be awarded the Texas Award for Performance Excellence (TAPE) from the Quality Texas Foundation. The TAPE award recognizes an organization as one of the best in Texas based on the Baldrige Excellence Framework.
Prior to joining Memorial Hermann, Patel held positions with the Veterans Administration Hospital in Dallas as well as with Tenet Healthcare. She has been recognized by the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce of Greater Houston as its 2016 “Young Professional of the Year,” The National Women's Council of the National Diversity Council as one of the Top 15 Business Women in Houston, and she earned an honorable mention for the Houston Business Journal's 40 Under 40 Class of 2017. She currently serves as the chair of the Fort Bend Chamber of Commerce.
Patel earned her bachelor of arts in biological sciences from the University of Texas at Austin and her master of healthcare administration from Trinity University.
Share. "I think it's better to say that this is a remake ..." "I think it's better to say that this is a remake ..."
Metroid: Samus Returns might be a re-imagining of Metroid II on Game Boy, but it's definitely not linked to the rumored Metroid Dread on Nintendo DS.
Yoshio Sakamoto, who's the co-creator of Metroid and a longtime series producer, shot down the connection in an interview with IGN. "I think it's better to say that this is a remake, remastering of Metroid II, a powered-up version of that, and not something to do with the other project," he said.
For those unfamiliar, Metroid Dread was on an official internal Nintendo software list back in 2005 that IGN saw. On top of that, Metroid Prime 3 hinted at Metroid Dread, saying it was "nearing the final stages of completion."
Metroid: Samus Returns was announced during Nintendo Treehouse Live at E3. The 3DS game is getting a special edition with a Samus CD as well as two amiibo figures.
For more on the game, check out IGN's hands-on preview for Metroid: Samus Returns.
Evan Campbell is a freelance writer who scripts the Daily Fix, streams games on his Twitch channel, and chats about movies and TV series on Twitter.
The wound is caused by the disruption of normal skin structure and function. Choice of wound treatment usually depends on the underlying cause of a wound and effective management of symptoms associated with a wound, such as infection, pain, exudate, and sepsis. Wounds are mainly caused by trauma, burns, acute surgical puncture of the skin, pressure injuries etc. Tube and dressing securement products are designed to stabilize or secure the catheter, tubes drain or wound dressing. Tube and dressing securement products have a specific design which allows repeat adjustment and repositioning and also provide improved comfort to the patient. Tube and dressing securement products are made up of skin-friendly materials such as hydrocolloids, which provide patient additional comfort. Due to greater freedom of movement, this tube and dressing securement products can be worn for long period of time. Tube and dressing securement products are disposable products and are always disposed of once the dressing is uncluttered. Tube and dressing securement products also provide accidental displacement of the catheter or tube.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6941
Tube and Dressing Securement Products Market: Drivers and Restraints
The global tube and dressing securement products market is primarily driven by growing incidence of trauma injuries, increasing number of surgical procedures and post-operative wound complications etc. Moreover, increasing reinfection rates due to patient non-compliance, bioterrorism, rising aging population are the factors expected to fuel the global tube and dressing securement products market. Increasing number of cases of lifestyle disorders and expanding geriatric population would add to the growth of the global tube and dressing securement products market. However, availability of alternatives to tube and dressing securement products can be the restraint for the growth of global tube and dressing securement products market. Another major factor limiting tube and dressing securement products market can be lack of highly skilled surgeons, who can address this complexity.
Tube and Dressing Securement Products Market: Overview
The global tube and dressing securement products market is expected to show significant growth over the forecast period, due to rising incidences of chronic wounds. Players who provide novel product on wound care may enter the tube and dressing securement products market and can establish themselves even when the big players are already present. On the basis of end user, the global tube and dressing securement products market have been segmented into hospitals, clinics, ambulatory surgical centers and home care settings. Hospital end user segment is anticipated to contribute the maximum share in the global tube and dressing securement products market, due to increasing number of inpatient surgical procedures and need of post-surgical wound care.
Tube and Dressing Securement Products Market: Regional Overview
On the basis of regional presence, global tube and dressing securement products market is classified into seven key regions – North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding Japan, Japan, and the Middle East & Africa. North America is the most lucrative market for tube and dressing securement products due to high prevalence of diabetes-related wounds in Canada and the U.S. After North America, Tube, and Dressing Securement Products market is then followed by Western Europe and Japan due to the advanced medical facilities and developed infrastructure, along with the awareness of the advantages of wound care over conventional methods. In APEJ region, India and Australia are the major markets for tube and dressing securement products. The MEA and Latin America are expected to show relatively low adoption of tube and dressing securement products.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6941
Tube and Dressing Securement Products Market: Key Players
Examples of some of the market participants in the global tube and dressing securement products market identified across the value chain include Integra LifeSciences Corp., DUKAL Corporation, BSN Medical, Inc., Mölnlycke Health Care, Eloquest Healthcare, Inc., Medline Industries, Inc., Medi-Tech International Corp., Anacapa Technologies, Inc. etc. among others.
The Sports Apparel Market Report covers in detail information of Global Strategies, market figures, Regional analysis and others. The report is easier to make a decision and can cover the required assessment and helps to drive the stronger business.
Get Free Access to Sample Report @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/Sample_Request/GENRE119
GLOBAL SPORTS APPAREL MARKET was valued at USD 144.74 Billion in the year 2017. Global Sports Apparel Market is further estimated to grow at a CAGR of 5.13% from 2018 to reach USD 195.4 Billion by the year 2023. North America region holds the highest market share in 2017 and Asia-Pacific market is considered as the fastest growing market in the forecasted period. At the country level, developed markets like China as well the emerging markets like India with the highest population base holds the notable market share in 2017 and it is projected to grow strongly in the coming years.
Nike Inc. (U.S), Adidas Group (Germany), PUMA SE (Germany), Fila Inc. (South Korea), Umbro International (U.K), BasicNet S.p.A. (Kappa) (Italy), Ralph Lauren Corporation (U.S), Converse (U.S) are some of the key players in the Sports Apparel market. Rising research and development expenses to cater changing demand of end users, similarly, growth strategies such as acquisition, merger, and expansion of the distribution network were few techniques adopted by most Tier 1 and Tier 2 manufacturers in recent years.
Drivers:
Increasing consciousness about the fitness
Restraints:
Availability of low quality
Opportunities:
Increasing involvement of women's in games and fitness
Challenges:
Increasing number of fake products
The Global Sports Apparel Market is segmented by user, by platform, by region in projected years. Amongst various platform segment, online stores are expected to hold the highest market share and is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the year 2018-2023.
Key Benefits for Stakeholders
Sports Apparel Manufacturers, Distributors and Retailers
Research and Consulting organization
Technology Standards Organizations, Forums, Alliances and Associations
End-use industries
Regulatory bodies, policy actors, and consumers.
By User
Kids
Men
Women
By Platform
Online Stores
Retail Stores
Factory/Brand Outlets
Supermarket
Showrooms
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Key Market Players
1 Nike Inc. (U.S)
2 Adidas Group (Germany)
3 PUMA SE (Germany)
4 Fila Inc. (South Korea)
5 Umbro International (U.K)
6 BasicNet S.p.A. (Kappa) (Italy)
7 Ralph Lauren Corporation (U.S)
8 Converse (U.S)
Table Of Content
1. Introduction
1.1 Market Vision
1.1.1 Market Definition
1.1.2 Market Scope
1.2 Limitations
1.3 Stakeholders
2. Research Methodology
2.1. Research Process
2.1.1. Secondary Research
2.1.1.1. Key Data from Secondary Research
2.1.2. Primary Research
2.1.2.1. Key Data from Primary Research
2.1.2.2. Breakdowns of Primary Interviews
2.2. Market Size Estimation
2.2.1. Bottoms-Up Approach
2.2.2. Top-Down Approach
2.2.3. Annual Revenue Process
2.3. Data Triangulation
2.4. Research Assumptions
2.4.1. Assumption
3. Executive Summary
4. Market Overview
4.1. Introduction
4.2. Drivers
4.3. Restraints
4.4. Opportunities
4.5. Challenges
4.6. Regulations
4.7. Supply Chain/Value Chain Analysis
4.8. Patent & Standards
5. Industry Trends
5.1. Introduction
5.2. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
5.2.1. Threat of New Entrants
5.2.2. Threat of Substitutes
5.2.3. Bargaining Power of Buyers
5.2.4. Bargaining Power of Suppliers
5.2.5. Intensity of Competitive Rivalry
6. Sports Apparel Market, By User
6.1. Kids
6.2. Men
6.3. Women
7. Sports Apparel Market, By Platform
7.1. Online Stores
7.2. Retail Stores
7.2.1. Factory/Brand Outlets
7.2.2. Supermarket
7.2.3. Showrooms
8. Geographical Analysis
8.1. Introduction
8.2. North America
8.2.1. U.S.
8.2.2. Canada
8.2.3. Mexico
8.3. Europe
8.3.1. Germany
8.3.2. France
8.3.3. U.K.
8.3.4. RoE
8.4. Asia Pacific
8.4.1. China
8.4.2. Japan
8.4.3. India
8.4.4. RoAPAC
8.5. RoW
8.5.1. Latin America
8.5.1.1. Brazil
8.5.1.2. Argentina
8.5.1.3. Rest of Latin America
8.5.2. Middle East and Africa
9. Company Profiles
(Business Overview, Financial Overview, Product write Up, Recent Developments)
9.1. Nike Inc. (U.S)
9.2. Adidas Group (Germany)
9.3. PUMA SE (Germany)
9.4. Fila Inc. (South Korea)
9.5. Umbro International (U.K)
9.6. BasicNet S.p.A. (Kappa) (Italy)
9.7. Ralph Lauren Corporation (U.S)
9.8. Converse (U.S)
(A brief overview of another 13 companies is also provided)
10. Competitive Analysis
10.1. Introduction
10.2. Market Positioning of Key Players
10.3 Competitive Strategies Adopted by Leading Players
10.3.1. Investments & Expansions
10.3.2. New Product Launches
10.3.3. Mergers & Acquisitions
10.3.4. Agreements, Joint Ventures, and Partnerships
11. Appendix
11.1. Questionnaire
11.2. Available Customizations
11.3. Upcoming Events (Trade Fair, Exhibitions, Conferences)
Read Report Overview with Full TOC @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/viewreport/120/25/Sports-Apparel-Market
The large central African republic of Mali has been beset with bitter internal violence since Taureg uprising in the north in 2012.
This was followed by a military coup in 2013, and although an election was held later, infighting among a number of Islamists and other groups means the country is beset by unpredictable violence.
Canada has already poured over $1 billion in both military and foreign aid into the country but seemingly with little gain in stability.
The federal Liberal government had promised to increase Canada's contribution to U.N peacekeeping, which has since sunk to its lowest level since the 1950's with a mere 43 Canadians on peacekeeping duties as of the end of December.
At least 160 peacekeepers killed
The mission in Mali, currently with about 11,000 members, is now seen as the most dangerous active U.N. peacekeeping mission with 163 peacekeepers killed since 2013, some through fighting, improvised explosives, and accidents such as helicopter crashes.
Seemingly under pressure from the U.N. to live up to its promise, the government will announce today that it is sending an aviation force to the country.
Conservative Party questions mission
In response to leaks the Liberal government will announce the mission this morning, Conservative Defence Critic James Bezan said, “Mali looks a lot like Afghanistan, so there is concern about how we are going to keep the peace when we have insurgencies, terrorism, failed states and multiple different missions going at the same time and no answers of how this is in Canada's national interest”.
The mission will likely involve up to eight aircraft including helicopters and two transport aircraft, with air crew and support personnel, as well as a 200-strong quick reaction force. The helicopter contingent will include Chinook helicopters for medical evacuations and various logistical transport support along with the smaller Griffons to act as armed escorts.
Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau also seems set to increase the number of female soldiers participating in the mission.
The base will likely be in the northern city of Gao, with the mission to become operational by August and last for some 12 months.
additional information- sources
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Wednesday, the US Senate approved, by an overwhelming majority, a measure that would expand sanctions on Russia and limit the US president's ability to lift said sanctions.
"Given the fact that some groups in the United States fear that Donald Trump in a moment of constructive [thinking] may revoke or limit previously adopted anti-Russian sanctions, they made preparations to be on the safe side, through which the mechanism of sanctions reviewing is subject to mandatory approval of the Congress," Slutsky told reporters.
According to Slutsky, these actions show the high degree of anti-Russian "hysteria" still present in the United States.
"Russia is still associated with Trump, with the mechanics of his election. All of this seriously damages Trump himself, and prompts him to distance himself from these [things] connected with Russia," Slutsky stressed.
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Astapkovich Russia Should Hit Back Hard if US Adopts New Sanctions - Senior MP
The new sanctions were proposed as a response to Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 US presidential election. They would target Russia's defense, intelligence, railway, mining and shipping industries. They would also restrict dealings with Russian banks and energy companies.
Moscow has repeatedly denied allegations of meddling in the US election.
April 20 J B Hunt Transport Services Inc :
* J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. announces payment of dividend and new $500 million share repurchase authorization
* J b Hunt Transport Services Inc- board of directors adopted a new share repurchase program authorizing repurchase of an additional $500 million
* Sets regular quarterly dividend of $0.23per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON (AP) — British Prime Minister Theresa May says there is a new sense of optimism in the talks to secure Britain's departure from the European Union.
May is set to address the House of Commons on Monday, updating lawmakers on the negotiations just days after hammering out a deal with the EU on the so-called divorce issues, including the Irish border and Britain's financial obligations. Brexit talks are now expected to move onto trade and security cooperation.
But Britain's argument that nothing is settled until all is agreed upon is causing unease among other countries involved in the decision. Irish officials have rejected assertions that the deal is merely a “statement of intent” rather than legally binding.
The Irish government branded the view “bizarre” and insisted that an agreement is binding.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
PITTSBURGH--A pair of autonomous robots developed by Carnegie Mellon University's Robotics Institute will soon be driving through miles of pipes at the U.S. Department of Energy's former uranium enrichment plant in Piketon, Ohio, to identify uranium deposits on pipe walls.
The CMU robot has demonstrated it can measure radiation levels more accurately from inside the pipe than is possible with external techniques. In addition to savings in labor costs, its use significantly reduces hazards to workers who otherwise must perform external measurements by hand, garbed in protective gear and using lifts or scaffolding to reach elevated pipes.
DOE officials estimate the robots could save tens of millions of dollars in completing the characterization of uranium deposits at the Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant in Piketon, and save perhaps $50 million at a similar uranium enrichment plant in Paducah, Kentucky.
"This will transform the way measurements of uranium deposits are made from now on," predicted William "Red" Whittaker, robotics professor and director of the Field Robotics Center.
Heather Jones, senior project scientist will present two technical papers about the robot on Wednesday at the Waste Management Conference in Phoenix, Arizona. CMU also will be demonstrating a prototype of the robot during the conference.
CMU is building two of the robots, called RadPiper, and will deliver the production prototype units to DOE's sprawling 3,778-acre Portsmouth site in May. RadPiper employs a new "disc-collimated" radiation sensor invented at CMU. The CMU team, led by Whittaker, began the project last year. The team worked closely with DOE and Fluor-BWXT Portsmouth, the decommissioning contractor, to build a prototype on a tight schedule and test it at Portsmouth last fall.
Shuttered since 2000, the plant began operations in 1954 and produced enriched uranium, including weapons-grade uranium. With 10.6 million square feet of floor space, it is DOE's largest facility under roof, with three large buildings containing enrichment process equipment that span the size of 158 football fields. The process buildings contain more than 75 miles of process pipe.
Finding the uranium deposits, necessary before DOE decontaminates, decommissions and demolishes the facility, is a herculean task. In the first process building, human crews over the past three years have performed more than 1.4 million measurements of process piping and components manually and are close to declaring the building "cold and dark."
"With more than 15 miles of piping to be characterized in the next process building, there is a need to seek a smarter method," said Rodrigo V. Rimando, Jr., director of technology development for DOE's Office of Environmental Management. "We anticipate a labor savings on the order of an eight-to-one ratio for the piping accomplished by RadPiper." Even with RadPiper, nuclear deposits must be identified manually in some components.
RadPiper will operate initially in pipes measuring 30 inches and 42 inches in diameter and will characterize radiation levels in each foot-long segment of pipe. Those segments with potentially hazardous amounts of uranium-235, the fissile isotope of uranium used in nuclear reactors and weapons, will be removed and decontaminated. The vast majority of the plant's piping will remain in place and will be demolished safely along with the rest of the facility.
The tetherless robot moves through the pipe at a steady pace atop a pair of flexible tracks. Though the pipe is in straight sections, the autonomous robot is equipped with a lidar and a fisheye camera to detect obstructions ahead, such as closed valves, Jones said. After completing a run of pipe, the robot automatically returns to its launch point. Integrated data analysis and report generation frees nuclear analysts from time-consuming calculations and makes reports available the same day.
The robot's disc-collimated sensing instrument uses a standard sodium iodide sensor to count gamma rays. The sensor is positioned between two large lead discs. The lead discs block gamma rays from uranium deposits that lie beyond the one-foot section of pipe that is being characterized at any given time. Whittaker said CMU is seeking a patent on the instrument.
The Robotics Institute and Whittaker have extensive experience with robots in nuclear facilities, including the design and construction of robots to aid with the cleanup of the damaged Three Mile Island reactor building in Pennsylvania and the crippled Chernobyl reactor in Ukraine.
DOE has paid CMU $1.4 million to develop the robots as part of what CMU calls the Pipe Crawling Activity Measurement System.
In addition to the Portsmouth and Paducah plants, robots could be useful elsewhere in DOE's defense nuclear cleanup program, which is not even half complete, Rimando said. Other sites where robots might be used are the Savannah River Site in Aiken, South Carolina, and the Hanford Site in Richland, Washington.
"With at least 50 more years of nuclear cleanup to be performed, the Robotics Institute could serve as a major pipeline of roboticists for DOE's next several workforce generations," he added.
###
Amazon will reportedly block Australian consumers from buying products from its overseas e-commerce sites in response to the nation's good and services tax changes.
Shoppers visiting the US store Amazon.com and the online behemoth's other overseas sites will be redirected to Amazon.com.au from July 1.
This coincides with GST changes where online retailers will have to apply the 10 per cent GST to goods bought from overseas sites and shipped to Australia, where currently the tax only applies to imports of goods above $1,000.
By BLAINE BOLES
H&T Correspondent
Last Thursday at the Boone Street Market, Jonesborough Locally Grown held its first lectures in a series on the importance of locally sourced foods.
“What we're doing here is developing an appreciation of our locally sourced foods,” said Karen Childress, the executive director of Jonesborough Locally Grown.
What Jonesborough Locally Grown is about is “connecting our farmers with the local community,” explained Erin Gibner, a 29-year-old AmeriCorps Volunteer.
Gibner, one of the primary organizers of the Jonesborough Locally Grown lectures, noted that she proposed the night's first lecturer for his “charismatic and captivating personality.”
That lecturer was Bill Chapman, a Jonesborough resident and coffee connoisseur, who came down to the market to talk about the science-intensive process of roasting coffee beans.
Although he has dabbled in roasting coffee for roughly 25 years, Chapman said that he only began seriously roasting coffee when he retired in 2012.
“One can only play so much golf,” he joked — so Chapman's wife bought him an “electric-coil heated Alpine roaster” for his next birthday.
“When we lived in Massachusetts, I started roasting in our basement and the smoke would make its way up the air ducts and set off the fire alarms so I was banished to the garage,” Chapman said.
Despite his banishment, Chapman was not deterred from roasting coffee. “A few years later,” Chapman noted, “I purchased a North brand coffee roaster,” which featured four propane burners and could roast up to 14 pounds of coffee beans at a time.
After purchasing his second roaster, Chapman noted that he became deeply interested in the more technical aspects of roasting coffee.
“The outermost layer of the unroasted coffee bean is ‘chaff,' which must be removed before the coffee can be roasted,” Chapman said. A coffee bean chaff is the “silver-colored skin that covers the unroasted bean.”
Once the chaff is removed from a batch of coffee beans, “the process of roasting coffee beans is designed according to four features of a batch — the beans' density, the altitude at which the beans were grown, the moisture content of the beans and the level of roast desired.”
Next, Chapman gave specific roasting times and temperatures for each degree of coffee roast: light roast, medium roast, and finally dark roast. For each roast, Chapman and Childress distributed samples of roasted beans and coffee made from those roasts.
What this show-and-tell of coffee was intended to display is that “you can tell when a roast is achieved based on how the coffee smells and tastes,” Chapman said.
“You should be able to taste notes of cherry and vanilla extract in the lighter roasts,” he said.
Chapman closed his presentation by discussing the logistical and political aspects of the coffee industry. “In this inaugural lecture series, it's important to know that certain small coffee farmers may not be able to afford the cost of having their product certified as fair-trade or organic,” he said.
Chapman noted that he keeps this fact in mind when choosing beans for his product, for he wants to produce the best locally sourced product for the best price.
“The things that I sell here (at the Boone Street Market) will arrive on the shelves within two days of being roasted,” he said.
The night's second lecture was led by Nathan Brand, a 29-year-old chef, and his wife, Diana Brand, a 28-year-old psychologist, on the use of heirloom crops in local cuisines.
The couple began the lecture with Diana Brand's reading of Todd Blair's “Moonshine and Mountaintops: A Living History of Northeast Tennessee” — a selection she believed articulates the connection that traditional Appalachian cooks had to what they cooked, which “is a sort of nostalgic comfort if you've grown up in the area,” she said.
Nathan Brand talked about his extensive culinary training that led him to an appreciation of “locally grown.”
He trained in several Nordic countries, he said, yet during his training, he soon realized that he “wasn't cooking anything locally sourced,” which disregards an important culinary concept: terroir.
Not cooking with locally sourced ingredients, according to Nathan Brand, deprives you of being aware of your food's terroir, a French term that refers to both a crop's chemical characteristics and the set of all environmental factors that affect a crop's chemical makeup.
This culinary feature is why he believes “everyone is seeking heirloom varieties now.”
“You can buy well-formed black-eyed peas at a Kroger,” Nathan Brand said. “But they are hybrid seeds that haven't been adapted to specific environments. They're solely meant to be prolific and ship-well.”
Whereas, “an heirloom crop is a variety of a crop that tastes better than its more common analog,” he said.
He quickly pointed out, however, that it is important to distinguish between “heirloom” foods and “niche” foods.
“There are a lot of ‘niche' foods in today's markets and anything niche has an undertone of elite,” he said.“There should be no elitism in the kitchen.”
“I've been broke and down-and-out, but I ate something great and that great thing wasn't boutique or expensive.”
If you're interested in attending one of Jonesborough Locally Grown's future events, check out their website at https://jonesborough.locallygrown.net/welcome.
Emergency personnel respond to the scene of a stabbing Saturday, March 17, 2018, at the Salvation Army Castleview Residence in downtown Rochester, Minn. Multiple victims were transported a hospital, according to Rochester Police. (Joe Ahlquist/The Rochester Post-Bulletin via AP)
Emergency personnel respond to the scene of a stabbing Saturday, March 17, 2018, at the Salvation Army Castleview Residence in downtown Rochester, Minn. Multiple victims were transported a hospital, according to Rochester Police. (Joe Ahlquist/The Rochester Post-Bulletin via AP)
ROCHESTER, Minn. (AP) - Two men were fatally stabbed at a Salvation Army apartment building in Minnesota, and police arrested a suspect who tried to leave through a rear stairway.
The stabbings were reported around 7:15 p.m. Saturday at Castleview Apartments in Rochester, a 32-unit building that provides shelter for the homeless, disabled, those in poverty or who have mental health issues.
Rochester police Capt. John Sherwin told the Post Bulletin newspaper the suspect was "definitely under the influence of alcohol" when he allegedly stabbed the two men on the fourth floor of the building. The 53-year-old man was arrested shortly after the stabbings as he tried to leave the building through a rear stairway and was being held Sunday on two tentative counts of second-degree murder.
Police said the men who were stabbed and the suspect all lived at the apartments.
Authorities still were trying to piece together the circumstances that led to the stabbings, but Sherwin said the suspect reportedly had "bickered" with the victims "quite a bit." The suspect was combative with arresting officers and would not tell investigators what happened after he was arrested, Sherwin said.
The victims were identified as 57-year-old Phillip William Hicks and 45-year-old Eric Alan Flemming. Both men were stabbed in the chest and upper abdomen, Sherwin said. Police said in a news release that officers found the two men "suffering from critical stab wounds." They were later pronounced dead at a hospital.
Rochester, a city of around 114,000 people, is about 90 miles (145 kilometers) southeast of Minneapolis.
Anne Bashaw-Meyer, Salvation Army's director of development and community engagement, told the Post Bulletin that she was "shocked" and "saddened" to hear about the stabbings but would not answer media questions while the police investigation continues.
"This was a terrible tragedy and it is being investigated," the Salvation Army said in a statement.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Rochester, Minnesota, has around 114,000 residents, not 209,000.
State: Farmworkers to 'shelter in place' from pesticides
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Matthew B. Zimmerman, AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 FILE--In this Oct. 14, 2010, file photo, apples are harvested in Milton-Freewater, Ore. Farmers will be allowed to let farmworkers and their families "shelter in place" in their on-site housing when aerial pesticides are being sprayed. The Oregon Occupational Health and Safety Administration now says workers can remain in their housing during early-morning spraying as long as doors, windows and air intakes are closed and the pesticides don't require the use of a respirator on the label. (Matthew B. Zimmerman/Walla Walla Union-Bulletin via AP, File) less FILE--In this Oct. 14, 2010, file photo, apples are harvested in Milton-Freewater, Ore. Farmers will be allowed to let farmworkers and their families "shelter in place" in their on-site housing when aerial ... more Photo: Matthew B. Zimmerman, AP Image 2 of 4 Files - In this May 22, 2007, file photo, pilot Dave McCarty sprays a pesticide near St. Helens, Ore. Farmers will be allowed to let farmworkers and their families "shelter in place" in their on-site housing when aerial pesticides are being sprayed. The Oregon Occupational Health and Safety Administration now says workers can remain in their housing during early-morning spraying as long as doors, windows and air intakes are closed and the pesticides don't require the use of a respirator on the label. (Andrea J. Wright/Statesman-Journal via AP, File) less FILE - In this May 22, 2007, file photo, pilot Dave McCarty sprays a pesticide near St. Helens, Ore. Farmers will be allowed to let farmworkers and their families "shelter in place" in their on-site housing ... more Photo: ANDREA J. WRIGHT, AP Image 3 of 4 Files - In this March 11, 2005, file photo, Oregon's Mount Hood looms in the background as a budding pear tree is pruned in Parkdale, Ore. Farmers will be allowed to let farmworkers and their families "shelter in place" in their on-site housing when aerial pesticides are being sprayed after objections from some growers that newly updated rules were too intrusive, a newspaper reported Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less FILE - In this March 11, 2005, file photo, Oregon's Mount Hood looms in the background as a budding pear tree is pruned in Parkdale, Ore. Farmers will be allowed to let farmworkers and their families "shelter ... more Photo: Don Ryan, AP Image 4 of 4 State: Farmworkers to 'shelter in place' from pesticides 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
SALEM, Ore. (AP) — Farmers will be allowed to let farmworkers and their families "shelter in place" in their on-site housing when aerial pesticides are being sprayed after objections from some growers that newly updated rules were too intrusive, a newspaper reported Tuesday.
Oregon farmers had objected to the proposed rules that required the evacuation of workers within 100 feet of where trucks and planes are spraying pesticides, The Capital Press reported. That's because fruit growers in the Columbia River Gorge, in particular, spray in the early morning and would have had to wake farmworkers up to comply.
Approximately two-thirds of Oregon's 314 registered labor camps are in Wasco and Hood River counties, home to most of the state's pear and cherry orchards.
The Oregon Occupational Health and Safety Administration now says alternatively, workers can remain in their housing during early-morning spraying as long as doors, windows and air intakes are closed and the pesticides don't require the use of a respirator on the label.
The rules were adopted Monday and take effect Jan. 1, 2019.
For chemicals that do require the use of a respirator, the rules require an evacuation zone of 150 feet — stricter than federal guidelines — and farmworkers can't shelter in place.
Pesticide drift — or the unintentional diffusion of pesticides beyond where they were intended — is already illegal in Oregon, though it does sometimes occur.
The Oregon Department of Agriculture investigated 172 complaints of chemical drift resulting in 38 violations in 2016, and 82 cases resulting in 10 violations in 2017.
The rules passed Monday were criticized by both growers, who found them too strict, and farmworker advocates, who found them too lax.
Mike Doke, executive director of the Columbia Gorge Fruit Growers Association, said the 150-foot evacuation requirement for pesticides that call for a respirator is arbitrary.
"We just have to come in and adhere to a whim because somebody thought it was a good idea," he said.
Growers do not heavily use chemicals that require a respirator, but that could change as the industry faces challenges from new emerging pests, such as the brown marmorated stink bug, Doke said.
Farmworker advocacy groups, however, said the new rules don't go far enough.
A state law passed in 2015 already requires that forest managers conducting aerial sprays cannot come within 60 feet of homes or schools and Lisa Arkin, executive director of the group Beyond Toxics based in Eugene, said the same standard should apply to agriculture when spraying around farmworker housing.
Ramon Ramirez, president of Pineros y Campesinos Unidos del Noroeste — the largest Latino union in Oregon — said the union may consider legal action to win stricter protections.
"We think farmworkers are being shortchanged on their lives to put food on the table," he said.
___
Information from: Capital Press, http://www.capitalpress.com/washington
By The Associated Press
MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. (AP) — Coast Guard officials say a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina has been evacuated because of a claim about a threat aboard a ship.
Coast Guard Sector Charleston commander Capt. Greg Stump tells WCIV-TV (http://bit.ly/2s32DGI) that employees were evacuated Wednesday night and a portion of the Cooper River has been closed.
Stump says a YouTube conspiracy theorist reported a suspected threat aboard a container ship in the port. He says authorities are investigating out of caution.
The commander says the threat is more to the vessel than public safety. No further details were available.
5 Surprise Romantic Getaways In The USCelebrate Valentine's Day or any other romantic occasion by visiting any of these five American destinations.
America's 5 Best Comfort Food SpotsFive of the nation's traditional and very special places where comfort foods are served. Diners find such menu favorites as steak and potatoes, mac and cheese, burgers and fries, and old fashioned baked pies.
Take A Trip Back In Time To See The BeatlesIn the English city where they were born and rose to fame, tourists can take a trip back in time to meet "The Beatles."
Best Tropical Destinations For Travelers On A BudgetA closer look at five of the best tropical or subtropical destinations in the world for the budget-minded traveler.
An internally displaced woman who fled Raqqa holds her child as she stands beside a tent at a camp in Ain Issa, north of Raqqa, Syria, Saturday (Reuters photo)
BEIRUT — Civilians fleeing the Daesh terror group's two remaining Syrian strongholds face “terrible, terrible conditions” in dozens of poorly-equipped informal camps, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Monday.
Daesh is under pressure in the remaining areas it holds in Syria, with a US-backed force battling to oust the extremists from its bastion Raqqa, and regime troops closing in on extremist-held parts of Deir Ezzor.
But the fighting has displaced tens of thousands of people, with many taking refuge in camps in the provinces of Raqqa and neighbouring Hasakeh.
Ingy Sedky, a Damascus-based spokeswoman for the ICRC, said more than 40 camps each hosting anywhere between 2,000 and 10,000 people had been set up in often-remote areas in the two provinces.
“These tents are literally in the middle of the desert. You have snakes and scorpions that are a daily threat for people,” she told AFP after visiting the camps in an ICRC team to assess conditions.
“Fifty per cent of the people inside these camps are children. They are living in terrible, terrible conditions because of the heat. It can be 50 degrees during the day.”
She said many camps lacked even the most basic items, including tents, with new arrivals sleeping in the open for up to 10 days while waiting for shelter.
“There is one camp called Arisha in Hasakeh governorate. The camp itself used to be a petroleum refinery, so you see children playing in toxic waste, drinking and bathing in contaminated water,” she said.
“Most of the camps don't have doctors on site... They don't even have bandages, even the simplest things are not available.”
She said an estimated 70,000 people were living in such camps, which are often in hard-to-reach locations, complicating aid provision.
The US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters, began an operation to capture Raqqa from Daesh last year, and now holds much of the province and over half of Raqqa city.
Government forces, meanwhile, are approaching Daesh-held territory in the eastern province of Deir Ezzor from two axes, and are expected to launch an operation to break the extremist group's years-long siege of regime-held parts of the provincial capital.
Sedky said there has been an uptick in people fleeing Deir Ezzor.
“Every day and night there are people, tens at least, who arrive,” she said.
Sedky said ICRC would be working to improve water access and medical support in the camps.
“The first priority is water. It is essential that people have clean water, because you can see already this is creating a lot of diseases” including chronic diarrhoea, she said.
“The basic medicines even are not available, let alone what you would need for people with chronic diseases.”
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, he has promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
STILLWATER, Okla. — Oklahoma State avenged its loss to Alabama from four years ago while blasting the Crimson Tide to win the NCAA men's golf championship on its home course Wednesday.
Vitkor Hovland never trailed in the opening match against Lee Hodges in a 4-and-3 victory. Zach Bouchou won five straight holes, holing out a bunker shot on his way to an 8-and-7 victory over Jonathan Hardee.
Matthew Wolff delivered the clinching point, a 4-and-3 victory over Davis Riley, and the celebration was on at Karsten Creek Golf Club.
The Cowboys had the home crowd on their side, and they gave their orange-clad fans plenty to cheer.
Oklahoma State won its 11th NCAA title, second only to Houston's 16. Its previous championship was in 2006 when it was stroke play. Since switching to match play in 2009, the Cowboys have been runner-up twice.
One of those years was to Alabama in 2014 at Prairie Dunes in Kansas, about a three-hour drive north of Stillwater. Alabama won big for back-to-back titles.
The Tide advanced to the championship match by sweeping the five matches against Duke in the semifinals. Alabama fell behind big in three matches against Oklahoma State, and trailed in all five matches when Wolff clinched it.
The final score was 3-2 because the other two matches, which no longer mattered, ended where they were.
By The Associated Press
1:47
Domestic violence ended 39 lives in South Carolina last year. This is one story
PHILADELPHIA — The Philadelphia 76ers have started an investigation into tweets linked in a report to team president Bryan Colangelo that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, among other NBA figures.
The burner accounts also took aim at former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to a report by The Ringer website.
"The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter," the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement. "We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded."
The website asked the team about five Twitter accounts it suspected Colangelo was operating. He said in a statement that he used one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events, but that he was "not familiar with any of the other accounts" brought to his attention and that he didn't know who was "behind them or what their motives may be in using them."
Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star centre, tweeted that he didn't believe the report.
"I don't believe the story. That would just be insane," he wrote.
Colangelo was hired as president of basketball operations for Philadelphia in April 2016. He served as Toronto's general manager from 2006-2013.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, stepped in with the Sixers after Hinkie resigned. He lost his GM job in Toronto after the Raptors missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo downplayed Hinkie's role in the franchise's turnaround. It also lamented in another post that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Another account accused Embiid of "playing like a toddler having tantrums," and one criticized Fultz for his work with his "so-called mentor/father figure."
Restoration of Alamo Cannons Begin At RELLIS Campus
News release from Texas A&M:
The Conservation Research Laboratory on the RELLIS Education and Research Campus of Texas A&M University in Bryan is doing its part to help the world, “Remember the Alamo!”
Research Associate Jim Jobling and his team are conserving seven of the 21 cannons used during the Texas Revolution's 1836 Battle of the Alamo as well as two others from the same time period.
All are displayed at the historic Alamo that is now a museum and popular tourist attraction in San Antonio. Two of the cannons were transported from the fort at the conclusion of Cannon Fest, a weekend-long event at the Alamo that explored the artillery of the Texas Revolution and announced the conservation of the cannons, and brought to Aggieland earlier this week. The other cannons are scheduled to arrive gradually over the coming months.
“Our efforts to preserve and protect the Alamo are first and foremost about the story of the battle itself. It was the 13 days of battle in 1836 that made this mission sacred,” said Texas General Land Office Commissioner George P. Bush to the crowd at Cannon Fest. “These cannons…sat on platforms of new wood on the perimeter of this fortress, trained on the enemy. Heroes died manning them. We need these cannons to last so future Texans can see 1836 for themselves.”
In the process of ensuring the cannons are around for future generations, the conservationists also are preserving one of the most inspiring moments in Texas history. Alamo Commander William Barret Travis and approximately 200 other Alamo defenders were greatly outnumbered by Santa Anna's Mexican Army in 1836. While waiting on reinforcements that never arrived, all of them lost their lives defending their post during the legendary battle. Their bravery roused a spirit that spread among Texans, and “Remember the Alamo!” became a battle cry that helped them to defeat the Mexican troops, thereby winning the revolution.
“It's about personal sacrifice, bravery, men who stood up for their beliefs,” Jobling said. “We want the cannon to last because they are a symbol of independence.”
The cannons, which were discovered in various locations near the Alamo between 1852 and 1908, have likely never been conserved, and have been buried under countless layers of paint over the years, Jobling said.
“We hope to find significant marks underneath all that paint that reveal the origins of the cannon,” Jobling said.
To stabilize the iron and remove the oxidation and corrosion, the conservationists will submerge each cannon in a vat of sodium hydroxide solution that will loosen and slough the thick paint while subjecting the artifact to an electrical current that will remove the corrosion. The process, called electrolysis, lasts approximately four weeks per cannon. Boiling rinses will clean the residual chemicals and salts from the surface, tannic acid will blacken the gun, and industrial-grade black paint will seal the surface of the artifact.
The historic cannons are named according to the weight of the shot they fired. The seven used during the Battle of the Alamo include two iron 3-pounders, two bronze 4-pounders, a three-quarter iron swivel, an iron 12-pounder gunnade and a 16-pounder, which is an unusual caliber. The two cannons from the same period not used during the battle include an iron 4-pounder and an iron 6-pounder. After conservation, the cannons will be returned to the Alamo for display.
The Alamo launched a GoFundMe campaign to raise $50,000 for the conservation project, and the Brown Foundation in Houston donated a lead gift of $7,000. Those interested in contributing to the cannon conservation and preservation of Texas history can visit the campaign website to learn more.
The Conservation Research Lab at Texas A&M was established by Director Donny Hamilton in 1978. Since then, the Lab has completed approximately 160 projects amounting to the conservation of about two million artifacts.
“The Lab enables about a dozen students each semester to gain hands-on experience,” Jobling said. “When they start their jobs, they can draw on actual experience conducting the conservation work, not just knowledge gained during classroom lectures.”
A bumper field is set to compete for $38,000 and the honour of being the winner of the region's biggest golf tournament, the Nexus South West Open, this weekend.
The two-day tournament begins on Saturday at the Bunbury Golf Club, when 48 professionals as well as a contingent of amateur golfers vie for the prestigious title.
The favourite will be former WA Open winner Daniel Fox, but there will be plenty of competition from the likes of WA PGA winners Steven Dartnell and Jarryd Selton.
Bunbury Golf Club general manager Des Shearer said this year's field was one of the strongest in recent memory
“Certainly from a depth perspective it is strong,” he said.
“The top 10 golfers are really strong this year.”
The competition has been reduced to 36 holes instead of 54, meaning competitors will need to be on their game earlier than before.
After missing last year, Fox said he was looking forward to returning to Bunbury.
“It is a golf course which suits me well,” he said.
“It is not overly long. Playing a golf course like that which rewards you for your efforts off the tee is good.
“It is about having patience when you play down there.
“I haven't had a win down there, but I have had some good results. So I am looking forward to heading down and hopefully getting a win.”
Fox said there was plenty of solid talent in the WA golf scene.
“It is perhaps not as deep as years past,” he said.
“But just the landscape of golf, it is a tough gig now.
“The field though will be excellent and I am sure there will be some of the best amateurs there.”
Fox said his consistency on the course normally held him in good stead, so he would need to be playing well early.
“It (the course) gives you opportunity to play well if you hit the fairway,” he said.
“It is tough to get on the green from the rough.
“The way my game sets up, I am generally a good driver of the ball and a pretty good putter.
“So as long as I get in the middle somewhere, then I am confident of doing well.
“But it is definitely a good test for all facets of your game.”
BC Supreme Court judge delivered a pointed lecture on “poor choices” and the “scourge” of drug trafficking before sentencing three men for their involvement in the unlawful confinement and assault of a Surrey victim.
“As a judge, it is not much fun seeing young people come before the court for poor choices they made in their lives that affect not only themselves, but their families, their grandparents, and a host of others,” Justice Gordon Weatherill said in his reasons for judgment, posted Oct. 3rd. “I recognize that it is difficult for some young people to resist the pressures of their friends and peers, particularly while they are in high school.”
The victim, Keenan Desrochers, was unlawfully confined for two days during which he was repeatedly assaulted while handcuffed, between April 11 to April 14, 2015, in Surrey.
Benajamin Garrett Ferguson, Jessie D'Anthony Hart, Matthew McKenzie Whitty pleaded guilty to charges at the opening of a trial in BC Supreme Court in New Westminster on September 8, 2017.
Ferguson pleaded guilty to assault simpliciter, and Hart and Whitty pleaded guilty to unlawful confinement and assault with a weapon.
Weatherill imposed a joint submission sentence from the Crown and defence lawyers. Ferguson was sentenced to one day in jail, received credit for 30 days in pretrial custody, and was also sentenced to three years probation.
Hart was sentenced to two years in prison and three years probation and Whitty was sentenced to two years in prison on top of the time he's spent in pretrial detention since June 2017, plus three years probation.
“The charges and guilty pleas in these proceedings arise out of, in my view, greed and senselessness that permeates the lives of those who engage in the trafficking of hard drugs,” Weatherill told the court. “Such trafficking is a scourge upon our society that cannot be justified and must not be tolerated. Cocaine and fentanyl have consistently been recognized by this court and other courts as deadly and devastating drugs that ravage lives.” “We all see and read every day in the news about hundreds of young people who are dying in British Columbia as a result of taking such drugs,” the judge noted. “They are getting those drugs from traffickers. Their lives are being irretrievably ruined because profit-motivated people wish to make some easy money without regard for the consequences of their greed on the users of those drugs.”
Weatherill had a pointed message for one of the prisoners, in particular.
“Mr. Hart, I am told that you are going to be a father in six months,” the judge said. “If that is the case, you are a lucky man, but you had better think about whether or not you want your child to end up as a user of these drugs.”
Corbin was cruising with a 4-0 lead when Tucker Barnhart and Votto opened the fourth with singles and Suarez walked on a 3-2 pitch to load the bases. That brought up Duvall, who hit a drive into the seats in left-centre for his second career grand slam.
"That at-bat went from real bad to real good real quick," Duvall said. "I took a first-pitch strike right down the middle, a first-pitch fastball that I thought was a slider. The pitch after that I swung at one kind of in the dirt. But it was good to see one up and put the barrel to it."
Suarez opened the sixth with a single, Duvall struck out and Schebler launched a shot 433 feet to right.
"I got that one pretty good," Schebler said. "He threw me about eight straight sliders, just finally got one up. ... After throwing it that many times it seemed like he was going to keep coming with it until I proved I could hit it."
It was a disappointing finish for Arizona after a fast start.
Dyson led off the first with a single and Goldschmidt, moved up to second in the batting order in recent games, knocked Romano's 1-1 pitch into the visitor's bullpen for his seventh homer of the season. After Jake Lamb flew out, Murphy doubled to the left-centre gap and scored on David Peralta's single, sliding in just ahead of Billy Hamilton's throw from short centre field.
Murphy's fourth home run in his last six games made it 4-0 after three.
GOLDY'S ENCOURAGEMENT
Romano complemented Goldschmidt on the home run he hit on what the pitcher said was a good pitch. Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said it was a good sign for the slumping slugger.
"I've said this now for the past year and a half," Lovullo said, "any time a hitter is staying on a ball and hitting the ball the opposite way it's very encouraging."
It was Goldschmidt's first homer at home this season.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Reds: Iglesias threw a 45-pitch bullpen session on Monday without any negative results, setting the stage for his reinstatement.
Diamondbacks: RHP Shelby Miller, recovering from Tommy John surgery, threw five innings in his first rehab start for Class A Visalia on Tuesday night, allowing a run and four hits. He struck out eight with no walks.
UP NEXT
Reds: Following an off day, Tyler Mahle (3-6, 4.76 ERA) starts Friday night at San Diego. The Reds finish a nine-game trip with three against the Padres.
Diamondbacks: RHP Clay Buchholz (0-1, 1.64 ERA) pitches Friday night in the opener of a three-game set against Miami.
By Bob Baum, The Associated Press
Sheriff's officers in Sheridan County have arrested a suspect after tasing him early Friday morning.
The incident began with an attempted traffic stop just after 10:30 last night in Selden, Kansas.
A 1994 Ford Explorer sped away from a stop sign it ran, then went to the residence of the driver, where the suspect hit the patrol car. The officer ordered the suspect out of the car.
He did not comply and backed away from the officer then revved his motor in the officer's direction and the officer fired four shots at the suspect vehicle. A short pursuit happened again for a couple of blocks and the suspect then wrecked the Explorer and fled on foot.
Just after 4 a.m. the suspect was found at a residence on Main Street in Selden and officers were forced to tase him to take him into custody. No one was hurt, and the suspects name will not be released until he is formally charged.
Liz Gibson was left in a coma after being hit by a car. Phoebe Pin tells how her friend became a testament to the healing power of determination, community support and prayer.
I am sitting with Liz Gibson in a cafe a mere 300m from where she was hit by a car last year.
We'd grown up in the same neighbourhood, our birthdays just a few days apart, but on June 13 last year, the trajectory of my friend's life took an unexpected turn.
As an independent 19-year-old, Ms Gibson was actively involved in the community and had just finished meeting other members of the Gosnells Youth Advisory Council when she decided to cross the road to get a coffee at the Dome Cafe where she also happened to work.
It was about 4pm on a Tuesday and the intersection was buzzing with after-school traffic.
Just as she'd done countless times before, she skipped the wait at the pedestrian crossing and instead dashed across the road, keeping an eye on the oncoming cars.
Camera Icon Liz Gibson near the scene of the accident last year in Gosnells that has had such a traumatic effect on her life. Picture: Picture: Simon Santi
The vehicle coming around the corner escaped her notice, however, just as the driver didn't see Ms Gibson before he hit her in the 70km/h zone.
Ms Gibson has no memory of the accident but onlookers were quick to come to her aid and later described the scene to the police and family.
“Hearing about the damage I did to the car — that I broke the mirror off the car, dented the A-frame pillar with my head — I think that I should be worse off and more severely injured than I am,” Ms Gibson said.
Ms Gibson had fractured her ribs and right clavicle but it was her head injury that concerned paramedics the most as she scored a three on the Glasgow Coma Scale, the most common measure of a patient's level of consciousness after a traumatic brain injury. A GCS of anything below eight usually points to a severe brain injury, which can result in long-term impairment to cognitive, physical and emotional function.
Camera Icon Liz pictured with her friend Emma Leane at Fiona Stanley Hospital.
She was rushed to Royal Perth Hospital where her GCS improved to 11 but she became combative and was placed in an induced coma to prevent further injury to her brain and spine, which was also thought to be fractured.
That evening, Ms Gibson's mother Tracey Gibson had been relaxing in front of the television while her son Allister was doing his homework and her husband Dave caught up on sleep before beginning his night shift.
“Every parent's worst nightmare is having the police come to your front door to tell you that your child has been in a major accident,” Mrs Gibson said.
“The first few hours were terrifying. I remember phoning Dave not long after I got to RPH to see her to say that he needed to come in as it was worse than the police initially told us when they came to our home,” she said.
After surgeons had stopped Ms Gibson's head wound from bleeding, she was moved to intensive care where she remained in a coma for seven days. She was entangled in tubes and wires; a ventilator filling her lungs with air, a nasogastric tube pumping her body with nutrients and a steady stream of fluids, antibiotics and sedatives flowing through her veins.
“It was hard for everyone to see me like that in ICU,” Ms Gibson said.
“The first 48 hours were the worst because no one knew what the outcome was going to be.”
Speaking to someone in a coma is a most uncomfortable experience, though nurses encourage visitors to chat with their unconscious patients or stroke their hand on the chance they recognise a familiar voice while their eyes are closed.
Ms Gibson's family and friends saw no sign of improvement in the days after the accident and were left feeling powerless.
“I went and saw Liz after I had finished work on Thursday,” Ms Gibson's high school friend Emma Leane said.
“Seeing her in that way was upsetting, especially knowing that I couldn't do anything to help her. I could just be there by her side.”
Slowly, she began to stir and tug at the tubes in her nose and veins.
“She came back to us little by little, one small step at a time,” Mrs Gibson said.
“She initially would pull us in to give us a kiss or a hug. I remember it was not long after she had been transferred from ICU to the high dependency ward that her first husky whispered words to me were ‘I love you Mummy'. It was then I really knew she was going to be OK.”
Ms Gibson remembers none of this. It was not until she was transferred to Fiona Stanley Hospital to begin the process of rehabilitation that she started to feel like herself again, though recovery would initially prove to be frustrating and exhausting as she learnt to eat, talk and walk again.
“It was a struggle at first and I did sometimes fall on my face when I tried to walk,” she said.
“At first when I was walking I would always need someone to assist and stabilise me, I would be taken to all my appointments in the wheelchair and I couldn't do things like brush my hair because my shoulder was still in a sling.”
Doctors said she could be in hospital for up to six months.
After she had been at Fiona Stanley for three weeks, Ms Gibson began the process of transitioning back home and was permitted to spend one night in her own bed.
Not long after, she was discharged from hospital, a mere six weeks after her accident.
“None of us realised how soon it would be before I would be coming home,” she said.
“I think my recovery is due to a combination of the power of prayer and the personal motivation to keep going, even though you don't want to sometimes.”
That's not to say it has been an easy road and Ms Gibson and her family have had to learn how to live with the lingering symptoms of brain damage that have affected her ability to function physically and emotionally.
“It was hard at first when I came home. I wasn't used to being at home, I was used to being in hospital,” she said.
Ms Gibson was having trouble sleeping, remembering things and would often experience unexpected episodes of anxiety.
“My doctors have said that not remembering any of the accident is my brain's way of keeping that traumatic experience away,” she said.
Twelve months on, Ms Gibson and her medical team have worked to help regain Liz's confidence near roads and improve her cognitive abilities so that she may soon be cleared to return to work and regain her independence.
By all accounts, she has made an incredible recovery given the severity of her injuries, though an accident as traumatic as hers will inherently leave its mark.
“I am so thankful that she is with us and almost back to her old self but because of her acquired brain injury, she will never be 100 per cent like she was before her accident,” Mrs Gibson said.
“In some ways our relationship has changed in that she can be very short with us, gets quite angry with her brother and often blamed me in the early days for a lot of the things that would upset her, even if it was her brother that had done something to upset her.”
For now, her main goal is to get back to work at the cafe and start to earn her own money again.
Before the accident, she was also hoping to expand her experience and knowledge of social work with a focus on supporting young people.
After everything that has happened, she is more determined to make a difference in the lives of community members as an expression of her gratitude to those who have helped her.
As for the driver of the vehicle that hit her, Ms Gibson has no feelings of anger.
“It was a pure accident. I didn't see him, and he didn't see me,” she said.
Ms Gibson is part of a declining trend in pedestrian versus vehicle crashes, with 2608 pedestrians being admitted to hospital after being hit by a car in the 2014-15 financial year, compared with 2817 admissions in 2009-10.
The realisation that such accidents can happen has given Ms Gibson a greater appreciation of the fragility of life.
And to other survivors of pedestrian road injuries, she offers a word of encouragement and a promise that recovery is every bit worth fighting for.
“You've got to have hope, faith, determination and trust in the doctors and nurses,” she said.
“Things do get easier. It may not look like it at the moment but they do.”
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — Reno County EMS has been honored with the 2017 “Career Service of the Year” award at the Kansas EMS Association awards banquet.
This is the first time in the organization's history that it has received this award. Over the past year, many changes and improvements within the organization have been made to allow better service for patients, the community and other public safety agencies, as well as employees.
Reno County EMS also recognizes the Executive Staff of Hutchinson Regional Medical Center. Many of the changes would not have been possible without the Executive Staff's help and vision.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores5 <
FAR WEST
Hawaii 82, Hawaii-Hilo 64<
N. Colorado 104, Okla. Panhandle St. 53<
UNLV 89, Illinois 82<
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
DETROIT (AP) - The PGA Tour is returning to the Detroit area after a 10-year absence.
Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a new PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next year. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open.
The tour said Wednesday that the tournament is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a Donald Ross design.
As part of the deal, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this summer, the tournament outside Washington that is run by the Tiger Woods Foundation.
Michigan had the Buick Open from 1958 through 2009, a tournament that Woods won three times.
PITTSBURGH (AP) — The Colorado Rockies, road warriors?
Believe it.
Ian Desmond hit his fourth home run of the season and rookie German Marquez pitched effectively into the sixth inning as the surprising Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-1 on Wednesday night to snap a three-game losing streak.
Marquez (5-3) gave up one run and four hits in five-plus innings as Colorado avoided being swept for the first time this season. Raimel Tapia went 4 for 4 and scored three times for the Rockies. Jake McGee bailed Colorado out of a bases-loaded, one-out jam in the seventh.
The Rockies have won a major-league best 25 games on the road.
“They persevere, they stay at it,” manager Bud Black said. “There's sort of a quiet tenacity to our group.”
The Pirates managed just one extra-base hit and left eight men on as their season-high four-game winning streak came to an end.
Chad Kuhl (1-6) remained winless since April 8. He gave up three runs in five innings and his ERA sits at 5.61 through 12 starts, though he's improved of late. Kuhl's ERA is 3.60 over his last three appearances. Manager Clint Hurdle plans on keeping Kuhl in the rotation for now.
“As far as the battle, the fight, it was there,” Hurdle said. “Talking about 3-0 (when Kuhl exits). Yeah it's not what you're looking for leaving the clubhouse, then again it's not like he got barreled up.”
The Rockies are one of the biggest surprises in the majors, fueled by a starting rotation dotted with rookies and a newfound competence away from Coors Field. The 22-year-old Marquez is helping lead the way. He improved to 3-1 with a 3.00 ERA on the road after keeping the surging Pirates in check then relying on the bullpen to do the rest.
“He was a little erratic at times, but the stuff was good and he made some pitches when he needed to,” Black said.
Marquez bounced back from the shortest outing of his brief career (three innings in a loss to the Chicago Cubs last Friday) to work into the sixth. By then the Rockies already had a 3-0 lead.
Desmond sent a pitch from Kuhl just over the reach of left fielder John Jaso with one out in the second to put Colorado up. The Rockies added two more in the fifth. Desmond led off with a walk and scored on Trevor Story's RBI-single. Tapia then darted home when Pittsburgh first baseman Josh Bell couldn't field Marquez's sacrifice bunt.
The Pirates had a chance to get back in it in the seventh, loading the bases with one out. McGee came on and got Adam Frazier to fly out to center then struck out Josh Harrison on three pitches.
“Five, six and seven we're out there,” Hurdle said. “If we get one of those innings to click, it's a different game.”
Pittsburgh didn't threaten again as Colorado won for just the third time in its last 14 games at PNC Park.
HOT HEADS
The benches cleared briefly in the fifth after Marquez hit Pittsburgh catcher Francisco Cervelli in the left arm with a pitch. Cervelli, activated off the 10-day DL earlier in the day after recovering from a concussion, exchanged words with Colorado catcher Tony Wolters. Players and coaches made their way onto the field but quickly dispersed.
“When you get hit at 98 you get scared man,” Cervelli said. “As a catcher, your job is avoided the fight and not just be talking and looking for fights, that's it.”
CARGO BENCHED
Black is giving struggling outfielder Carlos Gonzalez a break hoping it will help him break out of an extended funk. Gonzalez, a three-time All-Star, is hitting just .215 this season and is 0 for 24 over his last seven games.
“You can look at the numbers and they're not good right now,” Black said. “But he's going to come out of it.”
TRADE COMPLETED
The Pirates shipped minor-league pitcher Matt Frawley to the New York Yankees to complete the April 17 trade that sent reliever Johnny Barbato to Pittsburgh. The 21-year-old Frawley was 3-1 with three saves and a 1.62 ERA for Pittsburgh's Class-A affiliate West Virginia.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Pirates: LHP Antonino Bastardo (left squad strain) will stay in Triple-A for the time being as he works his way back. Bastardo, out since mid-May, has allowed three runs in 7 1/3 innings across seven appearances for the Indians.
UP NEXT
Rockies: Begin a seven-game homestand on Thursday against San Francisco. Colorado rookie Jeff Hoffman (4-0, 2.33) will look for his fifth straight victory. Matt Moore (2-7, 5.28) starts for the Giants.
Pirates: Are off Thursday and open a three-game home set with the Cubs on Friday. Trevor Williams (3-3, 5.13 ERA) faces Eddie Butler (3-2, 4.03) in the opener.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The successful three-year, around the world voyage of Hokulea will end this weekend. This is truly a triumph of both human, and Hawaiian spirit that deserves the great celebration she will receive.
As she circled the globe, Hokulea taught millions of people that the story of the Hawaiian people began by crossing thousands of miles of ocean, while European vessels still hugged the shoreline. It was ancient voyagers' intimate relationship with nature that made it possible.
Hokulea's voyage stands as a reminder that humans must respect and treasure nature as well.
The Polynesian voyaging society and its President Nainoa Thompson have accomplished what could only be imagined four decades ago, when waterman Eddie Aikau lost his life going for help when the Hokulea capsized in stormy seas.
Since that tragedy, Hokulea and the reawakening of Polynesian navigation have become symbolic of the Hawaiian cultural renaissance.
For many, the ceremony that welcomes home the voyaging canoe on Saturday will be a celebration of that renaissance as well.
Hawaii News Now will provide five hours of live coverage beginning at 7 Saturday morning. We are deeply honored to be part of the welcome home celebration.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT, the New England Patriots will attempt to claim the Super Bowl for the third time in four years, but underdogs the Philadelphia Eagles stand in the way of Tom Brady and co.
The spectacle kicks off at 11.30pm Irish time and, like every year, we've found dozens of places showing it live around the country if you plan to head out for the game.
(We realise the list is extremely Dublin-centric but that's because there are a large number of late bars in the capital hosting events.)
Dublin
The Odeon (Harcourt Street) – Hosted by the Dublin Rebels, in association with Coors Light and FM 104. Ticket are priced at €10 plus booking fee and you can get yours here.
Copper Face Jacks (Harcourt Street) - They're charging €10 in, which gives you admission to the club for the night. With limited amount of seated areas, book by emailing rory@copperfacejacks.ie or sending them a message on their social media channels.
The Woolshed Baa & Grill (Parnell Street) – The pre-game party starts at 8pm and it's free in.
Peadar Kearneys (Dame Street) – Free entry but you need to get there before midnight.
Dtwo (Harcourt Street) – Tickets are €10 at the door and to book tables call 01-4764694 or email rachel@dtwonightclub.com.
Captain America's (Grafton Street) – €5 admission and there are special offers on food and drinks. Email sarah@captainamericas.com for bookings.
Buskers On The Ball (Fleet Street) – No entrance fee and you can guarantee your spot by registering for tickets on Eventbrite.
Xico (Baggot Street) – Doors open at 8pm and you can book through their website to reserve an area.
Trinity Bar (Dame Street) - Situated right next to Central Bank, food served 'til 11pm.
The Bleeding Horse (Camden Street) – Drinks specials on the night.
McSorley's (Ranelagh) – No admission charge but get down early to claim your spot.
Rody Boland's (Rathmines) – Starts at 11pm and it's free entry.
River Bar (O'Connell Street Lower) – Trinity College Dublin American Football are throwing their party just beside O'Connell Bridge. Tickets are €10 and can be bought at River Bar or by contacting one of their members.
Harry's On the Green (South King Street) – Email info@harrysonthegreen.ie to make bookings.
Sinnott's Bar (South King Street) – The South Dublin Panthers will be there and it's free admission as usual.
The Living Room (Cathal Brugha Street) - Just off O'Connell Street, there are giant screens and no cover charge.
Adelphi (Middle Abbey Street) - No cover charge. Book a table by visiting their Facebook page.
Fibber Magees (Parnell Street) – Doors open 'til 3am and it's free in.
Jimmy Rabbitte's (Camden Street) - It's free in to the new spot, which hosts its first Super Bowl party.
McGowan's (Phibsborough) – There's no admission fee and you can book a table by emailing ciara@mcgowans.ie.
The Portobello (South Richmond Street) – Free in, but arrive early to get seats and avoid disappointment.
Kildare
The Court (Naas) – This event is organised by the South Kildare Soldiers. Online tickets are €10 and it's €15 in on the night. More info here.
Cork
East Villa Bar (Douglas) – The Cork Admirals have moved venue this year. It's free in and they're promising the biggest Super Bowl party in the Rebel County.
Limerick
Flannery's Bar (Upper Denmark Street) – Flannery's, the UL Vikings and Coors Light join forces again this year.
Galway
Garvey's Inn (Forster St) – The Galway Warriors are back at Garvey's Inn on Eyre Square. Tickets €12 plus booking from Eventbrite.
Westmeath
Annebrook House Hotel (Mullingar) – Bertys Bar is showing the game and you can make a night of it with rooms from €69 b&b or €34.50 per person.
Belfast
Wellington Park Hotel (Malone Road) – Hosted by the Belfast Trojans, tickets are £10 pre-sale or £15 on the night. There are also VIP options for groups of up to 20. Info here.
Stoker's Halt (Holywood) – No tickets requires for this Razorbacks Football event.
Armagh
The Seagoe Hotel (Portadown) – The Craigavon Cowboys are organising this one. £5 admission and £15 if you want to add entry to the beerpong tournament. Details here.
If you know of anywhere else hosting Super Bowl parties tell us in the comment section below or email ben@the42.ie and we'll add them in
The Crackup Comedy Festival will be paying tribute to the late Ottawa comedian Mike MacDonald by creating a local fund for comedian development.
The festival, which features a series of comedy shows from Monday until Saturday, will end with a grand finale at the Algonquin Commons Theatre. A portion of ticket sales from the finale will go towards the new fund.
“Helping comics here in Ottawa to grow their craft is something that Mike really supported. Five dollars from every ticket sold will establish this fund and help grow it,” said John Helmkay, organizer of the festival.
MacDonald died Saturday at the Ottawa Heart Institute after suffering heart complications. He was 63.
MacDonald was originally slated to feature at the event. Ryan Dennee will be taking his place.
Speaking with local comedians over the weekend, Helmkay said there was a great deal of sadness, but also appreciation for MacDonald's efforts to support comedy in Ottawa and bring attention to mental health.
Long known as one of Canada's top standup comics, MacDonald had battled drug addiction and bipolar disorder in his adult life. In recent years he worked these afflictions into some of his sketches.
“Mike was really one of the first comics to really come out with his struggle with bipolar disorder and addiction. He supported mental health through comedy.”
Helmkay said MacDonald had been looking forward to Wednesday night's event — the Crackup for Mental Health First Responders Fundraiser — because he felt strongly about his paying respects to first responders.
“He wanted to be there because he wanted to thank the first responder community for everything they did for him. So we're going to do that on his behalf that night,” Helmkay said.
Also starring at the festival is Colin Mochrie from Whose Line is it Anyway, the family of John Candy, Andrea Martin from SCTV and My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Patrick McKenna (Harold Green on The Red Green Show) and more.
Tickets for all of the Crackup Comedy Festival events can be purchased on Crackup's website.
Born in 1954, MacDonald and his family settled in Ottawa after his air force father retired. MacDonald attended Brookfield High School.
After working at an assortment of jobs, MacDonald began to frequent comedy clubs at the age of 24, developing his standup skills.
He went on to comedy fame, giving live performances all over North America. He was a regular at Just for Laughs Comedy Festival in Montreal and Yuk Yuk's. MacDonald was also a frequent guest on TV, including the David Letterman Show.
MacDonald filled out his résumé by writing and starring in many movies. He was also an accomplished drummer.
— With files from James Bagnall
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Cheltenham-Gloucester ‘super city' will be a cultural hub by 2050, according to industry experts in Gloucestershire.
At a panel event organised by GFirst LEP, a panel of five industry experts gave a deeper insight of what Gloucestershire may look like in 2050.
Vision 2050, which was launched in February, outlined plans to improve Gloucestershire in the future with a Cotswold Airport, Is a third Severn crossing connecting Lydney and Sharpness, and, of course, the idea of the ‘super city' among those floated.
The super city would see land between Cheltenham and Gloucester built on in order to form one large urban hub.
Hollie Smith-Charles, director of the Gloucester Culture Trust, was one of the speakers at the event and highlighted the need to improve the cultural offerings in Gloucestershire.
She said: “In Gloucester, where I am based, we are soaking up as much as we can from what has been done elsewhere.
“We're looking at Hull, which has just been city of culture, and Coventry, which has just won city of culture.
“There are specific guidelines and criteria that you have to fill in for that scheme.
“It is a very exciting scheme and we are thinking about whether it is something we want to get serious about.
“But, regardless of that particular thing, I think there are many ways that the whole of Gloucestershire can get better as a place of culture.
“If you look at Cheltenham and Gloucester, there are complimentary offers and the two areas can work together to do that, that is already happening.
“If Gloucestershire is recognised as a great place to either watch, take part in or create culture – that is good for everybody regardless of where it happens in the county.”
Roger Mortlock, chief executive of Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust, Jason Smith, chief executive of Marketing Gloucester and Jenny Raymond, partner at Harrison Clark Rickerbys, also spoke at the event.
Mrs Smith-Charles added: “Cheltenham is obviously very well-regarded for festivals and Gloucester has been investing in them for years.
“There are festivals that happen in Gloucester that can only happen there, like the Tall Ships and the History Festival.
“I don't see it as an ‘us and them', ‘Cheltenham and Gloucester', thing.
“I just see it as a way of making the county as a whole more distinctive and attractive to people that might want to come here.”
One of the problems that has left to Vision 2050 being set up is the talent train with young people leaving the county every year. Some 400 young people leave the county every year, and, in contrast, Bristol gains 4,000 every year.
Mrs Smith-Charles believes that improving the culture of Gloucestershire can help retain young people.
She said: “If we want to attract more young people, there needs to be an offer.
“Yes there needs to be jobs and affordable housing but, actually, how do you make places distinctive.
“That is the real value that culture can bring.
“Taking part, visiting or being an audience member in a theatre show takes you out of that norm and I think that is one of the reasons young people like cities.
“There is no reason that Gloucester, Cheltenham and the rest of the county cannot offer that.
“Gloucestershire does not stand out at the moment as somewhere that you can come and have that experience.
“That is where culture can really add to the future development.”
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Market Scenario:
According to market research future, the market segmentation of next-generation memory market can be into product, application and region.
The next generation memory market has grown over the last few years because of the increasing demand for faster, efficient and cost effective memory solutions. These new generation memory solutions are used across various verticals. Nowadays, smart chips are used for storage instead of hard drives.
The new memory storage solutions are cost effective and provide faster memory solutions whereas older memory technologies have limitations because of their outdated architecture and higher power consumption. The new advanced technologies provide high data transmission speed and high storage capacity.
Power efficiency, intrinsic benefit with non-volatile memories, high growth in the wearable electronics industry, technological advancements for storage, rise in the usage of Next Generation Memory In Smart Market phones, increasing adoption of MRAM & PCM memory and enterprise storage are the factors propelling the growth of the next-generation memory market.
Whereas, high cost, intense competition, low stability and storage issues are hindering the overall growth of the market. Various firms are investing large amounts in technological advancements for storage purposes.
Major Key Players:
Toshiba Corporation (Japan)
SK Hynix Semiconducto, Inc. (South Korea)
Adesto Technologies Corporation, Inc. (U.S.)
Fujitsu Ltd. (Japan)
IBM Corporation (U.S.)
SanDisk Corporation (U.S.)
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (South Korea)
Intel Corporation (U.S.)
Micron Technology, Inc.
Request a Copy of Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2448
Regional Analysis:
Regionally, North America accounted for the largest market share, majorly due to high investments for technologically advanced products and increasing adoption of MRAM, DRAM and PCM memory.
Asia-Pacific is expected to grow over the forecast period, 2017-2022 majorly due to increasing demand for smart phones and tablets and manufacturing hub for wearable electronics.
Study Objectives of Global Next-generation Memory Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the global Next-generation Memory market.
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To analyze the global Next-generation Memory market based porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by product, application and region.
Segments:
For the purpose of this study, Market Research Future has segmented the market of next-generation memory market into product, application and region.
By Product- Nonvolatile Memories:
Phase Change Memory (PCM)
Magneto-Resistive Random Access Memory (MRAM)
Resistive Random Access Memory (Re RAM)
Ferroelectric RAM (FeRAM)
Volatile Memories:
Static Random Access Memory (SRAM)
Dynamic Random Access Memory (DRAM
By Application- 1 Consumer Electronics:
Mobile Phones
Tablets
Laptops
Ipods
Others
North-America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/next-generation-memory-market-2448
Intended Audience:
Manufacturers
Distributors
Research firms
Consultancy firms
Software Developers
Vendors
Semiconductor Manufacturers
Stakeholders
End-user sectors
Technology Investors
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
By Samantha Paine
Editor-in-chief
With the upcoming Super Bowl holding the possibility of being a game that makes history, students all over campus are preparing themselves for the big day.
Considering Kutztown's close relation to Philadelphia, many have been sporting their Eagles gear all week in support. Along with this, students have been making plans for the weekend, deciding where they are going to watch and what groups they'll be watching with.
Madison Hayes, 20, a junior from Camden County, N.J., plans to head to Philadelphia to tailgate and watch the game in the city. “I live and breathe for the Eagles,” Hayes said. She also added that she's optimistic about the outcome of the game for her team. “I'm going to the parade a couple days after the Super Bowl,” she said.
Some have even gone as far as decorating their workspaces. “The department chair (Cara Cotellese) is a fan of the Eagles, and she wanted to decorate (the lobby) in support of the Eagles,” said Melissa Lincoln, secretary for the department of cinema, television, and media production.
Others are looking forward to the possibility of another Patriots win. Colin Gavin, a junior from East Stroudsburg, Pa., said, “I feel blessed and spoiled watching my favorite team play in the super bowl once again. The talent level on this year's Pat's team lacks in comparison to past Super Bowl teams, but under Brady & Belichick, you can never count out the importance of scheme, preparation and experience.”
Of course, there are always those who are less concerned with football, and more excited about the bounty of snacks present at Super Bowl parties. Ashley Collischan, a 19-year-old sophomore majoring in social work, said she didn't have a routing interest, but was looking forward to the festivities, nonetheless. “Really, I'm just going to a Super Bowl party for the food,” Collischan said. “My friends are huge fans though.”
Regardless of what fandom students are a part of—Patriots, Eagles, or hot wings—there is a resounding excitement on campus as the final hours pass before Sunday evening.
Keystone writers Kyle Krajewski, Kaylee Lindenmuth, Jade Wolfe and Grace Wein contributed to this story.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt out if you wish. Accept
How do you make a movie about stagnation? A movie that doesn't just tell you a story about someone wasting away, but that seems to embody a state of physical and moral decay for nearly two hours?
It may not sound like a glowing recommendation, but Lucrecia Martel has made such a movie with Zama, her feverishly brilliant adaptation of Antonio di Benedetto's 1956 novel of the same title. This is one of the most atmospheric and transporting films I've seen all year, and also one of the best.
Di Benedetto's novel tells the tragicomic story of Don Diego de Zama, an official of the Spanish crown stationed at a remote outpost along the Paraguay River. He was born in the New World but serves the Old, an empire in which he has never once set foot.
The year is 1790, and Zama, bored, frustrated and separated from his wife and children, hopes for a transfer to Buenos Aires, where he's certain he will find greater purpose and prosperity. The book, narrated by Zama himself, is a bitterly ironic account of pride, pettiness and self-pity, a devastating critique of European colonialism from the inside.
Zama the movie is remarkably faithful to the book's spirit. Played in a superbly weary, bone-dry performance by Daniel Giménez Cacho, Don Diego de Zama is very much a figure of mockery, but his slowly dawning awareness of his own futility is not without a certain pathos.
In the opening shot, we see him standing alone on a beach, wearing a sword and a tricorn hat, and striking a ridiculous, would-be heroic pose. The rest of the movie will slowly lay waste to his delusions of grandeur.
The first half plays like a comedy of bureaucratic errors by way of Samuel Beckett, as Zama repeatedly pleads with his superior to write a letter to the king and obtain approval of his transfer. Apart from his occasional duties as a magistrate, Zama mostly just waits and waits, and every scene seems to compound the indignity of his existence.
He is forever being ignored by his superiors, thwarted by his colleagues and rebuffed by a noblewoman, Luciana, whom he hopelessly lusts after. She's played by Lola Dueñas, known for her work with Pedro Almodóvar, who is credited as one of the film's producers.
No one, however, is likely to mistake Zama for an Almodóvar movie. Martel has little use for straightforward narrative. Her style is immersive yet disorienting: Rather than neatly sorting out the characters' relationships or cutting from one plot point to the next, she creates a highly specific, intricate world that demands and rewards your close attention.
Surrender to this movie and you might find yourself held rapt by the sheer intensity of Martel's filmmaking. Her sensuous camerawork and wild, teeming sound design, alive with the noises of buzzing insects and screeching birds, conjure an air of stifling humidity. The physical world here is palpably present, and completely indifferent to men like Zama and their arrogant attempts to tame it into submission.
Martel's previous films, which include The Holy Girl and The Headless Woman, have been sly satires of bourgeois privilege, and her sense of class rage makes her a natural fit for di Benedetto's anti-imperialist takedown. Whereas so many screen adaptations of first-person narratives tend to lose their focus, Martel ingeniously forges her own point of view.
She doesn't just march Zama through a series of humiliations. She strategically undermines his position in every shot, often placing him off to the side or dwarfing him visually. Barely a scene goes by in which we aren't made aware of the indigenous slaves employed by Zama and his cohorts, going about their business in the background or foreground, looking on in judgmental silence.
These visual strategies may seem odd at first, but they have a real sense of purpose. In refusing to make Zama the center of the frame, the movie reminds us that this man, whatever he may think, is not the hero of his own story.
That becomes increasingly apparent in the movie's second half, as the desperate and disenfranchised Zama ventures into the swampy wilderness, joining a dangerous mission to capture an enemy of the empire.
The story ends as it must, in a whirlwind of violence, and Martel's precisely controlled imagery turns rapturous, almost in spite of itself. It's a terrifying vision worthy of Werner Herzog and Joseph Conrad. The grand dream of human conquest becomes a nightmarish descent into madness.
* SBI merged 5 subsidiary banks with itself effective April 1
* Chairman says already taken extra provisions for bad loans
* SBI merger seen kicking off consolidation of Indian state banks (Adds management comments, details of plans)
By Devidutta Tripathy
MUMBAI, April 3 State Bank of India, the nation's top lender by assets, expects no nasty surprises on bad loans after merging five subsidiary banks with itself at the weekend in a deal that will help it save costs and gain scale, senior executives said.
The government-driven move to merge State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur, State Bank of Hyderabad, State Bank of Mysore, State Bank of Patiala and State Bank of Travancore with SBI, which already owned majority stakes in the units, is seen as the beginning of consolidation in India's public sector banks.
SBI also took over Bharatiya Mahila Bank, a niche lender to women, as regulators aim to strengthen the sector with fewer but better-capitalised lenders at a time when Indian banks are battling record bad loans and need billions of dollars in new capital.
The merger will catapult SBI to the league of the top 50 global banks by assets, the lender said, with a far bigger presence in all corners of the country, with some 24,000 branches and 370 million customers.
The bank will relocate some 1,800 branches to better utilise resources, go slow on opening new branches and shuffle staff in a bid to save costs, said its Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya and other senior executives at a news conference on Monday. The more than 200-year-old bank has also begun a voluntary retirement scheme to rationalise its headcount.
Bhattacharya took the helm of the parent bank in late 2013 and has since surprised the market by managing bad loans better than its state-run peers, who together account for bulk of India's $149 billion soured assets.
She sought to assure investors at the conference that there will be no nasty surprises on bad loans going forward. The subsidiaries have a higher bad-loan ratio than the parent.
SBI started preparing early, and has made additional provisions of about 86 billion rupees ($1.3 billion) over and above what it needed to make after the asset quality review ordered by the Reserve Bank of India, Bhattacharya said.
"To that extent we are very well-positioned for taking the merged group forward," she said.
After it reports annual results in May, SBI will set some "quantitative goals" including the absolute savings they can achieve for the merged group, Bhattacharya said.
The banks aim to merge all their databases by May 27, while a complete integration will happen in the June quarter, senior executives said. (Additional reporting by Swati Bhat; Editing by Euan Rocha and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Cara Pressman sobbed in the big red chair in her living room. The 15-year-old tried to absorb the devastating news relayed by her parents: that their insurance company, Aetna, denied her for a minimally invasive brain surgery that could end the seizures that have haunted her since she was 9 years old.
“When my parents told me, I went kind of blank and started crying,” she said. “I cried for like an hour.”
Her friends had been lined up to visit her in the hospital for the surgery three days away, on Monday, October 23. Between tears, she texted them that the whole thing was off.
This 15-year-old wept as her parents told her their insurance company denied her for minimally invasive brain surgery that could end her seizures https://t.co/v7D5jFlob4 pic.twitter.com/J5OsF5X0qQ — CNN (@CNN) December 11, 2017
It was supposed to be a joyous weekend. Cara's grandparents had come to town to celebrate their 90th birthdays, a jubilant party with more than 100 family and friends crowding her home. The party did go on — just with a lot more stress.
Cara had multiple complex partial seizures that weekend. When the seizures strike, her body gets cold and shakes, and she zones out for anywhere from 20 seconds to two minutes, typically still aware of her surroundings. Her seizures can be triggered by stress, by being happy, by exerting herself — almost anything. “It's like having a nightmare but while you're awake,” she said.
In the six weeks since the denial, Cara has had more than two dozen seizures affecting her everyday life. Her message to Aetna is blunt: “Considering they're denying me getting surgery and stopping this thing that's wrong with my brain, I would probably just say, ‘Screw you.' ”
Aetna: We're looking out for what's best for patients
The Pressman family and, separately, Jennifer Rittereiser, a 44-year-old mom who has struggled with seizures since she was 10, approached CNN in recent weeks after they were both denied, by Aetna, for laser ablation surgery, a minimally invasive procedure in which a thin laser is used to heat and destroy lesions in the brain where the seizures are originating. Aetna is the third-largest health insurance provider in the country, providing medical coverage to 23.1 million people.
Neurologists consider laser ablation, which is performed through a small hole in the skull, to be safer and more precise than traditional brain surgery, where the top portion of the skull is removed in order for doctors to operate. The procedure is less daunting for the patient and parents who make decisions for their children: No one likes the idea of a skull opened and a chunk of brain removed.
In denying Cara her surgery, Aetna said it considers laser ablation surgery “experimental and investigational for the treatment of epilepsy because the effectiveness of this approach has not been established.”
“Clinical studies have not proven that these procedures effective for treatment of the member's condition,” Aetna wrote in its rejection letter.
The insurance company did approve her for the more invasive and more expensive open brain surgery, called a temporal lobectomy, even though her medical team never sought approval for the procedure.
The laser surgery is approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is widely recognized within the epilepsy community as an effective treatment alternative to open brain surgery, especially when the location of seizure activity can be pinpointed to a specific part of the brain.
Dr. Jamie Van Gompel, a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic, disputes Aetna's assessment. He is not involved in Cara's care nor Rittereiser's treatment, but he said Aetna's assessment is wrong.
“I would not call it experimental at all,” said Van Gompel, who is leading a clinical trial on the surgery at Mayo as part of a larger national study. “It's definitely not an experimental procedure. There've been thousands of patients treated with it. It's FDA-approved. There's a lot of data out there to suggest it's effective for epilepsy.”
Van Gompel said a temporal lobectomy carries a much higher risk of serious complications, including the possibility of death. “It's a big jump to go to a big invasive procedure,” he said.
Recovery time after open brain surgery can range from six to 12 weeks. By contrast, a patient who undergoes laser ablation can be back to work or at school in less than two weeks. The pain from laser surgery is much less, and extreme headaches are fewer than with open brain surgery, Van Gompel said.
While laser ablation has not yet undergone large randomized controlled trials, Van Gompel said existing data shows it's effective more than 50% of the time. He hopes the current clinical trial will show a success rate of 60% to 70% or better in epilepsy patients. Temporal lobectomies, he said, have a slightly better rate, of more than 70%.
Pressed by CNN for a better explanation on its denial, Aetna stood by its rejection for Cara and Rittereiser, saying it was in the best interest of the patients. But the language was softened slightly.
“Clinical effectiveness and our members' safety are the primary criteria we use in determining whether a treatment or service is medically necessary,” Aetna said. “There is currently a limited amount of evidence-based, clinical studies related to laser ablation surgery. As noted by the Epilepsy Foundation, only studies with a very small number of participants have been used to report the effectiveness of this procedure. We consistently evaluate any new studies or additional evidence when developing our clinical policy bulletins, and will continue to do so for this procedure.”
Contacted for reaction, the Epilepsy Foundation strongly objected to Aetna's remarks, saying the insurance company took its information out of context. Laser ablation surgery “has emerged as a new minimally invasive surgical option that is best suited for patients with symptomatic localization-related epilepsy,” said Dr. Jacqueline French, the chief science officer with the Epilepsy Foundation.
“This technology is much less invasive than the alternative, which involves removing a sizeable piece of brain, at a substantially higher monetary and personal cost,” French said. “This path should be available, if the treating epilepsy physician has recommended it, without delay or barriers.”
Phil Gattone, the president and CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation, said insurance denials and other barriers to treatment have become a common battle for thousands of Americans with seizure disorders.
Gattone knows first-hand the pain of what Cara's parents are going through. His own son began having seizures when he was 4 and underwent brain surgery in the early 1990s. “It was extremely challenging for our family to make a decision to remove part of our child's skull and brain for a surgery that we hoped would end the devastation of seizures that were stopping his development,” Gattone said. “We took this leap of faith and made the decision, and it worked out the best for him.”
But he added that he and his wife wished laser ablation surgery had been available back then. The device used for laser ablation surgery was approved by the FDA nine years ago. “I know that my wife and I would've found much more comfort if we had had (laser ablation) as an option,” he said.
Gattone said people with seizures, their caregivers and their doctors should not be “spending critical time in the midst of a health-care crisis, filing paperwork, making appeals or otherwise going through the motions of administrative paperwork” trying to get approval for a life-changing operation.
“The Epilepsy Foundation can understand no reason why an insurance company would place any barrier to delay a treatment that may save an individual's life, promote the development of the young child's brain or bring about seizure control,” Gattone said.
Mom who crashed with kid in car gets denied
Jennifer Rittereiser lost consciousness behind the wheel of her silver SUV while driving with her 7-year-old son, Robert, in April. Her SUV rammed into a car in front of her and struck it again before veering into oncoming traffic. Her vehicle careened down an embankment, flipped over and came to rest on its side amid a tangle of brush. She narrowly missed slamming into a guardrail and several trees.
Mom and son somehow managed to walk free unharmed.
“People were amazed,” she said. “They had a helicopter on the way, actually. I am extremely fortunate just from that sense.”
Rittereiser has battled seizures since she was 10 and has been able to function with an array of medications in the three decades since. For much of her life, she could tell when the seizures might come.
These weren't like the seizures depicted in Hollywood movies; she wouldn't fall to the ground and writhe. She would zone out for a spell. She could understand people and could still function but couldn't speak back — or if she did, her words were garbled.
As an executive in the health care industry, Rittereiser has fallen asleep during meetings. When she senses a seizure coming, she rushes to the bathroom to hide until they go away. One time, she says she urinated on herself at her desk without realizing it.
Rittereiser had a crash in 2014 in which she rear-ended a car after she had a seizure. No one was hurt in that crash, but she stopped driving for more than a year. Her medications were tweaked, and her seizures were largely kept in check, until the crash this April.
She was soon evaluated by an array of doctors and recommended for laser ablation surgery. After 34 years of struggling with seizures, she thought her ordeal might finally come to an end. Surgery was set for June 16.
But in late May, Aetna denied the surgery. She fought Aetna's decision through a lengthy appeals process. Aetna refused to budge.
“It's just not right,” Rittereiser said.
She said she recently went to Aetna's website to look up the company's values. She felt nauseated. “Everything in their core values is not being shown in the way I'm being treated. They're talking about promoting wellness and health and ‘being by your side.' ”
She paused, contemplating the company's “by your side” catchphrase, saying it's “the most ridiculous thing, because they are the biggest barrier to my success and my well-being going forward.
“It drives me crazy.”
Dad: ‘You get so angry'
Julie Pressman stood near an elevator at her doctor's office when word came that Cara's surgery had been denied. The mom fell to the floor and wept.
She called Cara's father, Robert. He was at the airport picking up his 90-year-old parents for their birthday party. Mom and Dad rallied for their daughter and gathered strength to break the news. That's when Cara sat in the red chair, crying inconsolably.
“Telling Cara was horrible,” her mom said. “Horrible.”
“It's just so frustrating for us to know there's a solution out there — a way to fix our daughter — and some bureaucratic machine is preventing this from happening,” Robert Pressman said. “You get so angry, but you don't know who to take it out on, because there's no particular person that's doing it. It's this big bureaucracy that's preventing this from happening.”
Julie and Robert said the most beautiful day of their lives came on August 20, 2002, when Cara popped into the world and met her 2-year-old sister, Lindsey, for the first time. “That was the day we became a family,” Julie said. “Our love for those girls is amazing. How we got this lucky is beyond us.”
But that luck has been tested. When Cara was 9, she'd complained of extreme headaches for much of the day one evening, and then in the middle of the night, she began seizing uncontrollably. The family had two black Labradors that had gone to her room and barked like crazy to alert her parents. Cara had bitten her tongue, and blood was running down her face when they got to the room.
It was a terrifying scene. She was rushed off in an ambulance and underwent a battery of tests. Mom, Dad and Cara never thought they'd still be battling seizures six years later — let alone an insurance company. She's had seizures on the soccer field, during softball games, on stage during plays, in the classroom. Almost everywhere.
How does she envision a life without seizures?
“I don't know,” she said. “I've never had a life without seizures.”
“You will. You will,” her dad told her.
“I just don't know when,” she responded.
Mom: “It will happen, kiddo.”
Her mother calls Cara a feisty, petite powerhouse with big marble eyes and long eyelashes and a funny wit to match. She's a naturally gifted athlete, singer and dancer, but her parents feel that her seizures have kept her from reaching her full potential.
They long for the day when the seizures are gone. The parents said they have paid $24,000 for insurance with Aetna this year. They're determined to get Cara laser ablation surgery with or without the insurance company's help. They will appeal Aetna's latest rejection — but they're not optimistic.
In preparation, they've begun exploring raiding their retirement funds to pay the $300,000 out of pocket. “Cara is worth every penny, but man,” her mom said. ” ‘Screw Aetna,' indeed, to quote my kid.”
A dog taking a walk in the desert in the Anthem area got a nasty surprise Friday morning when he was attacked by a rattlesnake!
Scroll for more content...
Paula Godwin says she and her dogs were out hiking near Seventh Street and Carefree Highway when she almost stepped on a rattlesnake.
But it was her golden retriever "Todd" to the rescue!
"My hero of a puppy Todd saved me," she wrote on Facebook. "He jumped right in front of my leg."
Unfortunately, the snake bit the dog, right in the face! Ouch!
As you can see from the photos, the poor pup's face was very swollen.
But luckily, he's going to be OK.
Goodwin took him to Anthem Animal Hospital where they treated his bite and gave him some much-needed TLC!
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Dispelling the assumption that builds on narrow blocks fail to embody space and openness, Maxim Homes' Sandgate display takes the conventional qualities of the classic family home to another level.
“The home has been built on a narrow 10m-wide lot,” Maxim Homes Director James Tribe said. “Most visitors are surprised when they hear this, as it looks and feels anything but narrow.”
Opting for a clean, architectural elevation over a traditional look, the Sandgate exemplifies its creative wow factor from the street.
“The colour scheme was based on earthy tones and captured best with the raw stone cladding applied to the blade feature wall,” Mr Tribe said.
To the rear of the home, the spacious designer master suite offers an abundance of room for privacy and relaxation.
If you are looking for easy access to the backyard from the master suite, sliding doors make this no chore.
“The master suite provides adequate separation from the remaining bedrooms,” Mr Tribe said.
Make cosy movie nights in the company of family or friends a regular treat in the comfort of the spacious home theatre, selfcontained towards the front of the home.
“The location of the theatre is ideal for families, as it's located close the main living areas, however, it is adequately separated to provide privacy,” Mr Tribe said. “The location is ideal for bedrooms two and three and it lends itself to becoming a fourth bedroom for larger families.”
Featuring stone benchtops and a 900mmwide oven, cooktop and integrated rangehood, the kitchen awaits the company of any aspiring chef.
“The kitchen has been positioned to sit off to the side of the living and dining areas, with a full-width window as the splashback, so there is natural light coming in both sides of the main living areas,” Mr Tribe said.
In order to eliminate unused space, you will find the laundry accessible directly through the kitchen via a cavity sliding door.
Should you wish to entertain outdoors, the Sandgate has you covered with composite decking installed at the same height as the floor level of the home.
“The alfresco is accessed through a double-stacker door system, as we wanted this space to feel like it was part of the dining area,” Mr Tribe said.
Back inside, 31-course ceilings to each of the living areas creates a sense of space, whilst mirrored sliding robes in each of the minor bedrooms leave no room for disappointment.
“The Sandgate is a home designed and priced to suit a wide demographic of buyers, be they first homebuyers, young families or people looking to downsize,” Mr Tribe said.
The Sandgate is open for viewing Mondays and Wednesdays from 2-5pm and Saturdays and Sundays from 1-5pm.
KNOXVILLE, Iowa (AP) - An Iowa man is seeking to overturn a civil judgment finding him responsible for killing his mother, arguing Wednesday that new evidence suggests another suspect shot her during a farmhouse robbery.
At an unusual civil trial in December, jurors held Jason Carter responsible for Shirley Carter's 2015 shooting death and ordered him to pay $10 million in damages to her estate.
Jason Carter had argued that his father, Bill, was likely responsible for shooting the woman in the kitchen of their rural Lacona home. But jurors sided with Bill Carter, who had filed the wrongful death lawsuit seeking to hold his son responsible after a criminal investigation into the death appeared to stall.
Bill Carter's lawyers argued that Jason Carter killed his mother after she discovered he was having an extramarital affair and he worried he would be cut out of his parents' will. After the civil verdict, prosecutors charged Jason Carter with first-degree murder. He has pleaded not guilty and is awaiting trial, which his legal team is seeking to move out of Marion County due to pre-trial publicity that included a February segment on "Dateline NBC."
In court papers filed Wednesday, Jason Carter's attorneys say prosecutors recently turned over investigative materials that show multiple informants told police that two brothers were trying to burglarize Shirley Carter's home to steal prescription drugs when one of them shot her.
They say this evidence suggests Jason Carter is innocent and the civil trial would have resulted in a different outcome had it been available. Their filing asked a judge to either rule that Jason Carter is not responsible for the death based on the new information, or to at least grant a new trial where he can present it to jurors.
Mark Weinhardt, an attorney for Bill Carter, said his legal team had long been aware of the other suspects from early in the investigation but said they were discounted as possibilities based on "a complex analysis of lots of factors." He said he would oppose new proceedings based on the information.
"There is nothing of substance new to our side in this motion," he said. He added that his client remains certain that his son is responsible for Shirley Carter's death, "and so do we."
US Senate Democrats today asked the Federal Communications Commission to protect consumers from ringless voicemails, which let robocallers leave voicemails without ringing your phone.
The Republican National Committee (RNC), which is already using ringless voicemails, recently asked the FCC to approve a petition filed by a marketing company that sells direct-to-voicemail services. Approving the petition would exempt ringless voicemails from the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) and allow marketers and others to use the technology without complying with anti-robocall rules. Further Reading Republicans claim 1st Amendment right to send you robo-voicemails
This is a horrible idea, Democrats said.
"Should this petition be granted, telemarketers, debt collectors, and other callers could bombard Americans with unwanted voicemails, leaving consumers with no way to block or stop these intrusive messages," they wrote.
The letter to FCC Chairman Ajit Pai was signed by Senators Edward Markey (D-Mass.), Richard Blumenthal (D–Conn.), Patrick Leahy (D–Vt.), Jeffrey Merkley (D-Ore.), Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), Robert Menendez (D-N.J.), Al Franken (D-Minn.), Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), and Maggie Hassan (D-N.H.).
The senators continued:
Exempting ringless voicemails from the TCPA's autodialer protections would allow callers to overwhelm consumers with ringless voice messages without first receiving express consumer consent. Further, consumers would have no way to stop callers from sending ringless voice messages, and callers would have no limits on the quantity or duration of these messages. The Do Not Call List may not apply, and consumers would be flooded with unwanted voicemails, with little recourse other than sifting through their inboxes and deleting these unwanted communications.
Congress's goal when it passed the TCPA in 1991 was to protect Americans from intrusive and unsolicited messages regardless of the technology used, the senators wrote. "While technology has changed, that key goal has not," they wrote. "Whether by robocall, by robotext, or by ringless voicemail, consumers should have meaningful control over who can and cannot contact their mobile device."
Republicans claim First Amendment right
The RNC claimed that it has a First Amendment right to use ringless voicemails to solicit donations and inform voters about political and governmental issues. An FCC finding against the petition "would not only restrict an important form of non-intrusive communication; it would have serious consequences for the First Amendment rights of those engaged in political communication via telephone," the RNC told the FCC.
Pai has not taken a position on the ringless voicemail petition, but he has promised to take action against robocalls generally. The FCC said it would accept public comments on the petition until June 2, though people are still commenting about the plan on the docket. There is no set timeline for when the FCC has to make a ruling.
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, right, celebrates scoring his side's second goal of the game with Roberto Firmino against Roma during their Champions League, Semifinal first leg soccer match at Anfield, Liverpool, England, Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Peter Byrne/PA via AP)
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, right, celebrates scoring his side's second goal of the game with Roberto Firmino against Roma during their Champions League, Semifinal first leg soccer match at Anfield, Liverpool, England, Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Peter Byrne/PA via AP)
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) - Mohamed Salah looked to the ground and held up his hands, almost apologizing for the sheer beauty of his goals.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp laughed to himself in incredulity. Roma's players, former teammates of Salah, were shellshocked. Anfield rocked in jubilation.
In the latest virtuoso performance of his stunning first season at Liverpool, Salah produced two world-class finishes in the first half then set up further goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino to help his team into a scarcely believable five-goal lead in the Champions League semifinals. Then he handed his old club a lifeline - by leaving the pitch.
After Salah was substituted in the 75th minute, Roma seized the initiative and scored two late goals to escape from Anfield with a 5-2 loss from the first leg on Tuesday.
The Italian side has already shown in this season's competition that a three-goal deficit can be overcome. Just two weeks ago, Roma beat Lionel Messi's Barcelona 3-0 in the Stadio Olimpico to advance from the quarterfinals on away goals.
Liverpool has been warned ahead of next week's second leg.
"The tie is not over, we have already proven that against Barcelona," Roma coach Eusebio Di Francesco said. "Whoever doesn't believe in a comeback should stay home. That applies to the fans in the stands as well."
There was a strange atmosphere after the final whistle of one of the most extraordinary Champions League matches. Liverpool had just become the first team in 23 years to score five goals in one leg of a semifinal, yet its players left the field thinking it was an opportunity lost.
Roma's fans, meanwhile, sang loudly and proudly long after the final whistle. They had been given unlikely hope.
"We have to work again in Rome now, that is no problem," Klopp said. "There would have been work if we had won 5-0."
It is still in Liverpool's hands, though. Especially with Salah in the team.
The Egypt forward's display was as exquisite as Roma's defending was naive, with his two goals moving him on to 43 goals for the season in all competitions. Salah won English soccer's Player of the Year award on Sunday and, at this rate, the Ballon D'Or could be his next year.
His first goal came after Roma striker Edin Dzeko gave up possession cheaply in Liverpool's half. The ball made its way to Salah, who cut inside from the right edge of the penalty area and curled a shot in off the crossbar, near to the post. It couldn't have been placed any better.
If that was a typical Salah finish from his first half of the season, his second goal was a replica of a couple of his more recent strikes. Firmino timed his through ball perfectly and Salah outpaced Juan Jesus before applying a dinked finish over goalkeeper Alisson, just like he did to eliminate Manchester City in the quarterfinals.
"Outstanding, pretty much undefendable," Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said of Salah, who he signed from Roma for 42 million euros (then $47 million) in June. "He is playing a season that is not normal."
Salah didn't celebrate either of his goals, out of respect for his former teammates, but he made them suffer by setting up goals for the other members of Liverpool's devastating forward line.
Taking advantage of Roma's recklessly high defensive line, Salah provided right-wing crosses for Mane and Firmino to score almost identical, close-range goals in the 56th and 61st minutes, respectively. Salah, Firmino and Mane have now scored 28 goals between them in this season's Champions League - more than every other team that has taken part in the competition.
When Firmino glanced home a header from James Milner's corner in the 69th to make it 5-0, Liverpool had scored five goals in 33 minutes either side of halftime and Roma's players were on the floor - literally in the case of its distressed goalkeeper, Alisson. The semifinal looked over with 110 minutes remaining.
However, Klopp took off Salah in the 75th minute and Roma suddenly began to swarm all over the home side, outshooting them eight to one in the final 15 minutes.
Two of them resulted in goals. Dzeko chested down a long pass to slot a low finish inside the near post in the 81st and when Milner handled a shot from Radja Nainggolan, Diego Perotti converted the penalty in the 89th.
"If anyone wants to say it is my mistake we conceded the two goals because I change the striker, I have no problem with that," Klopp said. "We did not prepare our passes and he (Salah) was running all the time and it would not have helped us if he gets an injury."
A three-goal deficit will not scare Roma's players after what happened against Barcelona. Yet it is highly unlikely that Liverpool, the master of the counterattack, will fail to score against a side that has to take chances going forward
"If any of my players think Roma doesn't have enough to come back, they will not play," Klopp said.
Bayern Munich plays Real Madrid in the other semifinal, with the first leg in Germany on Wednesday.
___
More AP Champions League soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/ChampionsLeague
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
[India], Dec 12 (ANI): The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday expressed serious concern over the high rate of crime and low conviction rate in Tripura.
Quoting the recently released data of National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB), BJP Mohila Morcha president Vijaya Rahatkar said Tripura, which has a very small population in comparison to other big states, has the highest crime rate against women in the country.
Rahatkar said, "Though according to the report published by the National Crime Records Bureau 2016 - in crime against women Tripura stands at 14 but in comparison to the small population the crime rate is very high, which is a matter of concern."
Scoffing at the Left Front Government, she said that the state records for the lowest national conviction rate and the prime reason behind it is that the ruling Left Front. The BJP women cell president said, "In Marxist ruled Tripura which has only 24 percent conviction rate is the lowest in the country is in fact encouraging crime and a matter of worry." According to reports, Mizoram has the highest conviction rate with 88 per cent, Meghalaya and Manipur finished second and third respectively. Even Nagaland and Sikkim were ahead of Tripura with 42 and 36 per cent. (ANI)
Consumers returned to embattled department stores to shop for clothing and shoes in May as the weather turned colder.
Seasonally adjusted retail spending rose 0.4 per cent to $26.674 billion in May, ahead of market expectations of a 0.3 per cent increase.
Department stores recorded the strongest increase in spending of any sector for the month, up 3.9 per cent compared with a 0.9 per cent drop in April, according to Australian Bureau of Statistics data.
Clothing, footwear and personal accessories spending also lifted, up 2.2 per cent in May, compared with a 0.8 per cent fall the preceding month.
ABS director of quarterly economy-wide surveys Ben James said department stores spending led the sector's gains.
“There was also a strong result in clothing, footwear and personal accessories,” Mr James said.
“Both industries were able to rebound after unusually warm weather impacted April sales.”
Major department stores chains, including David Jones and Myer have struggled to entice shoppers in recent years in the face of tough competition from online sellers and international retailers, such as Zara, that have set up shop in Australia.
JPMorgan economist Ben Jarman said the increase in clothing sales was surprising as there had been reports of a slow start to winter sales.
However, he noted the change came after a string of weak sales results for the sector.
AMP Capital senior economist Diana Mousina said she does not expect the improvement in spending across department stores and clothing to continue.
“Department store retailing has been on a downtrend for years due to intense competition,” Ms Mousina said in a research note.
Food spending rose 0.3 per cent in May, following a similar performance in April.
Mr Jarman said spending on household goods, other retailing — which includes recreational and cosmetics goods — and cafes and restaurants was disappointing.
“Spending at cafes/restaurants has slowed pretty significantly over the past six months, revealing the pinch on discretionary spending being imposed by tighter financial conditions,” he said.
Household goods spending rose 0.1 per cent, other retail spending fell 0.1 per cent, while spending on dining out slipped one per cent.
The retail spending figure for April was revised to 0.5 per cent from the initial 0.4 per cent gain reported by the ABS last month.
The ABS also released international goods and services figures on Wednesday.
Australia's trade surplus widened to $827 million in May, from $472 million the previous month, as a 4 per cent increase in exports outpaced a 3 per cent rise in imports.
The result for May was short of market expectations of a $1.2 billion trade surplus, however.
The Australian dollar rose on the retail spending news, up from US73.95¢ immediately before the data release to be trading at US74.03¢ at 2.10pm
AAP
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TACOMA, Wash. - An employee who was fired from a Washington State Walmart for allegedly trying to steal a safe returned to the store days later to try to retrieve what he had left in the safe - his drugs, according to the Pierce County Sheriff's Department.
"On Sunday morning the fired employee called the Walmart store and said that he was coming in to pick up a safe that he 'forgot' at the store," the sheriff's department said in a report on its Facebook page. "Thinking this was suspicious, loss prevention employees opened the safe that the man had previously attempted to steal from the store ... and inside they discovered a yellow container that held a stash of heroin and Xanax."
Police said that when the fired employee arrived at the Walmart, customer service asked him what was inside it and he told them there was a yellow container that had his "medication" inside; employees called 911.
"When deputies arrived the man started crying; he told the deputies the safe was his, and the yellow container and narcotics were his. He went on to say that he paid $350 for them," the sheriff's department said.
The 24-year-old was booked into the Pierce County Jail for unlawful possession of a controlled substance.
Here are some of the top stories in healthcare, telemedicine, and mobile health that our sister site mHealthWatch has been monitoring this past week.
First Look: New Analysis Reveals Links Between Payments from Opioid Manufacturers and Physician Prescriptions
Today a new analysis of government data made available to consumers for the first time reveals the relationship between payments made by pharmaceutical companies to physicians, the number of prescriptions arising from physicians who received those payments, and the cost and consequences to consumers as a result.
Pixelworks, Aier Eye Hospital Group Conduct Eye Health Study Identifying Benefits of Improved Smartphone Video Quality
This week, Pixelworks, Inc. — a leading provider of power efficient visual processing solutions — announced the initial results of an ongoing collaborative study and development effort with the China Hunan Aier Eye Research Institute, a part of the Aier Eye Hospital Group of Hunan, China.
DoseDr Telemedicine Platform Expanded for Use Treating All Chronic Diseases
Telemedicine provider DoseDr announced today its platform now supports treatment for all chronic disease—hypertension and related conditions including coronary artery disease, chronic kidney disease, stroke, and essential hypertension—tackling the problems currently unaddressed by the health care industry.
Health Innovation Platform Unveiled at SXSW 2018
Rice University and Energizing Health have announced a new health innovation platform grant awarded from the NASA funded Translational Research Institute for Space Health (TRISH).
Sensoria Health Brings Microsoft Azure IoT platform Architecture to Healthcare
Technology is a key enabler in the precision medicine trend, which will transform healthcare in the next few years. However, improving outcomes while reducing cost is a global challenge and nobody can achieve material results by acting alone.
Want to get the latest mHealthWatch news and insight delivered straight to your inbox every morning? If so, sign up for our free newsletter today.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — Robert E. ‘Bob' Norris, 80, of Hutchinson, died August 11, 2017, at Hospice House, Hutchinson. He was born October 5, 1936, in Stafford to Erle A. and Mary Ellen (Beck) Norris. Bob graduated from Hutchinson High School in 1954 and Emporia State University in 1960. He served in the United States Marine Corps from 1954-1957. Bob was a retired Prudential agent.
On June 10, 1962, he married Carol Mallory in Hutchinson. They shared 55 years of marriage.
Bob is survived by: wife, Carol of the home; son, Greg Norris and wife Angie of Wichita Falls, TX; daughter, Jennifer Boldt and husband Michael of Hutchinson; grandchildren, Evan Norris of Phoenix, AZ, Justin Norris, Mallory Norris, both of Wichita Falls, TX, Katlyn Boldt of Santa Clarita, CA, Grant Boldt of Hutchinson; and sister, Elsie Dragoo and husband Dennis of Emporia.
He was preceded in death by his parents.
Funeral service will be 1 p.m. Monday, August 14, 2017, at First Church of the Nazarene, 43rd and Monroe, Hutchinson, with Reverend John Chastain and Dr. Mark Glover officiating. Burial will follow in Memorial Park Cemetery, Hutchinson, with military honors conducted by the United States Marine Corps. Friends may call from 3 to 8 p.m. Sunday, with family to receive friends from 6 to 8 p.m. at Elliott Mortuary, Hutchinson. Memorials may be made to Central Christian School, Hospice of Reno County, or First Church of the Nazarene, in care of Elliott Mortuary, 1219 N. Main, Hutchinson, KS 67501.
KITH'S FORGET-ME-NOTS: Emily Oberg is out at Kith as the women's creative lead, but the cultish retailer aims to welcome more shoppers through a Valentine's Day initiative.
Oberg, who was with the company for about 16 months, declined via e-mail to elaborate on her plans, having given the exclusive to another publication, Complex. In that interview, she said she plans to do her own thing through her own brand-magazine-consultancy Sporty & Rich. Oberg is hoping for a collaboration with Converse on her wish list. Converse executives did not respond to requests for comment Friday.
In terms of Kith's definitive plans, the company will have a one-day pop-up with PlantShed on Feb. 14 in its NoHo store. Valentine's Day shoppers who buy any item on the women's floor will be given a complementary bouquet. The floral company has collaborated with other fashion brands over the years including Victoria's Secret, Rochambeau, Palmiers du Mal and Kirna Zabete. Like the Queens, N.Y.-born Kith founder Ronnie Fieg, PlantShed had been part of the New York landscape for a while. Started in the Fifties, the family-owned business' 10,000-square-foot Upper West Side facility and rooftop greenhouse is catching on for fashion photo shoots. Kirna Zabete just used the space to shoot its spring look book, according to owner Eric Mourkakos.
In the tangential world of fashion, Mourkakos connected with Fieg through a mutual friend, Aimé Leon Dore's creative director Teddy Santis. The trio collaborated for a Mykonos-inspired project at Kith. For Tuesday's Palmier du Mal presentation, PlantShed will be providing palms and other greenery. A few fashion week parties are on the docket, but not runway shows as in seasons past. As for the secret to staying independent for more than six decades, Mourkakos said, “We really stay true to what we do and we never say, ‘No.'”
New York roots resonate with Fieg, who got into the footwear scene at the age of 12 as a stockboy at David Z. In the seven years since he started Kith with Snarkitecture-designed stores, streetside lines are often part of the decor, with sneakerheads willing to wait to buy limited-run footwear or collaborations with brands such as Nike and Moncler. In addition to its private label and multibrand apparel and footwear, Kith's bars for cereal are another main attraction. The unexpected has always been part of Feig's m.o. since launching Kith in 2011.
LOS ANGELES — UCLA employed such a stifling zone defence that it flustered USC into 23 missed shots by halftime. The Bruins weren't running their best offence, but with such a stout performance on the defensive end and the glass, it didn't matter.
Monique Billings got the 40th double-double of her career with 14 points and 16 rebounds, and No. 9 UCLA shut down USC in a 59-46 victory on Friday night.
Jordin Canada added 16 points, and the Bruins (18-4, 9-2 Pac-12) won their seventh consecutive game.
UCLA outrebounded USC 48-33. UCLA had more defensive rebounds (34) than USC had total (33).
"Defensive rebounding, thank goodness for that because we didn't play very well offensively," UCLA coach Cori Close said. "I didn't think we played the kind of (up-tempo) style we should've played and needed to play, especially when we got so many stops. We should've got the transition game going. I think we let the zone and late shots in the shot clock lull us to sleep a little bit."
USC (15-7, 5-6) struggled mightily against the UCLA zone in the first half and shot many 3-pointers it didn't want to take. The Trojans were 6 for 29 from the field in the first half and just 1 for 14 from 3-point range.
"We've just got to be more patient," USC coach Mark Trakh said. "We've got to be more selective. My assistant kept on saying we needed to be more selective and patient and I said we just passed the ball 20 times and no one could get an open shot. You only have 30 seconds. A lot of it was their defence. We've got to pass the ball, spread them and attack off the dribble."
Kristen Simon led USC with 15 points and 12 rebounds.
The Trojans played better in the second half, cutting UCLA's lead to single digits in the third and fourth quarters. They finished shooting 28 per cent from the field but missed 20 of 24 3-point attempts.
"I think the biggest reason is this one over here, Kelli (Hayes)," Canada said. "She brings that voice that we need in the zone. She's talking every possession. It helps me, even though she's playing the 4. I hear her 24-7. She brings that energy we need in the 2-3 zone. And us being able to talk and be aggressive."
NFL sets cap percentages for franchise tags Per a source with knowledge of the situation, the 2017 percentages are as follows:
Quarterback: 12.735 percent.
Defensive end: 10.14 percent.
Receiver: 9.39 percent.
Linebacker: 8.712 percent.
Offensive line: 8.546 percent.
Cornerback: 8.51 percent.
Defensive tackle: 8.016 percent.
Running back: 7.257 percent.
Safety: 6.524 percent.
Tight end: 5.856 percent.
Kicker-punter: 2.895 percent.
The specific amounts of the franchise tenders wont be known until the per-team salary cap has been finalized. If the cap is $165 million, here are the salary-cap numbers:
Quarterback: $21.01 million.
Defensive end: $16.73 million.
Receiver: $15.49 million.
Linebacker: $14.37 million.
Offensive line: $14.1 million.
Cornerback: $14.04 million.
Defensive tackle: $13.22 million.
Running back: $11.9 million.
Safety: $10.76 million.
Tight end: $9.66 million.
Kicker-punter: $4.77 million. more on PFW
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Friday, Feb. 2, 2017, London, UK: The Biogerontology Research Foundation has embarked on a year-long mission to summarise in a single document the various emerging technologies and industries which can be brought to bear on aging, healthy longevity, and everything in between, as part of a joint project between The Global Longevity Consortium, consisting of the Biogerontology Research Foundation, Deep Knowledge Life Sciences, Aging Analytics Agency and Longevity.International platform.
For scientists, policymakers, regulators, government officials, investors and other stakeholders, a consensus understanding of the field of human longevity remains fragmented, and has yet to be systematized by any coherent framework, and has not yet been the subject of a comprehensive report profiling the field and industry as a whole by any analytical agency to date. The consortium behind this series of reports hope that they will come to be used as a sort of Encyclopedia Britannica and specialized Wikipedia of the emerging longevity industry, with the aim of serving as the foundation upon which the first global framework of the industry will be built, given the significant industry growth projected over the coming years.
Experts on the subject of human longevity, who tend arrive at the subject from disparate fields, have failed even to agree on a likely order of magnitude for future human lifespan. Those who foresee a 100-year average in the near future are considered extreme optimists by some, while others have even mooted the possibility of indefinite life extension through comprehensive repair and maintenance. As such the longevity industry has often defied real understanding and has proved a complex and abstract topic in the minds of many, investors and governments in particular.
The first of these landmark reports, entitled 'The Science of Longevity', standing at almost 800 pages in length, seeks to rectify this.
Part 1 of the report ties together the progress threads of the constituent industries into a coherent narrative, mapping the intersection of biomedical gerontology, regenerative medicine, precision medicine, artificial intelligence, offering a brief history and snapshot of each. Part 2 lists and individually profiles 650 longevity-focused entities, including research hubs, non-profit organizations, leading scientists, conferences, databases, books and journals. Infographics are used to illustrate where research institutions stand in relation to each other with regard to their disruptive potential: companies and institutions specialising in palliative technologies are placed at the periphery of circular diagrams, whereas those involved with more comprehensive, preventative interventions, such as rejuvenation biotechnologies and gene therapies, are depicted as central.
In this report great care was taken to visualize the complex and interconnected landscape of this field via state of the art infographics so as to distill the many players, scientific subsectors and technologies within the field of geroscience into common understanding. Their hope was to create a comprehensive yet readily-understandable view of the entire field and its many players, to serve a similar function that Mendeleev's periodic table did for the field of chemistry. While these are static infographics in the reports, their creators plan to create complimentary online versions that are interactive and filterable, and to convene a series of experts to analyze these infographics and continually update them as the geroscience landscapes shifts. Similar strategies are employed in Volume II to illustrate the many companies and investors within the longevity industry.
These reports currently profile the top 100 entities in each of the categories, but in producing them, analysts found that the majority of these categories have significantly more than 100 entities associated with them. One of their main conclusions upon finishing the report is that the longevity industry is indeed of substantial size, with many industry and academic players, but that it remains relatively fragmented, lacking a sufficient degree of inter-organization collaboration and industry-academic partnerships. The group plans to expand these lists in follow-up volumes so as to give a more comprehensive overview of the individual companies, investors, books, journals, conferences and scientists that serve as the foundation of this emerging industry.
Since these reports are being spearheaded by the UK's oldest biomedical charity focused on healthspan extension, the Biogerontology Research Foundation is publishing them online, freely available to the public. While the main focus of this series of reports is an analytical report on the emerging longevity industry, the reports still delve deeply into the science of longevity, and Volume I is dedicated exclusively to an overview of the history, present and future state of ageing research from a scientific perspective.
The consortium of organizations behind these reports anticipate them to be the first comprehensive analytical report on the emerging longevity industry to date, and hope to increase awareness and interest from investors, scientists, medical personnel, regulators, policymakers, government officials and the public-at-large in both the longevity industry and geroscience proper by providing a report that simultaneously distills the complex network of knowledge underlying the industry and field into easily and intuitively comprehensible infographics, while at the same time providing a comprehensive backbone of chapters and profiles on the various companies, investors, organizations, labs, institutions, books, journals and conferences for those inclined for a deeper dive into the vast foundation of the longevity industry and the field of geroscience.
It is hoped that this report will assist others in visualising the present longevity landscape and elucidate the various industry players and components. Volume 2, The Business of Longevity, which at approximately 500 pages in length aims to be as comprehensive as Volume 1, is set to be published shortly thereafter, and will focus on the companies and investors working in the field of precision preventive medicine with a focus on healthy longevity, which will be necessary in growing the industry fast enough to avert the impending crisis of global aging demographics.
These reports will be followed up throughout the coming year with Volume 3 ("Special Case Studies"), featuring 10 special case studies on specific longevity industry sectors, such as cell therapies, gene therapies, AI for biomarkers of aging, and more, Volume 4 ("Novel Longevity Financial System"), profiling how various corporations, pension funds, investment funds and governments will cooperate within the next decade to avoid the crisis of demographic aging, and Volume 5 ("Region Case Studies"), profiling the longevity industry in specific geographic regions.
These reports are, however, only the beginning, and ultimately will serve as a launching pad for an even more ambitious project: Longevity.International, an online platform that will house these reports, and also serve as a virtual ecosystem for uniting and incentivizing the many fragmented stakeholders of the longevity industry, including scientists, entrepreneurs, investors, policymakers, regulators and government officials to unite in the common goal of healthspan extension and aversion of the looping demographic aging and Silver Tsunami crisis. The platform will use knowledge crowdsourcing of top tier experts to unite scientists with entrepreneurs, entrepreneurs to investors, and investors to policy-makers and regulators, where all stakeholders can aggregate and integrate intelligence and expertise from each other using modern IT technologies for these types of knowledge platforms, and all stakeholders can be rewarded for their services.
###
The consortium behind these reports are interested in collaboration with interested contributors, institutional partners, and scientific reviewers to assist with the ongoing production of these reports, to enhance their outreach capabilities and ultimately to enhance the overall impact of these reports upon the scientific and business communities operating within the longevity industry, and can be reached at info@longevity.international
About the Biogerontology Research Foundation:
The Biogerontology Research Foundation is a UK non-profit research foundation and public policy center seeking to fill a gap within the research community, whereby the current scientific understanding of the ageing process is not yet being sufficiently exploited to produce effective medical interventions. The BGRF funds and conducts research which, building on the body of knowledge about how ageing happens, aims to develop biotechnological interventions to remediate the molecular and cellular deficits which accumulate with age and which underlie the ill-health of old age. Addressing ageing damage at this most fundamental level will provide an important opportunity to produce the effective, lasting treatments for the diseases and disabilities of ageing, required to improve quality of life in the elderly. The BGRF seeks to use the entire scope of modern biotechnology to attack the changes that take place in the course of ageing, and to address not just the symptoms of age-related diseases but also the mechanisms of those diseases.
Scroll for more content...
Rashida Tlaib pulled her brown hair into a ponytail and changed into silver sneakers, a safari hat and a blue T-shirt that said "Rashida for Congress."
Tlaib is running to be the first Muslim woman in the US Congress. But first she has to beat a crowded field of Democrats vying for a congressional seat that hasn't been open in more than five decades.
So, for most of the hot June morning, Tlaib stalked the sun-baked streets of River Rouge, a small city near southwest Detroit, hunting for votes in Michigan's 13th Congressional District.
She noted the noxious smell from a nearby refinery, caught up with a motorcycle-riding classmate from Southwestern High School and commiserated with residents about broken streetlights and the construction of a bridge across the Detroit River into Canada.
No one asked Tlaib about religion, which was present but invisible, like the cool water she thought about but didn't sip because she was fasting for Ramadan.
"It's not about just being out there and flaunting your faith," said Tlaib, 41. "I always tell people that I'm exposing Islam in such a pivotal way, an impactful way, through public service."
Tlaib is one of many American Muslims talking about public service these days. More than 90 are running for office, from local school boards to the US Senate, as part of a "blue wave" of Democrats. At least five of the candidates for Congress are women.
A perfect storm of progressive anti-Trumpism
People who follow religion and politics put Tlaib in the top tier of Muslim American candidates, saying she has as much chance as anyone to break one of the last religious barriers in Congress. The eldest daughter of Palestinian immigrants, Tlaib was already the first Muslim woman in Michigan's Legislature, where she served 2008-2014, before reaching term limits. She's now an attorney and advocate at the Sugar Law Center for Economic and Social Justice.
If you squint, it's possible to see Tlaib's campaign as the confluence of two midterm meta-narratives: the surge of Muslim democrats running for office meets the year of the women, a perfect storm of progressive anti-Trumpism.
Like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a political newcomer in New York who shocked the establishment by beating a prominent Democrat in the party's primary last month, Tlaib is taking an "aggressive and direct" approach to campaigning.
"We are basically running the same campaign, with the same platform and with a very similar candidate," said Andy Goddeeris, Tlaib's campaign manager. Both campaigns describe themselves as unabashedly progressive, and, rather than blanketing the airwaves with ads, have taken their message directly to tens of thousands of voters, meeting them on the streets of Detroit or a New York subway station.
But neat narratives rarely match raw political reality.
Several of Tlaib's Democratic opponents are themselves accomplished women. And while Tlaib doesn't shy away from talking about her faith, it's not a big part of her pitch to her voters. Many Michigan Muslims live in Dearborn and Hamtramck, outside of the 13th Congressional District.
And it will take more than a meta-narrative to beat the four other Democrats vying for the same seat in Congress -- a seat held by one man, former Rep. John Conyers, for more than 50 years.
Which is why Tlaib knocked on doors all through a scorching June day, and returned to her campaign office late in the afternoon, looking like she had a pound of sand in her shoes.
Her one respite from the heat: a squirt-gun battle with a young aide named Andy.
Starting at the ground floor
The people who argue that Tlaib may be the first Muslim woman elected to Congress usually make the following points:
One, Tlaib raised more than $570,000 in the first quarter of 2018, staggering political observers and easily winning the money race among her opponents. Goddeeris, her campaign manager, said he expects Tlaib to raise a similar amount in the second quarter.
Secondly, many in 13th District already know Tlaib's name, since she was raised in the area and represented parts of it during her three terms in the Michigan Legislature.
"She's a perfect example of how to systematically build political power," said Zaki Barzinji, the White House liaison to American Muslims under former President Barack Obama. "She's not just jumping into a congressional race out of nowhere, she literally spent more than a decade working her way up."
"It's a lesson I wish our broader American Muslim community would learn," Barzinji continued, "because many folks get frustrated that we don't have representation at the highest levels of politics and government, when we rarely put in the effort to start at the ground floor and work our way up."
The third reason people argue that Tlaib could be the first Muslim woman in Congress has little to do with her. Michigan's primary is August 7 and Republicans haven't fielded a candidate. If Tlaib wins the primary, she wins the race. That gives Tlaib an edge against other strong Muslim American female candidates in other races across the country.
That includes women like Ilhan Omar, who is running to fill Rep. Keith Ellison's seat. Ellison is leaving Congress in order to run for attorney general in Minnesota. Indiana's Andre Carson is the only other Muslim currently serving in Congress. Minnesota's Democratic primary is a week later than Michigan's and Omar will have a Republican opponent in the general election.
The other Muslim women running for Congress are Fayrouz Saad, in Michigan's 11th District; Tahirah Amatul-Wadud in Massachusetts' 1st District, and Deedra Abboud, who is running for the Senate in Arizona.
Hoda Hawa, director of policy and advocacy at the Muslim Public Affairs Council, said Omar and Tlaib are the most likely to become the first Muslim women in Congress.
"They've both run for office before and won. They know how to get elected," Hawa said. (MPAC does not endorse political candidates.)
Running against Detroit's establishment
But before Tlaib can start planning for Washington, she has to beat a field of quality Democratic candidates, said David Dulio, chairman of the political science department at Oakland University in Rochester, Michigan. The congressional seat had been held by Conyers for 53 years, before he resigned in December amid allegations of sexual harassment.
Ian Conyers, the former congressman's grandnephew and a Michigan state senator, is running to fill the seat, as is Brenda Jones, the president of Detroit's City Council, and Bill Wild, the mayor of Westland, a small city in the district.
"There are so many quality candidates, and each brings different things to the table. Not much would surprise me," Dulio said. "Rashida Tlaib could certainly win this race."
Beating Jones, though, entails defeating much of Detroit's Democratic establishment. The city's mayor, four fellow city council members, as well as powerful pastors and unions are backing Jones.
Tlaib, meanwhile, has run to the left of Jones and the other Democrats, touting her experience as a lawmaker and public interest lawyer battling big companies over pollution. She's been endorsed by the party's progressive wing, including People for Bernie, filmmaker Michael Moore, and Justice for Democrats, the group that backed Ocasio-Cortez in her upset win in New York last month.
Before many people had heard of Ocasio-Cortez, Tlaib was already watching from afar, showing a reporter the New Yorker's campaign video last month.
"Rashida sees a lot of herself in Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez," said Goddeeris, the campaign manager.
"We feel like we are part of this wave that's coming: unapologetically progressive people who are unafraid of taking on the Democratic establishment."
'Our children are struggling'
Like many Democratic candidates, Tlaib hasn't been shy about taking aim at President Donald Trump. She calls his election the "bat signal" that provoked many progressive women to run for office.
Two years ago, Tlaib was arrested for disrupting a Trump speech in downtown Detroit, where she shouted at him that "our kids deserve better" and encouraged him to read the Constitution.
Tlaib dusted off her bullhorn last week to protest the Supreme Court's decision to uphold the President's travel ban on several Muslim-majority countries. A local news report showed Tlaib breaking up a spat between protesters and onlookers.
In public, Tlaib struck a combative tone on the Supreme Court decision, saying she'll introduce legislation to repeal it if she's elected to Congress.
But privately, Tlaib said the anti-Muslim rhetoric coming from some politicians and the media has taken a toll on her family. A mother of two boys, who are 6 and 12, Tlaib tells a story about seeing a political cartoon of a skeleton in a Nazi uniform saying "Allahu Akbar," the Islamic incantation that means "God is great."
One of her sons heard Tlaib talking about the cartoon and said, "Mama, don't worry, if anybody asks if I'm Muslim I will lie and tell them I'm not."
Tlaib said every time she tells that story to Muslim audiences, a few women approach her afterward and share similar experiences.
"I think there's a sense that we've worked so hard, but our children are struggling," Tlaib said, her eyes tearing. "It's very painful. And so people tell me, 'You gotta win, 'cause if you win, then our kids can see that we belong.'"
"That's the pressure I feel," Tlaib said, "and that makes me work harder every day."
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story suggested Rep. Keith Ellison has already left Congress. He is leaving Congress at the end of his term.
“Apple and Russia are locked in a stand-off over the company's App Store. The Russian telecoms regulator Roskomnadzor has asked the US firm to remove the popular messenger app Telegram from the Russian version of the store,” BBC News reports. “Despite attempts by Russian authorities to block the app since mid-April, it remains in widespread use.”
“Roskomnadzor has given Apple a month to reply and it is unclear what will happen if it ignores the request,” The Beeb reports. “Telegram was developed in Russia and is one of the world's most popular messaging services. It is available on tablets, computers and mobiles, giving users end-to-end encryption. This means only the sender and recipient of messages can see them. Messages remain private from third parties such as the Russian government.”
‘The company left Russia because of the country's internet regulations and is now based in Dubai,” The Beeb reports. “A privacy expert has said the move marks the ‘ongoing power tussle between big technology companies and nation states.' ‘I wouldn't rule out Russia blocking access to the App Store,' Dr Joss Wright, Research Fellow at the Oxford Internet Institute, told the BBC. ‘Of course you would have a lot of annoyed Russian iPhone owners.' he added.”
Read more in the full article here.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- The USS Omaha, the Navy's newest Independence-variant littoral combat ship, will be commissioned Saturday afternoon at the Broadway pier in San Diego.
The USS Omaha, the 11th littoral combat ship to enter the fleet and the sixth of the Independence-variant design, will be commissioned into the fleet Saturday at 3 pm EST. The Navy will stream the commissioning online at the Navy Live blog.
Former Navy SEAL officer and Medal of Honor recipient Bob Kerrey, who also served in the U.S. Senate and as governor of Nebraska, will be the keynote speaker for the event.
Warren Buffett's daughter, Susie Buffett, who is an Omaha philanthropist and chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., will serve as the ship's sponsor.
The LCS series of ships is designed to operate close to shore for patrol, interdiction, mine-countermeasures, undersea warfare operations and other missions. The modular design of the ships allows it to be outfitted based on mission requirements.
"Omaha and her sister ships represent an investment in our nation, the result of the partnership between the Department of the Navy and our shipbuilding industry," Secretary of the Navy Richard V. Spencer said in a press release. "American craftsmen in Mississippi, Alabama, around the country have made USS Omaha possible."
"The LCS fills a unique mission for the United States Navy and as these remarkable ships continue to be produced out of our shipyards, they represent an increase in our readiness and lethality," Spencer said.
The LCS-class consists of the Freedom-variant, made by Lockheed Martin, and the Independence-variant, made by Austal USA.
The Navy says contracts for 29 LCS ships have been awarded to date, with 11 already having been delivered to the Navy. Fifteen others are in various stages of construction, and three are in pre-production states.
RENTON, Wash. (AP) — Pete Carroll said Monday the Seattle Seahawks have not closed the door on the possibility of adding Colin Kaepernick to their roster, but how much further they pursue it may depend on the upcoming NFL draft.
“We're still battling on all fronts, on all guys. We're still looking at guys and evaluating. There are still free agents we're looking at and in that the process just continues,” Carroll said. “We've gone through the information gathering and we have a pretty good feel for where we are. It's ongoing. We're not done with that decision at all.”
Reports surfaced earlier this month that Seattle pulled out of a planned workout for Kaepernick, who has been without an NFL team since the end of the 2016 season. Seattle has been one of the few teams to show any interest in Kaepernick following his protests during the national anthem in the 2016 season with San Francisco.
Carroll said the reports of what happened with the intended workout were “blown up.”
“I think we've been working at this thing for some time now. I don't think that was really as telling as it came across,” Carroll said. “We're really aware of him and he's a fine football player and there may be a place for him. We don't know that yet.”
Whether Seattle revisits Kaepernick may be answered during this week's draft and if the Seahawks invest a draft pick in a quarterback for the first time since selecting Russell Wilson in the 2012 draft. Seattle has signed backups Stephen Morris and Austin Davis this offseason.
Carroll and general manager John Schneider also gave brief updates on injuries to safety Kam Chancellor and defensive tackle Malik McDowell.
Chancellor suffered a neck injury midway through last season that put his career in doubt. Schneider said Chancellor will have a “scan” in late June or early July to determine his status going forward. It could be as much a contract issue as anything else with Chancellor, who signed a three-year extension with $25 million guaranteed before the start of last season.
Meanwhile, the status of McDowell remains murky. McDowell, Seattle's initial draft pick in the second round of last year's draft, was injured in an ATV accident last summer and has not taken part in any football-related activities since. Carroll said the team has received no indication on McDowell's ability to even rejoin the team at this point, let alone play football.
Blue Jays starter Marcus Stroman had a real bounce in his step as he bopped around the spring-training clubhouse on Tuesday. It's the kind of bounce you get when your salary gets a major bounce.
Stroman, 25, won his arbitration case with the Jays and was awarded $3.4 million for this season, an increase from $525,900 in 2016. The Jays had offered $3.1 million. The decision was announced Tuesday following a hearing on Friday before arbitrators Steven Wolf, Jeanne Wood, James Oldham.
Stroman took to Twitter not long after the ruling was released. He said he was “excited” to win the case and “really enjoyed the process.”
He also gave a shout-out to the Jays for “being extremely professional throughout the entire process.”
“Now ... time to get back to work and deliver the fans of TORONTO the World Series they deserve,” he tweeted.
Later he updated that: “Meant to say ... bring CANADA the World Series they deserve. Sorry! Lol”
The 25-year-old right-hander was 9-10 with a 4.37 ERA last year in his first full season following a torn left anterior cruciate ligament.
Excited to win my case. Really enjoyed the process. Shout to my family @us_tla for always having my back. Always stay true to my day ones! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
Shout to the @BlueJays for being extremely professional throughout the entire process as well! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
Six months before rushing water ripped a huge hole in a channel that drains a Northern California reservoir, state inspectors said the concrete spillway was sound. As officials puzzle through how to repair Oroville Dam spillway, federal regulators have ordered the state to figure out what went wrong.
Earlier inspection reports offer potential clues, including cracks on the spillway surface that if not properly repaired could let water tear through the concrete. In recent years, construction crews patched cracks — including in the area where water burrowed a huge pit last week.
Damage to the main spillway triggered a series of problems culminating with the first use of the emergency spillway, which quickly began eroding and threatened to unleash a torrent of water on cities downstream. On Tuesday, officials said the immediate danger had passed, and allowed nearly 200,000 residents to go home after evacuation orders scattered them for nearly two days.
Inspectors with the state agency that both operates and checks the dam, the nation's tallest at 770 feet, walked the half-mile-long spillway in 2014 and 2015 and did not find any concerns.
“Conditions appeared to be normal,” the inspector wrote in reports from both years.
Last August, a team of inspectors did not check the channel on foot but instead from afar, also concluding that everything looked fine.
The inspection came as California was enduring a five-year drought, and the channel rarely was used to relieve pressure on Oroville Lake, which is about 70 miles north of Sacramento. An extraordinarily wet subsequent six months changed that. Dam managers were draining water from the fast-filling reservoir into the Feather River below when the pit appeared last week.
Experts said problems like the cracks in the concrete spillway and spots in nearby areas where water seeped from the reservoir through a hillside were common issues with dams. What mattered, said John Moyle, New Jersey's director of dam safety and flood control, was whether dam operators dealt with the problems carefully — patching cracks so they were watertight, and dealing with spots where water was leaking through so they didn't grow to undermine the concrete.
The Department of Water Resources declined to answer specific questions about the repair work, saying engineers were focused on ensuring public safety.
Robert Bea, professor emeritus of civil and environmental engineering at University of California, Berkeley, said it's “obvious those repairs didn't work.”
“We don't have details on the repairs, but they put cement into the cracks and troweled it over,” Bea said. “I call it ‘patch and pray.'”
On Monday, federal regulators told the department it must enlist a group of independent consultants both to assess what went wrong and to recommend long-term fixes.
Documents and interviews show that crews were patching cracks in 2009 and 2013. A water resources department spokesman said it was normal for maintenance crews to be troubleshooting cracks in the channel during dry summer months.
One resident of the region said he saw crews in the spillway at least once a year for the past several years.
“When they have four or five trucks down there, the only thing they have to do is fill cracks,” said Don Reighley, a retiree and fisherman who is a several times a week drives past the channel to launch his boat into the reservoir.
One of the state inspectors who went to Oroville Dam in August said authorities may never know exactly what destabilized the spillway.
“Any type of evidence that might have been there is gone,” Eric Holland of the water resources department's dam safety division said. “Everything has been washed away.”
___
Knickmeyer reported from Sonoma, California, Pritchard reported from Los Angeles. John Flesher in Traverse City, Michigan, contributed.
___
Contact Pritchard at https://twitter.com/lalanewsman .
General building confidence has dropped by three index points in the second quarter. Photo: Simphiwe Mbokazi/African News Agency (ANA)
JOHANNESBURG - Confidence in both the building and civil engineering sectors declined to its worst level in six years in the second quarter of this year, according to the latest Construction Industry Development Board (CIDB) small and medium-enterprise (SME) business conditions survey.
Discouragingly, the outlook for activity remains clouded as the constraint of insufficient demand for new work remained elevated for both sectors, the survey report said.
Confidence levels for both the building and civil sectors dropped to 33 index points in the second quarter, which means that 67percent of building and civil contractors were dissatisfied with business conditions in the quarter.
General building confidence, as measured by the survey, dropped by three index points in the quarter to 33. Confidence in the building sector was last at this level in the second quarter of 2012.
The report added that building activity deteriorated while profitability and employment indicators remained under pressure.
The indicator rating insufficient demand for new building work as a constraint to business operations increased slightly to 74 percent.
“This bodes ill for building activity in the near term,” the report said.
It added that the underlying indicators on balance remained at weak levels across the board, which probably explained why confidence levels were chronically low compared to long-term averages.
Concerning
At provincial level, building contractor confidence ticked up by two index points to 56 in the Western Cape, was unchanged in the Eastern Cape and dropped in KwaZulu-Natal.
However, Ntando Skosana, CIDB project manager for monitoring and evaluation, said the worst outcome in confidence was recorded for Gauteng building contractors, where an overwhelming 83percent were dissatisfied with business conditions.
“It is concerning that this level of confidence marks a joint all-time low,” he said.
Civil engineering confidence also declined by three index points during the quarter.
The report said this deterioration largely mirrored weaker profitability.
It said 61percent of respondents reported lower profitability during the second quarter, which was a mere 2 percent shy of its worst historic level.
Skosana said from a provincial perspective the picture was rather disappointing with sentiment deteriorating across the board and the highest confidence levels registered were in the low 30s.
The highest confidence was recorded in the Western Cape at a very weak 33 index points, with confidence levels for the rest of the provinces in the 20s.
The latest gross domestic product (GDP) growth statistics released recently by Statistics SA showed a fifth consecutive decline in output in the construction sector, with output falling 1.9percent quarter on quarter in the first quarter of this year.
Skosana said the unfavourable outcome for this quarter's survey results suggested that the negative trend in both building and civil construction activity continued into the second quarter.
- BUSINESS REPORT
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — With fatigue appearing to set in, jurors in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial reviewed portions of his accuser's testimony Wednesday as they deliberated for a third day over whether the 79-year-old star drugged and molested her at his suburban Philadelphia estate.
Jurors made the request to have portions of Andrea Constand's testimony read back to them but ended the day without a verdict in a case that has already helped demolish Cosby's nice-guy reputation. They will resume deliberations Thursday morning.
The panel of seven men and five women worked late for the third night in a row, asking for testimony about a detective's interview with Cosby in early 2005, about a year after Constand says the comedian assaulted her. They ordered strombolis for dinner while a court reporter raced to transcribe that portion of last week's testimony.
As deliberations crossed the 27-hour mark, some jurors closed their eyes and tilted their heads down as a court reporter reread Cosby's January 2005 interview. One slunk down in his seat, looking angry.
“Can you find 12 people who will agree? That's the question,” said criminal lawyer Alan J. Tauber, who wasn't involved in the case.
On Wednesday, the group wanted to hear from both Cosby and his accuser.
Constand testified last week that Cosby gave her pills that left her woozy, helped her to a couch and then violated her while she was passed out, unable to say no or fight his advances.
The 44-year-old Toronto woman, who spent seven hours on the stand last week, was in the gallery as portions of her testimony were read back to the jury.
The panel also wanted to hear again from Cosby, who didn't testify at his trial but gave a deposition as part of Constand's civil suit against him and submitted to a police interview about her accusations.
Pennsylvania detectives spoke to Cosby in his lawyers' New York City offices a few weeks after Constand went to police in January 2005. Cosby said in the interview that he gave her Benadryl, an over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine, to help her relax. He said she didn't show any ill effects from the medicine, nor did she object as he groped her.
Constand's mother wiped away tears at times as the interview was read.
Cosby's lawyers maintain Constand was a willing sexual partner.
The long days appeared to be wearing on jurors.
“This is an incredible jury that has just acted with incredible dignity and fidelity, … and I don't have any higher praise,” Judge Stephen O'Neill told the panel before they broke for the night. “You have taken your task so seriously.”
Constand denies there was any romance between them and told jurors she had rebuffed his advances before the assault. She believes he gave her something stronger than Benadryl on the night she says he molested her.
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Each carries a maximum 10-year prison term, though the counts could be merged at sentencing if he is convicted.
The first prosecutor to review the case in 2005 passed on it. A successor, District Attorney Kevin Steele, reversed course a decade later, after dozens of women came forward to accuse Cosby of sexual misconduct and after the public release of his startling deposition in which he spoke about giving the powerful sedative quaaludes to women he wanted to have sex with.
The long-married Cosby, once known as America's Dad for his portrayal of kindly Dr. Cliff Huxtable on “The Cosby Show,” called all the encounters consensual.
The Rev. Andrew F. Kline, a vicar of a historic black church in Norristown who stopped by the courthouse steps Wednesday to check out the scene, said his congregation is “absolutely” talking about the case given Cosby's place in their lives.
“He was huge. He was huge. He was a role model. He couldn't escape that,” Kline said. “You probably want it on one level, as a celebrity. He made some powerful statements that people either said, ‘Yeah, Amen,' or ‘That's not the way we are.'
“So it's always difficult to look under the hood and see the reality of our lives,” Kline said. “I pray for him. I pray for her. I pray for everybody here that justice be done, but that there be some mercy, too, right? I mean, we need to be about that.”
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
GREENVILLE —On Monday afternoon two women crashed, sending one to the hospital, at a Greenville intersection known for accidents
On March 19 at approximately 2:32 p.m. Darke County Deputies along with Greenville Township Fire and Greenville Township Rescue were dispatched to the intersection of U.S. Route 127 and Kruckeberg Road in reference to an injury accident.
The preliminary investigation revealed a light blue 2005 Buick LaCrosse, driven by Nancy Poling, 81, of Bradford was traveling East on Kruckeberg Road at U.S. Route 127. Poling failed to yield the right of way from a stop sign hitting a white 2001 Oldsmobile Alero, driven by Martha Garner, 62, of Ansonia, who was traveling North on U.S. Route 127.
Poling was treated and released at the scene. Garner was transported to Wayne HealthCare by Greenville Township Rescue with non life-threatening injuries.
The accident remains under investigation by the Darke County Sheriff's Office.
Summertime just got a little cooler for your furry friends!
Scroll for more content...
PawStroll, a Detroit-based professional dog service company, will now offer ice cream for dogs.
The sweet snacks are a part of PawStroll's new line of non-GMO ice cream products made for dogs with all-natural ingredients. Treats include ice cream cups, ice cream sandwiches, ice cream cookie sandwiches and ice cream cakes.
PawStroll's test kitchen has created four initial ice cream flavors: peanut butter, peanut butter and bacon, PB&J and chocolate chip.
Prices:
Ice cream cups
4-ounce cup - $3.50
4-pack - $13.00
Ice cream sandwiches
Per sandwich - $2.00
4-pack - $7.50
Ice cream cakes
Prices vary
On July 13, the sweet dog treats will be available online and at these two retail shops:
Bow Wow Baketique, 20207 Mack Ave, Grosse Pointe, MI
Cass Corridog, 4240 Cass Ave, #110, Detroit, MI
The PawTreats are made right here in Detroit.
A Russian court on Monday jailed a former martial arts champion and notorious neo-Nazi for three and a half years after he forced 12 prostitutes to walk naked through the streets of Saint Petersburg.
Vyacheslav Datsik broke into a small hotel that also functioned as a brothel in the centre of the northwestern city in May 2016 after declaring a "war on prostitutes".
Acting with accomplices, he then forced 12 women and a man -- allegedly a client -- to follow him to a police station while still naked.
Datsik told police that he "just wanted the women to march in their work uniforms".
He was found guilty of hooliganism, breaking into property and a "premeditated attack on the health of others".
Investigators also established that Datsik stole 50,000 rubles ($863, 700 euros at the current rate) from a safe in the brothel and beat up three other women.
Datsik, a former kick-boxing and mixed martial arts (MMA) champion, was first arrested in 2010 after robbing several mobile phone stores.
He was then placed in a psychiatric facility, from which he escaped and fled to Oslo in 2010, where he unsuccessfully appealed for asylum while carrying a loaded gun.
He was promptly arrested.
He was later photographed in an Oslo courtroom wearing a black T-shirt with a swastika and -- despite wearing handcuffs -- making an improvised form of Nazi salute.
Sentenced to eight months in prison in Norway for illegal possession of weapons, he was then extradited to Russia in 2011.
AFP
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Florida State senior Phil Cofer knows the biggest key to making any comeback, especially in the NCAA Tournament.
Don't get rattled.
Now the Florida State Seminoles are on their way to the NCAA Tournament's round of 16 for the first time since 2011 after upsetting top-seeded Xavier with a furious rally.
PJ Savoy made a 3- pointer with 1:08 left to give Florida State its first lead of the second half, and the Seminoles rallied from a 12-point deficit to beat the Musketeers 75-70 on Sunday night in the second round of the West Region.
"Everybody kept their composure, and that's what you got to do in March Madness," Cofer said. "And I think we did it."
The Seminoles did just that when trailing by 12 with 10:42 left and outscored Xavier 31-14 down the stretch, including the final seven points of the game.
"We were much better than Xavier in the last two and a half minutes of the game," Florida State coach Leonard Hamilton said. "Sometimes when the games are close, that's all that's important."
They made Xavier the second No. 1 seed ousted in tournament's first weekend, sending the Musketeers (29-6) out along with Virginia. It's a painful ending for a team that returned four starters from a team that lost in the Elite Eight last year - to Gonzaga, the team Florida State (22-11) will play Thursday night in Los Angeles.
"Obviously, tough loss for our group," Xavier coach Chris Mack said . "Pretty emotional ending, the finality of what I think is the greatest sporting event in our country."
Senior guard J.P. Macura said he felt this was the best team he's played on.
"For us to lose this early, it just, it feels terrible," a quiet Macura said in the locker room.
Savoy also hit a pair of free throws with 21.6 seconds left putting Florida State up 73-70. Kerem Kanter shot an air ball from beyond the arc at the top of the key with 7 seconds to go for Xavier, and CJ Walker added a pair of free throws with 6.4 seconds remaining.
Terance Mann picked off a long pass by Paul Scruggs off Xavier's inbound pass before running in front of Seminoles' fans to start the party. After jumping around on the court and hugging, the jubilant Seminoles ran over to their fans in the stands and slapped high-fives.
This was sweet payback for Florida State after then-No. 11 seed Xavier routed the Seminoles 91-66 a year ago in the very same round in the same region. Hamilton lost his top three scorers - two to the NBA Draft - from that team.
"Definitely ... ," Cofer said. "I don't think anybody gets a chance to play them again two times in a year."
The Musketeers didn't get the chance to run away this time around after they took a 12-point lead. They led 56-44 with 10:42 left. But Xavier didn't score a field goal after Kanter's jumper with 3:56 left for a 68-66 lead. Mfiondu Kabengele scored his second straight bucket tying it up at 68 with 2:32 to go.
Scruggs hit two free throws with 1:49 left, and that was the last points for Xavier. The Musketeers turned it over three times after that, twice by star Trevon Bluiett.
Braian Angola led five Seminoles in double figures with 16 points. Trent Forrest added 13, Savoy finished with 11, and Cofer and Mann each had 10.
Macura led Xavier with 17 points, Kerem Kanter had 15 and Scruggs had 11.
BIG PICTURE
Florida State: This will be just the fifth Sweet 16 appearance for the Seminoles and second under Hamilton. ... The Seminoles had lost their first two games against No. 1 seeds in the NCAA Tournament, losing to Kentucky in 1980 and 1993. They also beat Xavier for the first time in three tries.
Xavier: The Musketeers had been 23-1 when allowing less than 80 points. ... Macura fouled out with 2:06 to go, and Bluiett finished with just eight points and five turnovers. It was just his third game all season in single digits.
UP NEXT
Florida State: Gonzaga in Los Angeles.
Xavier: Mack will have to replace Bluiett, Macura and Kanter. But Mack noted Xavier has graduated 105 seniors dating back to 1985-86 and will be back.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
___
Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
× Susquehanna County Celebrates the Fourth of July
MONTROSE, Pa. — People lined the streets for the annual Fourth of July Parade in Montrose.
“They really come to watch us,” parade committee member Ed DeWitt said. “The weather, despite what was originally predicted, is beautiful today.”
This year, the parade had about 80 floats. There was lots of music, and American flags lined the route. Montrose's parade draws people from all over, including a Shriner's group from New York state.
“I think it's because there are not a lot of local parades for Fourth of July,” David Karre with Kalurah Shriner's said. “A lot of people are away doing things and (this parade) has a great reputation.”
Longtime WNEP photographer Michael Erat, who lives in Susquehanna County, came out to enjoy the parade. He said there is a reason a lot of out-of-towners make their way to Montrose for the Fourth.
“It's small-town America,” Erat said. “Everybody comes. We put our chairs out early. We come up in the morning, put the chairs out. It's just our version of small-town America to celebrate our independence.”
Of course, all of the parade-goers were there to honor our country and the men and women who protect it.
The celebration is set to be capped off with fireworks in the evening.
Wal-Mart's hunt for market share is extending to beauty, and if the retail giant were to buy beauty box company Birchbox, it would gain not just a trove of consumer data, but potentially gain access to hip indie brands.
One source noted it was the increasingly acquisitive Wal-Mart Stores Inc. that approached Birchbox about a potential takeover, while multiple sources confirmed that talks between the two companies have taken place.
The disappearance of an elderly man from a Brittany care home turned out to be an unlikely love story.
The 93-year-old was reported missing from the retirement home in the small coastal town of Pléneuf-Val-André by his granddaughter, who arrived for her weekly visit.
But when she entered his room on Saturday afternoon, the man was nowhere to be found.
The young woman alerted staff at the Les Jardins d'Arcadie home, who searched the premises before contacting the police, according to a report in Le Telegramme.
Despite the panic, the story came to a happy resolution when police officers tracked down the 93-year-old.
He was found just a short distance away from the care home in a local park - with a woman reported to be his girlfriend.
"They were walking arm in arm with the park," police confirmed to France Bleu.
2009
2010
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
Marek Hamšík has been named Slovakian Player of the Year for a record seventh time. pic.twitter.com/cYzh1Z5v1b
A sumptuous showcase of the work of women jewellers in the twentieth century to the present day
The world of jewellery-making has been dominated by males throughout history, perhaps surprisingly, since it is women who often wear their creations. However, since the suffragette movements at the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century, women have achieved extraordinary feats. Finally, the work of women jewellers and jewellery designers are showcased in this sumptuous book, examining the work of key figures from the Arts and Crafts movement through to the present day.
“Although unconventional, her jewellery stands as a testament of the fashions of her time period.” -(D.A. Tayor and J.W. Laskey, Georg Jensen Holloware: The Silver Fund Collection, 2003″
Beginning with Arts & Crafts jewellers in Britain, Europe and North America, Women JewelleryDesigners examines the key figures and movements of the pre-war period including Coco Chanel's legendary ‘Bijoux de Diamants' exhibition of 1932, the designs of Suzanne Belperron and the roles of Jeanne Toussaint at Cartier and Renée Puissant at Van Cleef & Arpels. From the 1950s to the present day, a wide range of international designers are examined in detail with many examples of their work clearly illustrated.
Women Jewellery Designers is an important celebration of jewellers and jewellery designers from around the globe, throughout the twentieth century to the present day.
Some of the book notable features:
From the best-selling author of 21st-Century Jewellery Designs, and Lydia Courteille
Designs, and Lydia Courteille In -depth interviews with experts on the work of Suzanne Belperron and Juliette Moutard for the famous jewellery house
-depth interviews with experts on the work of Suzanne Belperron and Juliette Moutard for the famous house Among the many names included are Coco Chanel, Suzanne Belperron and Paloma Picasso
Jewellery firms include: Boivin, Cartier, Van Cleef & Arpels, Bulgari, Jensen, Tiffany & Co.
Designers featured: Alma Pihl, Coco Chanel, Suzanne Belperron, Juliette Moutard, Olga Tritt, Elisabeth Treskow, Margaret de Patta, Jeanne Toussaint, Line Vautrin, Margret Craver, Vivianna Torun Bülow-Hübe, Nanna Ditzel, Marianne Ostier, Barbara Anton, Gerda Flöckinger, Astrid Fog, Cornelia Roethel, Catherine Noll, Angela Cummings, Elsa Peretti, Wendy Ranshaw, Marina B, Marie-Caroline de Brosses, Marilyn Cooperman, Paloma Picasso, Victoire de Castellane, Alexandra Mor, Ornella Iannuzzi, Neha Dani, Paula Crevoshay, Nathalie Castro, Claire Choisne, Bina Goenka, Carla Amorim, Monique Péan, Michelle Ong Carnet, Kara Ross, Lydia Courteille, Suzanne Syz, Sylvie Corbelin, Kaoru Kay Akihara, Katey Brunini, Luz Camino, Cindy Chao, Aida Bergsen, Anna Hu, Barbara Heinrich, Jacqueline Cullen, Cynthia Bach.
About The Author
A Fellow of the Gemmological Association of Great Britain (Gem A), Juliet Weir-de La Rochefoucauld began her career at Sotheby's & Co., London. Based in France, she is also the author of Twenty-First Century Jewellery Designers: An Inspired Style ISBN 9781851497294 (Antique Collectors' Club, 2013). Juliet's great-grandfather, Thomas Weir, founded the jewellersWeir & Sons in Dublin in 1869, a company that is still run by members of the family.
Women Jewellery Designers by Juliet Weir-de La Rochefoucauld is published by ACC Arts Books
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP) — A Latino lawmaker in Virginia is being criticized for his work for an immigration detention center.
Del. Alfonso Lopez is a Democrat who has represented a South Arlington district with a significant Hispanic population since 2012.
The Washington Post reports that Latino activists are demanding that he apologize and be stripped of his leadership position in the General Assembly because of his work for Immigration Centers of America, which operates a detection center in Farmville.
According to Lopez's financial disclosure reports, he was paid more than $5,000 in 2014 and more than $10,000 a year in 2015 and 2016 by ICA.
Lopez, a U.S.-born son of a Venezuelan immigrant, said in a statement that he is proud of his heritage and is “open, honest and a fierce advocate” for his community.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Hackensack, NJ – May 29, 2018 – Meadowlands Veterinary Hospital, is a comprehensive veterinary care hospital conveniently located on the corner of W Pleasantview Ave and NJ-17 S in Hackensack, NJ. Not only do they offer routine preventative care, in house diagnostics, dental surgery, orthopedic and soft tissue surgery; but also have available overnight critical care at their facility.
Office hours are 9:00 a.m. until 7:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, and 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. on Saturday, and 10am-3pm on Sunday. These convenient hours and their wide range of services is what brought Aji & Rob Janis to their facility with their sick pet. “We couldn't be happier to have switched to them. Our first experience with them was calling on a Saturday morning with a sick dog that ended up needing surgery. I wasn't sure if they would even consider us since we had never been there. A few other places we had tried couldn't care less about our pup's welfare and kept referring us to the ER because weekend was an inconvenient time for them. Thankfully Meadowlands had a different attitude! They had us come in right away and listened to all our concerns and worked out an immediate treatment plan with us. They treated our pup's situation with a very loving and caring attitude and truly helped us understand what's going on…I am glad they are in the neighborhood!”
In their efforts to provide the best possible pet care as well as accessibility to pet owners, they have developed a Wellness Care Program which allows owners to pay special, discounted pricing on routine services.
Schedule An Appointment For Your Pet
Appointments can be made by calling 201-646-2008, or online at https://meadowlandsvethospital.com/
New Delhi: In an undated letter written to CJI Deepak Misra, senior advocate Rajeev Dhavan said he was giving up court practice after the "humiliating end" to the power tussle case between the Delhi government and Centre.
“After the humiliating end to the Delhi case, I have decided to give up court practice. You are entitled to take back the Senior gown conferred on me, though I would like to keep it for memory and services rendered,” he wrote.
The case saw heated exchanges between CJI Misra and Dhavan, who was one of the lawyers representing the Delhi government.
A five-judge Constitution bench is hearing a clutch of petitions in the matter. Dhavan was one of the senior lawyers appearing in the case on behalf of the Delhi government. The last date of hearing in the case had witnessed some heated arguments before a bench headed by the CJI. Dhavan was one of the senior lawyers appearing in the case on behalf of the Delhi government. The last date of hearing in the case had witnessed some heated arguments before a bench headed by the CJI. While the CJI wanted Dhavan to not argue the points already raised by another counsel from his side and rather give written submissions, Dhavan insisted on making oral arguments. Certain unsavoury comments were also made during the proceedings. While the CJI wanted Dhavan to not argue the points already raised by another counsel from his side and rather give written submissions, Dhavan insisted on making oral arguments. Certain unsavoury comments were also made during the proceedings.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
On the Fox News Channel's “Special Report” on Tuesday, radio host Laura Ingraham said the leaks on former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn are “the stuff police states do.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Ingraham said, “This is the stuff police states do. They work to destroy the reputations of good people using information that is classified and private against individual citizens, and it should frighten anybody. And so, the Trump administration may have made mistakes, may not have made mistakes. I'm still not sure that we know Mike Flynn definitively lied on this. he hasn't even been able to reveal the transcripts, apparently, when the FBI interviewed him. But this is serious, and these leaks have been going on, though, Bret, for many weeks, really since Trump was elected, and I think Obama embeds, who are able to stay in the government and remain in their positions are part of this. They want to undermine Trump as much possible, and I think some of them have committed federal crimes in doing this.”
Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo
Market Research Future published a Half-Cooked Research Report on “Cancer Biological Therapy Market Research Report” Cancer Biological Therapy Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 5.5% during the Forecasted Period 2018 – 2023.
Market Scenario
Cancer is the leading and the second largest cause of death across the globe. The disease is characterized by disordered and deregulated cellular and stromal explosion along with reduced cell death and growth factor deprivation, and others. Biological therapy treatment is done with the help of living organisms, parts of living organisms or laboratory manufactured version of such content. Various types of biological therapies, which inhibit specific molecules involved in development and growth of cancer tumor, such therapies known as; cancer targeted therapies.
Get Exclusive Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4371
The major driving factors for Asia Pacific cancer biological therapy market are increasing cancer survival rates, growing demand for advanced therapies such as biological therapy, growth of cancer healthcare facilities in emerging countries, etc. Additionally, less number of side effects associated with biological therapy as compared to conventional treatment methods is the critical growth factor. Conventional cancer treatment methods like chemotherapy, radiotherapy give effective result, but along with that these methods also show its counter effects on body.Biological therapies help to reduce the level of side effects as compared to other treatment methods. Biological therapies are giving the same amount of success rate for curing the cancer patient with 1st stage cancer approximately 27% to 35%.
The Asia Pacific cancer biological therapy market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.5% during the forecasted period.
Key Players
The leading market players in the Asia Pacific cancer biological therapy market include Merck & Co., Inc. (US), F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd (Switzerland), Novartis AG (Switzerland), Amgen Inc. (US), Bristol-Myers Squibb (US), Celgene (US), Eli Lilly and Company (US), EnGeneIC (Australia), Pfizer (US), Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (India), and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (India)
Segmentation
Asia Pacific cancer biological therapy market is segmented into types, phases, and end users.
On the basis of types the market is segmented into monoclonal antibodies, interferon, interleukins, cancer growth inhibitors, gene therapy, colony-stimulating factors, targeted therapy, cancer vaccines, and others. On the basis of phases, the market is segmented into phase I, phase II, and phase III.
On the basis of end users, the market is segmented into hospitals & clinics, cancer research centers, laboratories, and others.
reports, World Health Organization (WHO), White paper, Company Presentationa
Brose Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/apac-cancer-biological-therapy-market-4371
Regional Analysis:
China dominates the Asia Pacific cancer biological therapy market owing to increasing prevalence of cancer. Increasing adoption of smoking by people, rapid research & development and presence rapidly developing economy in this region fuel the growth of the market in Asia Pacific. Japan and Australia are other major contributor to the market growth in this region.
Intended Audience
Pharmaceutical Companies
Pharmaceutical Suppliers
Cancer Research Organizations
Potential Investors
Key Executive (CEO and COO) and Strategy Growth Manager
Research Companies
Major Table of Content:
1 Report Prologue
2 Market Introduction
2.1 Introduction
2.2 Scope Of Study
2.3 Research Objective
2.4 Assumptions & Limitations
2.4.1 Assumptions
2.4.2 Limitations
3 Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
4 Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restraints
4.3 Opportunities
5 Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porter's Five Forces Model
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
5.1.2 Bargaining Power Of Buyers
Get Prime Discount @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/4371
About US:
Market Research Future (MRFR), enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Federal prosecutors have said that while a case was already prosecuted in Wyoming, they felt "Utah's interests in the case have yet to be vindicated."
When pleading guilty in Wyoming, Harrison blamed his father, Flint Harrison, 52, for killing Ricks and said it was his dad's idea to steal Ricks' work truck. Flint Harrison hanged himself in a Davis County jail cell in July.
The Wyoming judge ordered that DJ Harrison serve his life sentence consecutive to a Utah prison term of 30-years-to-life DJ Harrison is serving for his role in kidnapping a Centerville family just days before Ricks was killed. The younger Harrison is currently serving out that sentence at the Utah State Prison.
The Harrisons kidnapped Ricks on May 12, 2016, while they were on the lam for kidnapping the Centerville mother and her four daughters. They drove the man and his truck from South Salt Lake to a rural road near Kemmerer, Wyo. It was there, the younger Harrison said during an April court hearing, that his father slit Ricks' throat before beating him to death with a metal rod. DJ Harrison admitted that he helped hold the victim as his father killed the man.
The father and son were captured by law enforcement two days after the killing near Pinedale, Wyo.
jmiller@sltrib.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Why is some perfume water called cologne?
Joe Snedeker headed to Independence Honda in Bloomsburg to ask folks there if they know where the word cologne came from.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COPE, Colo. — A farmer feels grateful to be alive after he was forced to lay in a ditch when he found himself surrounded by three tornadoes Monday.
Aaron Brown told KDVR he was out finishing work in his field near Cope, on the eastern plains of Colorado, when he saw the weather around him take a turn.
“The storm was coming up pretty quick,” said Brown.
“It was pretty intense.” This farmer says he was surrounded by tornados yesterday when his truck got stuck in the sand. He and three other people hid in a ditch as he watched tornados touch down around him. He spotted three total — two are in this video he shared with us. #KDVR pic.twitter.com/oxtRD337to — Emily Allen FOX31 (@EmilyAReports) May 29, 2018
Brown and three others tried to drive to safety, but their truck was stuck in the sand in the field. He watched as a tornado touched down in front of him. He turned around to see two more tornadoes on the other side of his truck. The group of four ran to a dry river bank because it was the lowest and safest place they could get to.
“It was pretty intense. I was pretty scared,” said Brown.
Eventually, the threat passed, and Brown and his crew walked away unscathed.
“God is good. That's all I can say. We were very lucky and blessed,” said Brown.
In Cope, the Hill's garage was destroyed during the severe storm. The Hill family was in Greeley when it hit and they found out the extent of the damage when a neighbor called to alert them that their garage was pressed against their house.
“We are cleaning up, hoping to rebuild. See what the insurance says and go from there,” said Linda Hill.
On Monday, they spent the day cleaning up and sorting through the debris.
“Very overwhelming,” said Linda Hill.
The National Weather Service said there were 14 tornadoes reported between 5 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. in Colorado. The experts were working to confirm the actual number of tornadoes that formed during the severe weather outbreak.
The opioid crisis is described now as a “national emergency” by the president. Will this open the floodgates for more funding, more help?
Last week, the president said he's declaring a national emergency of opioid abuse. What might that mean? The details are still to come, but the country is watching. 60,000 drug-related deaths predicted for the latest year. That's a 9/11 every three weeks, says Chris Christie, chairman of the president's commission on opioid abuse. So, if there's an emergency level response, where will that focus? On treatment? On police? On a wall? This hour On Point: the presidents “national emergency” on opioids. — Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Lenny Bernstein, health and medicine reporter for the Washington Post. (@LennyMBernstein)
Bertha Madras, member of President Trump's five-person Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis. Psychobiologist at McLean Hospital, and a professor at Harvard Medical School.
Helen Jones-Kelley, executive director of the Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services for Montgomery County, Ohio.
From Tom's Reading List
Washington Post: Trump says opioid crisis is a national emergency, pledges more money and attention — “President Trump on Thursday declared the country's opioid crisis a national emergency, saying the epidemic exceeded anything he had seen with other drugs in his lifetime. The statement by the president came in response to a question as he spoke to reporters outside a national security briefing at his golf club in Bedminster, N.J., where he is on a working vacation.”
Financial Times: Drug industry faces ‘tidal wave' of litigation over opioid crisis — “Companies that make or distribute opioid painkillers are facing a “tidal wave” of litigation as US officials seek to raise funds to fight the country's addiction epidemic and punish those they accuse of fuelling the crisis. The number of government officials launching legal action against drugmakers and wholesalers has soared in the past year in what some lawyers see as a harbinger of a settlement that could echo the more than $200bn extracted from the tobacco industry in 1998.”
NPR: What Could Happen If Trump Formally Declares Opioids A National Emergency — “The president could ask HHS Secretary Price to declare an emergency under the Public Health Service Act. Unlike FEMA, HHS doesn't have a standing emergency fund (although during last year's Zika virus scare, many people urged that one be established), but money could be freed up. Right now, public health workers and researchers are working on projects defined by grants from HHS. If Price were to declare an emergency, those workers could be redeployed temporarily, from working on AIDS outreach for example, to work on substance abuse issues.”
LONDON — Europe's major markets surged in mid-morning trading on Monday following a week in the doldrums due to a war of words between the U.S. and North Korea.
All major markets were up, led by the FTSE MIB in Milan, which climbed 1.2 percent to 21,612.90, followed by the DAX in Frankfurt, 1 percent to 12,136.02 and the CAC 40 in Paris, 0.8 percent to 5,103.77. The FTSE 100 in London climbed 0.6 percent to 7,350.97.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You won't want to leave the garden all summer as Argos have reduced the price of their Intex Pure Spa and Plunge Pool by over 50 per cent.
It may be a miserable week of weather in Gloucestershire but sunnier days are on their way and the bargain Argos hot tub won't be around for long.
Many stores, including Asda, Tesco and Aldi, are getting in on the act with summer round the corner but Argos' offering may be the best yet.
Argos has knocked nearly £755 off its massive Intex Pure Spa with Plunge Pool, reducing it from £1249.99 right down to £494.99.
The deal was picked up by a member of the Extreme Couponing and Bargains UK Group on Facebook and their post quickly got loads of comments and shares, reports Chronicle Live.
The Spa & Pool's online product description on the Argos website reads “Pool or Spa? Why choose! With the Intex PureSpa Bubble Massage with Pool you combine the relaxation of the PureSpa with the refreshment of a cool pool.
(Image: Argos)
“Designed with Intex's unique patented puncture resistant 3-ply laminated material and built in Hard-Water Treatment System. Approximate inflated size: 386 x 183 x 71cm. 270 Soothing Bubble Jets (120 spa & 150 pool).
“Includes 2 inflatable benches, an insulated safety cover, ground cloth, chemical dispenser and 2 filter cartridges.”
The discounted pool is available online from the Argos website but if you want to head in store to see if you can get one, there are branches of Argos in the likes of
Turning to face the camera, Bowen offered advice to younger actors: "Keep doing it. Don't let anybody stop you from doing it."
Bowen never stopped, through her years studying acting at Weber State University and through performances at Hale, SLAC, Ogden's Ziegfeld Theater and CenterPoint Legacy Theatre, where her mother, Jennie Richardson, manages the costumes department.
"She was a force, someone who always gave her all, which I admired so much," says Latoya Cameron, who played Tybalt to Bowen's Mercutio in SLAC's 2015 production of "R + J: Star Cross'd Death Match" in the Metro bar. "I loved her off the stage, too. She always just knew how to make you feel seen when you felt super alone."
Even when the pair were called back to compete for the same part, Bowen was notable for her supportiveness. "Either of us can do this job," she said, wishing Cameron luck in her auditions.
"She was somebody who I could watch in rehearsal 24 hours a day," says Cynthia Fleming, SLAC's executive artistic director.
Friends and former teachers remember Bowen for her incandescent sense of humor and originality, on display as she rode her trademark scooter around the Weber State University campus. "She brought joy into the process everywhere she went," says Jim Christian, who taught and directed Bowen in WSU's musical theater program. "She was kind of like a surprise package that every time you opened it, you didn't know what you were going to find."
As a performer, Bowen may have been intuitively talented like her mother, but she was always working to improve her vocal and acting skills. Offstage, she was "nothing but a bundle" of love, says Hale Centre Theatre vice president Sally Dietlein, who has been close to the family and watched Jenessa grew up.
Cameron Garner met Bowen when they were kids in "Carol," and they grew up performing in several shows as siblings before they landed in theater classes together at Weber. Garner, who teaches drama at Taylorsville High School, recalls Bowen's aplomb in a WSU performance of "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow." She got so caught up in a scene she picked up the wrong cookie and then bit into a shellacked prop. "This tastes weird," she ad-libbed, and went on to eat the rest of the cookie, while her castmates struggled not to break the scene with laughter.
She was a fearless actor and could sing like a dream, but her comedy skills set her apart. She was willing to try anything onstage. "She was very, very, very funny," Garner says, recalling the moment in "Sister Act" where her spacey character inexplicably breaks out speaking Spanish.
"I think a lot of us get into the business of storytelling because in some ways it allows us to escape ourselves, but that was never an issue for Jenessa," Garner says. "She was never afraid to confront her immense capabilities and her immense weaknesses. She used both of those things to reach audiences."
Beyond her talents, her friends underscore her generosity. "Another thing that set her apart as an actress was her complete willingness to make a family out of anybody she met," Garner says.
ellenf@sltrib.com
Breaking Down the “Trump Effect”
It's still early to see the effects of Trump's policy changes, but his immigration rhetoric already seems to have far-reaching consequences. But will that continue?
U.S. Customs and Border Protection reported a sharp decline in apprehensions along the southwest border last month. In March, 16,600 people were apprehended or determined “inadmissible,” compared to 23,570 people in February and 42,477 people in January. These are the lowest monthly numbers in the past seventeen years. The second lowest number dating back to 2000 was in December 2011 with 18,983 people.
CBP credits the marked decline to the “implementation of executive orders to enforce immigration laws,” and the Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, called the dip, “no accident” in a written testimony. But according to Faye Hipsman, a policy analyst at the nonpartisan think tank the Migration Policy Institute, it's not so much the implementation of new policy affecting immigration as it is President Trump's rhetoric. It's what some experts are referring to as the “Trump effect.”
“There is a tremendous amount of fear of interior immigration enforcement in immigrant communities right now because of some of the policies laid out in the Trump executive orders and things he's said,” Hipsman says. “A lot of the fear is a bit misguided because he hasn't really ramped up operations significantly, which is conducting a huge increase in raids or checkpoints, but a lot of fear has been drummed up.”
Certainly, Trump has backed his promises in terms of immigration with presidential action. But Hipsman says that implementation of some parts of Trump's executive orders, such as opening more detention spaces, will take time to produce real results. She also adds that there currently isn't enough information on ICE arrests under Trump to compare them to those under previous administrations, but it's the nature of the arrests that stand out.
Those arrests are what ICE refers to as “collateral apprehensions.” In February, more than half of the people arrested by ICE in some of the highly reported raids in Austin were non-criminals. Other arrests made during routine check-ins with ICE and even of “Dreamers” have made undocumented immigrants unsure of their security in the U.S., and that seems to be influencing how they interact with local law enforcement. News of an ICE arrest of an undocumented trans woman outside of family court in El Paso just after she obtained a protective order spread across the nation. The incident prompted concerns from both immigration and sexual violence advocates that her arrest would result in a “chilling effect” in which fewer undocumented victims of sexual or domestic violence would file police reports.
And last week, the Houston Police Department announced that the number of Hispanics reporting rapes from January to March of 2016 had dropped 42.8 percent compared to last year. “When you see this type of data, and what looks like the beginnings of people not reporting crime, we should all be concerned,” Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo said at a news conference. According to the Houston Chronicle, Acevedo didn't directly attribute the decrease in reports to the actions or rhetoric of the Trump administration, but he did note that similar trends are happening in other parts of the country, such as Los Angeles.
The “Trump effect” could also be accountable for surges in immigration that took place before his inauguration. In October, the number of apprehensions and inadmissible people rose to 66,710—second highest to 68,804 in May 2014—before beginning to drop. According to the Waco Tribune-Herald, some experts think that increase took place because people moved up their immigration plans in order to make it to the U.S. before the election.
Hipsman says it's hard to tell whether the number of apprehensions in March are a accurate indicator of what's to come in the future. Numbers of apprehensions tend to swell in early spring, and whether or not they do this year might be a more accurate indicator of the “Trump effect” on immigrants.
“We've seen a trend of three months, but by no means does it mean that this is a lasting trend or that it will continue once people's fears and also the policy changes. Once all that gets ironed out and the dust settles, the numbers may increase again” Hipsman says. “It just depends on when the dust settles on these policies and what changes actually take place. People aren't coming right now because they think that they may be detained for longer periods or that they may be prosecuted, but if the policies don't actually change people will realize that and could start coming again.”
Kate Christensen Mills, a former deputy director for congressional relations for ICE, is also unsure about how implementation of Trump's executive orders could shape up. She does, however, have ideas about what the decrease in border apprehensions could mean for ICE arrests. “If you're going to have a decrease of people coming across the border, you're going to have an increase in interior enforcement,” Mills said at the Border Security Expo. According to the Huffington Post, Mills predicts that the increase of interior arrests will be of people who have been in the U.S. for longer and who don't have criminal records, because there are “only so many criminal aliens.”
ICE removals began dropping after 2012, going from 409,849 that year down to 240,255 in 2016. Over 90 percent of last year's interior removals were of convicted criminals, something ICE concludes came from their continued focus on targeting “individuals who threaten public safety, national security, and border security.” That percentage has steadily increased from 2011, when it was just 67 percent. Whether those numbers will continue on their current trend is hard to say just months into Trump's first term, but Hipsman also believes the percentage of criminals removed may have decreased.
“It's not likely that the numbers of removals from the country has increased substantially since Trump took office,” Hipsman says. “What is likely changing is the composition of people who are removed. Under the Obama administration there were enforcement priorities which meant that people who were removed tended to be serious criminals, people with recent removal orders, recent arrivals and under this administration, that prioritization system is no longer in place. So what we're likely to see is a higher share of removals that are of non-criminals, people that would not have been priorities under the previous administration.”
As for border crossing, Hipsman adds that there's always the chance that even when Trump's policies are solidly in place, they might not affect some immigrants at all. “A lot of people are fleeing very violent and dangerous situations,” Hipsman says. “And for some of those people no level of deterrents or detention is going to stop them.”
Watch FOX 5 News at Six every night this week for a chance to win two tickets to see Jay-Z in concert on Tuesday, Dec. 19 at Viejas Arena.
Watch for “Call Now” to appear on the screen. The fifth caller to call 888-244-3221 will win the prize.
Enter every day to increase your chances!
Click here for official contest rules.
“What I really wanted to work on this season was defining the French rules, my take on French spirit. Between the L'Oréal [Paris lipstick] collaboration, the [costumes for Paris Opera] ballet [“Renaissance”] and Brigitte Macron wearing Balmain, this past year has been really French for me,” said Olivier Rousteing listing the characteristics that for him set a French house apart: “quality, elegance, richness, youth — and sometimes a bit of controversy.”
The designer focused on “timeless” quintessentially Balmain staples like marinière-inspired beaded bodycon minis, sparkly tweed knits, and strong-shouldered jackets crystal-embroidered up to the hilt and swooshing with chains, layered over destroyed branded band T-shirts. Fabrics spanned metallics, patent leather, men's wear cloths and fluffy textures working graphic red, white and blue patterns — a nod to the tricolor French flag — on black backgrounds.
“Trends come and go, but iconic pieces are forever. Right now, I'm more into the idea of having a timeless collection — pieces you could see in a museum in 50 years and say, that's Balmain,” Rousteing said.
Six-button double-breasted blazers and cropped velvet jackets tacked with bows telegraphed an “old France” madame vibe, while channeling a youth factor were the silver constellation-embroidered dresses with jagged asymmetric hems just waiting to party, and the rock ‘n' roll beaded velvet jackets crammed with Ziggy Stardust-inspired motifs.
Bags ranged from new versions of the Balmain B.Box to the fun Star bag inspired by an icon of U.S. pop culture: a Starbucks coffee cup.
A bipartisan proposal to repeal the death penalty in Washington state will get a hearing Wednesday morning. But the Democratic chair of the House Judiciary Committee said there's no plan to hold a vote on the measure.
Judiciary Chair Laurie Jinki ns is a co-sponsor of House Bill 1935 to replace the death penalty with life without parole. The bill was introduced at the request of Democratic Attorney General Bob Ferguson.
But Jinkins said repeal remains a politically fraught issue in Washington.
“There still is a lot of trepidation about moving forward when you're not going to end up with the bill reaching the governor's desk,” she said.
That's why Jinkins said she will not try to move the repeal bill out of her committee before a Friday cut-off deadline. Still, she said there's value in holding a public hearing because it advances the repeal conversation in Washington.
“We can help start and continue a dialogue about a topic and it seems like this one is a really worthwhile one to do that,” Jinkins said.
There are indications that support for repeal in Washington is growing. In January, Ferguson was joined by former Washington Attorney General Rob McKenna, a Republican, at a press conference to announce this year's repeal effort. Two Republican state senators, Maureen Walsh and Mark Miloscia, also participated and are sponsoring a companion repeal measure in the Senate -- also at the request of Ferguson.
But the Republican chair of the Senate Law and Justice Committee, Mike Padden, said he has no plans to hold a hearing on the Senate bill.
“I will consider holding a hearing on the death penalty if and when the House passes it first,” Padden said in an emailed statement.
Jinkins clearly views Padden, who supports the death penalty, as a roadblock to repeal.
“I think the challenge in the legislative sense is until you get kind of a détente about the topic of the death penalty, meaning that both the House and the Senate agree to hearings and that they will move the bill along if there are votes to do that, then we're not going to be able to move it along,” Jinkins said.
Jinkins added that she believes there are the votes in both the Washington House and Senate to abolish the death penalty if brought to the floor of each chamber for a vote.
But in the end it could be the Washington Supreme Court that strikes down the death penalty. The court is currently considering a case involving death row inmate Allen Eugene Gregory who is black. Death penalty opponents including the ACLU have argued in that case that Washington's system of capital punishment is arbitrary and disproportionately imposed on African Americans who make up a very small percentage of the state's population.
Of the 78 people executed in Washington since 1904, 66 were white and 7 were black. The death penalty in Washington was briefly abolished in the mid-1970s.
The state currently has eight men on death row. However, executions are on hold because of a 2014 moratorium imposed by Gov. Jay Inslee, a Democrat. A similar moratorium is in place in Oregon.
Last December, Inslee granted his first reprieve to death row inmate Clark Richard Elmore who raped and killed 14-year-old Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham in 1995.
The last execution in Washington was in 2010. Cal Coburn Brown died by lethal injection for the rape and murder of 21-year-old Holly Washa of Burien.
In 2003, serial killer Gary Ridgway was spared the death penalty in exchange for pleading guilty to the murders of 48 women and helping authorities find the remains of some of his still missing victims.
According to the Death Penalty Information Center, 19 states have abolished or had the death penalty overturned, most recently Delaware in 2016.
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
It's the first time in seven years that the monthly jobs report has shown a loss of jobs, instead of at least some growth; the last job decline was in September 2010. But economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past 3 months, the BLS says.
The Boreal forest is essential to Canada and the world, storing carbon, purifying water and air and regulating climate. But keeping tabs on the health of this vulnerable biome has proven to be a painstaking and time-consuming undertaking - until now.
Cutting-edge DNA metabarcoding technology developed by the University of Guelph can help speed up and improve the monitoring process, according to a new study published today in Scientific Reports.
"We get a lot more information out of DNA, and we were able to reproduce the data and the interpretations of the data that the standard morphology approach provided," said study co-author Mehrdad Hajibabaei, a professor in U of G's Department of Integrative Biology.
In the study, researchers compared use of advanced DNA meta-barcoding technology -- identifying DNA from many aquatic organisms at once -- with hands-on identification of invertebrate specimens, used for decades to assess ecosystem biodiversity.
Accurate and timely information about the boreal ecosystem has never been more urgently needed, according to forest scientists. Rising temperatures in the boreal region are leading to degradation of permafrost, as well as more intense droughts and wildfires. Climate change is causing wildfires to burn more fiercely, pumping more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.
However, federal scientists have been challenged by the sheer volume of bio-monitoring needed for Canada's forest integrity program, Hajibabaei said.
"They need to assess the health of this forest, and one way to do that is to look at the presence of invertebrates in the streams."
Stream health is an indicator of overall forest health and biodiversity. The time-tested but time-consuming approach was to manually collect specimens by hand and then identify indicator organisms.
"Natural Resources Canada wanted to get into using the approach - DNA metabarcoding - that my lab has been researching for quite some time," Hajibabaei said.
"They approached us and we initiated this collaboration. The importance of this work is both in terms of taking this approach into a real-world scenario and helping to address the needs of Canadian Forest Service for timely monitoring."
Metabarcoding is quick and highly effective at detecting many different aquatic organisms in water, Hajibabaei said.
Identifying invertebrates manually takes time and requires experts, whose results may not always be consistent, he added.
Another important aspect of the work is that it can be applied to an environmental gradient, measuring fluctuations in conditions based on various stressors and processes, Hajibabaei said.
The study involved scientists from U of G's Centre for Biodiversity Genomics and Natural Resources Canada's Great Lakes Forestry Centre in Sault Ste. Marie.
The study calls metabarcoding "a potentially transformative approach to biomonitoring, biodiversity discovery and ecosystem health assessments."
The findings give Natural Resources Canada more confidence in DNA monitoring, Hajibabaei said. "Obviously if they want to mitigate any type of impact, faster and more high throughput approaches are always in demand."
###
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SLIDELL, La. - Would you stop for gas if you saw this at the pumps?
This creepy video shows a massive swarm of mayflies taking over a convenience store in Slidell, Louisiana.
"I saw it last night around 11 and it was crazy," says Dalton Bond, who witnessed the swarm firsthand.
Kenny Hickman, who captured the frenzy on his cell phone, says it's unlike anything he's ever seen.
"I started filming it with my phone and I'm like I'm not getting out,” Hickman tells WGNO.
Thankfully, mayflies have a short lifespan and typically live for roughly 24 hours.
"I'm either having them for dinner, up my ears, up my nose, I haven't seen so many before swarm," says Hickman.
Just like moths, mayflies are attracted to light, so a bright gas station fits the bill no matter how unnerving their buggy behavior seems to us.
According to Entomology Today, mayfly swarms are common in late spring and early summer during mating season.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A major road in Gloucester is blocked after an accident.
Traffic is queuing on A38 Eastern Avenue Eastbound around A4302 Metz Way following a crash at around 8.10am today.
The accident is believed to have happened near the Big Yellow Self Storage facility.
Gloucestershire police have attended the scene. We have approached the force for more details.
For the latest news and breaking news visit www.gloucestershirelive.co.uk/news.
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @GlosLiveOnline - the official GlosLive account – for real news in real time.
We're also on facebook.com/GlosLiveOnline - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day.
Michelle knows we support our teachers! Can her students help her win?
Justin Bieber's mom says she has a special bond with Selena Gomez. What's the name of Selena's latest single with Marshmello?
As real estate business Murphy and Boyden hits its 20th anniversary this year, the owner says family and community are the secret to the business' success.
Margaret Boyden moved to the Goldfields more than 40 years ago and established the real estate agency with a friend in 1998, after selling a property of her own.
“I only came to Kalgoorlie for 12 months but I never left,” she said.
Twenty years later and after buying out her former business partner Lindsay Murphy, Mrs Boyden now works with her brother, her sister and her sister-in-law as well as a group of loyal staff she also claims as her family.
Mrs Boyden said the business of selling and leasing real estate had changed over the two decades and while she remembered fondly the days of typewriters, fax machines and having to develop film for photos of houses, today's technology made the job a lot easier.
She said the business' philosophy of family first had remained steady over the years though.
“Nobody is just a number, we try to be part of the household while we are selling it,” she said.
Mrs Boyden said Kalgoorlie had given her family opportunity and success and while people may look at bigger cities and places to live there could be diamonds, or gold, in your own backyard.
She said she could not imagine living anywhere else.
And the business certainly would not be slowing down anytime soon.
“It might sound silly but when it comes to retirement plans, I do not need one,” Mrs Boyden said.
“Because if it's something that you love, why not?”
Eugene Melnyk got a second chance in life.
Now, the Ottawa Senators owner wants to give other people the opportunity.
Melnyk, who received a liver transplant after a public appeal in May 2015, announced the launch of The Organ Project during a news conference Wednesday morning at the Canadian Tire Centre.
Melnyk is encouraging organ donation awareness. He will roll it out in the next eight to 12 months in Ontario then across Canada and into the United States.
“I've waited for this day for two years,” Melnyk said Wednesday.‎ “We want to save lives.”
Accompanied by Dr. Atul Humar from the UHN in Toronto said Melnyk was close to death when he first started treating him.
“Everytime I went home I wasn't sure he would survive until the next morning,” said Humar.
‎Melnyk said the system for organ donation needs to be fixed. People support organ donation but only 30 per cent have signed up to donate. ‎
“Through my experience, I've met many families who have endured years of heartache and broken hope, waiting for an organ to become available,” said Melnyk in a statement. “As a caring and compassionate society, we can and must do better. I hope you join me in ending the organ transplant wait list; choose to save a life!”
The goal of the organization, which will work with government officials from the federal and provincial government, is to try to help make the process of organ donation quicker and easier.
“The systems are cumbersome and need to be more user friendly. There are also several policy changes that need to be explored, and we will work with stakeholders across Canada to help identify real, practical solutions,” said the mission statement on the The Organ Project website.
“The goal of the Organ Project is to save lives. While there are many aspects of the organ transplantation process in Canada that can be improved upon, the one thing that every single person in Canada can do is making sure there are enough donors.
“The problem of the wait list is solvable- this isn't like finding a cure for a disease. Practical policies and engaging awareness campaigns can and will save lives.”
As part of the fundraising activities, there will be a private performance with singer Carrie Underwood, who is married former Senators' centre Mike Fisher, on March 31st at Fairmont Royal York hotel in Toronto. Single tickets are $1,500 and a table of 10 is $15,000.
The organization has set up a website called theorganproject.net
bgarrioch@postmedia.com
Twitter:@sungarrioch
0 Red Ink Rising National debt goes over $21 trillion
A week after the feds announced the largest budget deficit in February in six years, the national debt edged over $21 trillion for the first time ever on Monday, as budget experts argue the U.S. is on a track that will likely again feature yearly deficits of $1 trillion, a level reached only during the Obama Administration.
“This is unsustainable,” said Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI).
The $21 trillion debt milestone was hit as lawmakers in Congress were trying to place the finishing touches on a giant Omnibus funding bill which will increase deficits by well over $100 billion in 2018, because of extra spending approved for both domestic and defense accounts.
Even before that, budget watchdogs were warning of a new tide of red ink in the Trump Administration.
“Thanks to the recent budget-busting tax cuts and spending deal, the national debt is skyrocketing and on an unsustainable course,” said Maya MacGuineas, head of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.
The February budget numbers had two main reasons why the monthly deficit jumped to $215 billion – up from $192 billion in 2017 – less revenue coming in to Uncle Sam, and more spending.
Tax revenues were $155 billion in February, down from $171 billion a year ago.
While deficits are heading back up, there's no hint of action in the Congress on any plan to restrain spending, though only a handful GOP lawmakers publicly grumbled about the situation, as they waited to see what exactly was in the Omnibus.
Whats in the omnibus bill that will fund the entire country on Wednesday? No one can tell you for sure. The deadline was sept 30, 2017. Its probably the only consequential bill that will pass this year. There is a serious problem with this process! — Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) March 20, 2018
As early as Wednesday, the House plans to vote on a trillion-dollar spending billstuffed with all sorts of unrelated measuresand we dont even have the text. Thats insane. This leadership team has found a way to make the process worse than existed under @SpeakerBoehner. — Justin Amash (@justinamash) March 19, 2018
But the Omnibus has become almost a normal spending tool for Congress, unable to get through the dozen yearly spending bills on time.
For the current 2018 Fiscal Year, lawmakers were supposed to have finished 12 funding measures by October 1 of last year – but that spending work has only been completed on time in four of the last 43 years – one reason there are calls to overhaul the system.
Share. "But who is the Dreamer?" "But who is the Dreamer?"
Warning: Full spoilers for the episode below.
For those of you who never wound up watching, or re-watching, Fire Walk with Me...I'm sorry?
This revival series is heavily banking that you know the prequel film well since a good portion of it was about missing FBI agents, Blue Rose cases, and more direct, serialized ties to the supernatural.
"Part 14" was a stellar outing for this new series - the best episode since the harrowing and confounding "Part 8." We were gifted with more intel about the Blue Rose unit itself -- including the very first case involving doppelgänger Lois Duffys -- but we also saw Andy get sucked up into the Lighthouse, meet the Giant/?????? (who now goes officially by "The Fireman"), and rescue the no-eyed woman, Naido, who we saw interact with Cooper back in "Part 3."
What does it all mean, necessarily? Well, as with all Lynch projects there's a dream deciphering element to it. Meaning, there's only so much you can actually glean. You can dive inside the codes and symbols and visuals, but there's only ever an abstract takeaway. Like in an actual dream. Just swirling subconscious that has roots in reality, but is still mean to represent the truth blasted through a warped funhouse mirror.
Dreams were a huge portion of "Part 14." Not that they aren't already a massive part of Peaks, as well as most David Lynch films, but here, in particular, Cole remembered not only a dream he had (cameo'ing Monica Bellucci as herself in a black and white Parisian cafe film!) but also the moment in Fire Walk with Me when Cooper appeared (one his brief moments in the movie) and told Cole about a dream he had. And then the arrival of David Bowie's Phillip Jeffries - a spooky, out-there moment that we've now discovered was forgotten by both Cole and Albert! What a cool way to get Bowie posthumously back on the show.
For the first time in a stretch, Peaks felt like it was consolidating things instead of spreading them all further apart. Not that you're into this show to get hard answers, but you are in it to get answers of a certain type. I'm way more of an "ambiguity guy" than an "answer guy," if those are actual classifications, but you do enter into a story to experience a resolution. That doesn't have to mean every "I" gets dotted, or that ever hole must get filled, but you want to come out the other side with a sense that those directing you through had a point - even if it's an obscure one.
"Part 14" was also filled with an ample amount of nightmares - from the aforementioned return of Naido, to Andy watching (basically) a recap of Peaks' greatest horrors in the Lighthouse skylight, to Sarah freakin' Palmer taking her face off and then ripping a "Truck You" trucker's throat out with her teeth. Now that was a mighty morsel there. We've known something was off about Sarah for weeks now (not that she was ever a stable presence), but because the show moves at a slow-burn pace we've only been teased with outbursts, static noise and time loops.
Like textbook Peaks though, nothing happens until everything happens. I won't even try to theorize what's wrong with her, but she's obviously a vessel now for a violent sinister entity and a huge part of the toxic happenings in town. Happenings that are still hard to pin down since sometimes it's hard to discern whether or not the thing you're seeing is directly caused by alien interference/malevolence or if it's just vintage Lynch. The jail cell scene comes to mind here as Chad was utterly annoyed by the chattering of both Naido and a local drunk. Was the oozing drunk (like the sick oozing girl in the car next to the "Why is this happening!?" woman from a month ago) just an off-putting obnoxious local or was he a part of the area's resident evil?
Before I move on, I wanted to mention how cool it was to see Andy become a direct part of the wigged-out bats*** side of series. Always representing the bumbling "comedy" side of Peaks, Andy had a big hero moment this week after he vanished into the Lighthouse (which I'm just assuming it was since the Fireman was there and it was in black and white), watched the birth of Bob (which includes Erica Eynon being billed as the "Experiment"), the terror of the Woodsman, the crazed creature in the box, and came out with full knowledge of what to do with the scared and vulnerable Naido. He carried her back to the precinct without pause or emotional stumbling. The guy who would get sick and cry at crime scenes was now totally unfazed by the terrifying events that unfolded in front of him, and he was ready to act as an unwavering agent of good. Amazing.
Oh, and I haven't even touched upon the fact that "Deputy" Diane and Janey-E are SISTERS! That was a huge moment at the top of the episode that sort of got buried quickly because of how big everything else was. This is, finally, our link to draw the FBI to Dougie/Coop. I won't be so quick to presume that it'll happen as soon as next week (there's an ongoing joke about how it might literally take until the very last episode to get Dale Cooper back whole), but this is the connective tissue we needed.
Lastly, the final legs of the episode (until the rousing performance by Lissie in the Roadhouse!) involved playing a game-changing bit of catch-up with a young bloke named Freddie (Jake Wardle) who, apparently, also met with the Fireman and, for his troubles, received a permanent super-powered green garden glove capable of incredible "piledriver"-powered action.
By the way - already a better Iron Fist than Netflix's Iron Fist, despite only having showcased his strength by crushing walnuts.
Only a series like Twin Peaks can get away with inserting a major hero character into the story, more than halfway in, via 10-minute origin speech. And again, we accept it because of the saga's dreamscape qualities. It's a world where you only ever see most things partially (like Cooper's face in the Paris dream) while other things, however big or important, can pop in at any time to change the course of the narrative.
Hide press release Show press release
Hyundai Motor is continuing its success in the B-segment by introducing a refreshed i20 line-up. In order to meet customers' expectations, i20 five-door and Active now have a more modern design as well as updated safety features with Hyundai SmartSense. For the entire i20 line-up, Hyundai is also introducing a seven-speed dual clutch transmission (7DCT) for an optimal driving comfort and an Idle Stop and Go (ISG) system, which will reduce CO 2 emissions. Offering a choice of three different gasoline powertrains, the New i20 meets current market demands.
“The i20 is one of our DNA models and has continuously been one of our top-selling cars in Europe for a decade. The i range is the strong foundation of our brand's success in Europe”, says Andreas-Christoph Hofmann, Vice President Marketing & Product of Hyundai Motor Europe. “By updating the New i20 in design, safety, connectivity and powertrain line-up, we are continuing to meet the expectations of our customers to ensure the ongoing success of this model range.”
Styling: a fresher and more modern appearance
The styling of the i20 has been refreshed in several ways. The elegant lines of the New i20 emphasize its sophisticated exterior. The front of the i20 five-door now features the Cascading Grille, the family identity uniting all Hyundai models. In addition to its modern and fresh design, the New i20 also boasts a spacious and comfortable interior.
Exterior design
In order to make the New i20 more appealing and give it more character, the front of the five-door now features redesigned front bumpers including the Cascading Grille. The rear of the i20 five-door and Active also has updated bumpers and rear combination lamps, creating a more dynamic look. The tailgate has been reworked to integrate the license plate. Also, Hyundai has created a bolder appearance for the i20 five-door by adding new 15”- and 16”-alloy wheels.
The i20 five-door is available with a panoramic sun roof. Both versions – i20 five-door and Active – are available with a Phantom Black two-tone roof, offering customers more compelling options to personalize their car. Customers can also choose from ten distinctive colors for the exterior: Tomato Red, Champion Blue and Clean Slate are new colours in the i20 range, on top of the existing colours Passion Red, Aqua Sparkling, Cashmere Brown, Sleek Silver, Stardust, Polar White and Phantom Black.
Interior design
Customers can also select a wide range of colors for the interior that emphasize the youthful look of the New i20. The new Blue interior comes with a blue colored inlay that runs the full width of the dashboard and around the inner door handles. The new Red Point and Blue Point interior patterns with red or blue color accents allow customers to create a more distinctive look in the car's interior. As an alternative, the i20 still is available in sophisticated Black or Greyish Blue. Drivers of the New i20 also benefit from outstanding roominess, with an uncompromized trunk capacity of 326 litres (VDA).
Modern and connected
The revised Hyundai i20 range offers various new and advanced connectivity features that integrate seamlessly with the driver's smartphone, which will ensure even greater comfort while traveling. For every model of the entire i20 line-up, customers can choose between four different audio systems. In addition to the audio system with the 3.8-inch screen, Hyundai now offers a new five-inch monochrome screen. The new seven-inch Display Audio offers easy connectivity: customers can easily mirror content from their smartphone to the system's display using Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. As a result, passengers can use the navigation system of their smartphone without the need for built-in car navigation. Furthermore, the i20 is now available with an optional seven-inch infotainment system that integrates all navigation, media and connectivity features, and supports both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto as well as Live Services. The New i20 is available with a USB charger so passengers can re-charge their mobile devices.
Easy to handle, easy to run
The New i20 offers a choice of three gasoline powertrains. The Kappa 1.0-liter T-GDI engine, available for the entire i20 line-up, comes with a choice of two power outputs: the engine that is capable of 74 kW/100 PS is available with a five-speed manual transmission, while the high-power version of 88 kW/120 PS comes with a six-speed manual transmission. As an alternative, both powertrains can be matched with a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission – a Hyundai first in the i20 range. Offered for the i20 five-door and three-door Coupe, the Kappa 1.2-liter engine is available with two different outputs, both mated to a five-speed manual transmission: 55 kW/75 PS or 62 kW/84 PS. The i20 Active is available with the Kappa 1.4-liter engine generating an output of 74 kW/100 PS. The powertrain is paired with a six speed manual transmission. The Idle Stop and Go (ISG) is a standard feature in all three i20 versions, which will contribute to lower fuel consumption, lower CO 2 emissions and higher efficiency. The fuel savings of using the ISG will be especially apparent when driving in urban areas, as ISG automatically switches off the engine when the car comes to a halt.
By concentrating on efficient gasoline engines in the i20 range, Hyundai is responding to market demands. The 1.0 T GDI is now equipped with a built-in particulate filter to enhance environmental performance. The whole i20 powertrain line-up is fully compliant with Euro 6c regulations. Safe and reliable: introducing Hyundai SmartSense for i20 To comply with the highest European standards, the New i20 now also includes the latest Hyundai SmartSense active safety and drivers assistance systems. These include Lane Departure Warning System (LDWS), Lane Keeping Assist (LKA), Forward Collision Avoidance Assist (FCA) city and interurban, Driver Attention Warning (DAW) and High Beam Assist (HBA).
Lane Departure Warning System (LDWS)
The i20 can be equipped with Lane Departure Warning System (LDWS). LDWS alerts drivers with clear visual and acoustic warnings if the car begins to drift outside its intended lane. This can help prevent potential collisions with other vehicles.
Lane Keeping Assist (LKA)
The Lane Keeping Assist alerts the driver of unsafe movements at over 60 km/h by sensing the car's position. The Lane Departure Warning (LDW) sounds an alarm before the car moves over white, grey and blue lines as well as over Bott's dots, while LKA warns the driver acoustically and visually before inducing corrective steering to guide the driver back to a safe position.
Forward Collision-Avoidance Assist (FCA) city and interurban
The FCA (city and interurban) is an optional feature in the i20. It is an advanced active safety feature that alerts drivers to emergency situations, and brakes autonomously if required. Using a front camera, FCA operates in three stages. Stage one is initially warning the driver visually and acoustically. Stage two is controlling the brake if there is danger of collision. Stage three is applying maximum braking force to avoid a collision, or minimising the damage if a collision is unavoidable.
Driver Attention Warning (DAW)
The i20 features Driver Attention Warning, a driver-protection feature to help monitor driving patterns in order to detect reckless or fatigued driving and prevent potential accidents. The system analyses various vehicle signals, such as steering angle, steering torque, the vehicle's position in the lane, and driving time. In addition, the driver can adjust a user-selectable setting for the system's sensitivity. If the system detects inattentive driving patterns, a sound and message on the instrument display panel will alert the driver.
High Beam Assist (HBA)
When switched to automatic mode, High Beam Assist detects both oncoming vehicles and vehicles in the same lane ahead at night as well as changes to low-beam as appropriate, thereby reducing blinding effects on other drivers. When no more vehicles are detected, the system automatically reactivates the high beams, maximising the driver's range of vision. To further demonstrate the quality and reliability of the i20, all three variants are available with a unique five-
year, unlimited mileage warranty.
Paradox Church senior pastor Brad Joss and Salvation Army Baldivis officer Lt Ronald Stobie are disappointed over a number of burglaries which have occurred at the Paradox Church's site.
Paradox Church senior pastor Brad Joss and Salvation Army Baldivis officer Lt Ronald Stobie are disappointed over a number of burglaries which have occurred at the Paradox Church's site.
Salvation Army Baldivis and Paradox Church representatives have expressed their disappointment over the number of burglaries which have occurred at a former campsite on Fifty Road, which has resulted in damage to the property and theft of more than $20,000 worth of goods.
The property has been burgled five time since the beginning of February.
The former Salvation Army Baldivis site was sold to Paradox Church last year, with Salvation Army Baldivis renting a unit on site which is used for storage and as an office.
Salvation Army officer Lieutenant Ronald Stobie said there had been damage to a number of buildings on the site and about $27,000 worth of items and cash had been stolen from the Salvos' unit.
“A lot of it was audio equipment, computers, TVs and some cash, but it all adds up,” he said.
“It's more the damage to windows, windows sills and doors because all that has to be repaired.
“The other side to it is the more stuff that is taken away the less stuff we have for the community.”
Paradox Church senior pastor Brad Joss said it was “hugely disappointing” and security cameras had now been installed. Kwinana Police Station officer-in-charge Senior Sergeant Rob Read said all the offences had occurred overnight and it was not known if it was the same offender or group of offenders.
“Property of varying values has been stolen including a large volume of larger items on one occasion that would have needed a utility or small truck to remove,” he said.
“On each occasion, a forensic assessment has been made ... investigations are awaiting these forensic results.
“These incidents are frustrating and concerning due to the property being stolen and damage caused to enter the buildings or attempt to enter the buildings that require repairing each time.”
Sgt Read said police would continue to investigate all leads and he encouraged people to be vigilant and suspicious of any unusual behaviour in the area.
KOTTANZ – Popularly known as the GIFTS OF INDIA, announced that they will be launching a new; wide range of corporate gifts in India.
“With 500+ products, 1,00,000+ Facebook followers; 10000+ customers around the globe, KOTTANZ has the largest collection of Handcrafted Eco-friendly Gift Hampers in India. We have been specializing in the Wedding, baby shower; Festival segment all these while; now- we see a need for a change of taste and style in gifting for corporates” – Said Ms.Mithra, Founder-Kottanz. KOTTANZ has now become a livelihood for more than 100 underprivileged families in India; with the help of branch offices located at Hyderabad, Pune, Guwahati; Odisha – goal is to create jobs for 1001 women by 2021.
AP source: Warriors to re-sign big man Kevon Looney
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — The Golden State Warriors will be much younger next season, and general manager Bob Myers is working to keep much of the core intact to chase another championship.
Versatile big man Kevon Looney will re-sign with the two-time defending champions on a one-year deal for the minimum, a person with direct knowledge of the agreement said Tuesday.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity because Looney's new deal cannot become official until he signs after the moratorium period is lifted Friday.
Golden State already reached agreement with two-time reigning NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant on a two-year contract with a player option.
Bringing back Looney, a power forward and center, was a top priority for Myers, who also hopes to re-sign guard Patrick McCaw.
Looney lost about 30 pounds last offseason to transform his body, make himself faster and give him a regular spot in coach Steve Kerr's rotation, even earning starts in five postseason games during the absence of Andre Iguodala.
In his third professional season, the 22-year-old Looney averaged 4.0 points and 3.3 rebounds in 13.8 minutes per game.
While the Warriors lost center JaVale McGee to the Lakers, they added DeMarcus Cousins on Monday to give Golden State five potential All-Star starters once Cousins returns from a torn Achilles tendon that required surgery.
ESPN first reported Looney's agreement.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
(Adds U.S. Commerce Department, paragraphs 8-10)
By David Brunnstrom and Christian Shepherd
WASHINGTON/BEIJING, March 30 U.S. President Donald Trump set the tone for a tense first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping next week by tweeting on Thursday that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
The White House said Trump would host Xi next Thursday and Friday at his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida. It said Trump and his wife, Melania, would host Xi and his wife, Peng Liyuan, at a dinner next Thursday.
In a tweet on Thursday evening, Trump said the highly anticipated meeting between the leaders of the world's two largest economies, which is also expected to cover differences over North Korea and China's strategic ambitions in the South China Sea, "will be a very difficult one."
"We can no longer have massive trade deficits and job losses," he wrote, adding in apparent reference to U.S. firms manufacturing in China: "American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives."
Despite a string of U.S.-China meetings and conversations that have appeared aimed at mending ties after strong criticism of China by Trump during his election campaign, U.S. officials have said the Republican president will not pull his punches in the meeting.
General Electric Co Chief Executive Officer Jeff Immelt urged Trump on Thursday to maintain the country's economic relationship with China, saying the United States had much to gain from globalization.
"The country loses if we don't trade. The relationship with China is key," Immelt told an aviation panel hosted by industry group the Wings Club. "If you give up on trade, you give up on the best lever that the president of the United States has in negotiating around the world. I just think that President Trump is too smart to give up on that."
The U.S. Commerce Department said earlier that Beijing must change its trade practices and the way its state enterprises operate.
"China and others need to realize the games are over – continuing their unfair trade practices and operation as a non-market economy will have serious consequences,” it said.
The department said it was launching a new review of China's status as a non-market economy, which allows the United States to maintain high anti-dumping duties on cheap Chinese imports, but the designation is widely expected to remain in place.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang stressed the need to see the big picture while fostering mutual trade interests.
"The market dictates that interests between our two countries are structured so that you will always have me and I will always have you," he told a regular briefing.
"Both sides should work together to make the cake of mutual interest bigger and not simply seek fairer distribution."
'BIG ISSUES'
Trump administration officials say the need for China to do more to rein in the nuclear and missile programs of its neighbor and ally North Korea will top the agenda, along with trade. The U.S. side is also expected to criticize Beijing for its pursuit of expansive claims in the South China Sea.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer told a news briefing the meeting would be an opportunity for Trump "to develop a relationship in person with President Xi."
"He's spoken to him on the phone a few times, but we have big problems ... everything from the South China Sea, to trade, to North Korea. There are big issues of national and economic security that need to get addressed."
Asked if the administration had a vision, or a description for its China policy like the "pivot" or "rebalance" to Asia touted by former President Barack Obama, Spicer said: "Right now we're not worried so much about slogans as much as progress.
"There are a lot of big things that we need to accomplish with China, and I think that we will - we will work on them."
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson agreed in Beijing this month to work with China on North Korea and stressed Trump's desire to enhance understanding.
China has been irritated at being told repeatedly by Washington to rein in North Korea's nuclear and missile programs, or face U.S. sanctions on Chinese businesses trading with North Korea, and by the U.S. decision to base an advanced missile defense system in South Korea.
Beijing is also deeply suspicious of U.S. intentions toward self-ruled Taiwan, which China claims as its own, after Trump, as president-elect, broke with decades of U.S. policy by taking a phone call from Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen and saying Washington did not have to stick to a "one China" policy.
Trump later agreed in a phone call with Xi to honor the long-standing policy and has also written to him since seeking "constructive ties."
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd in Beijing and David Brunnstrom in Washington; Additional reporting by Matt Spetalnick and David Lawder in Washington and Alana Wise in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Peter Cooney)
LinkedIn has come up with native videos. Now you can record a video on any mobile device, even on computer and upload in on LinkedIn. This feature would prove to be exponentially helpful for marketing purpose as video sharing on this platform would add up to your reach and leads.
LinkedIn had been a platform that was not as exciting as any other platforms having video-sharing feature. However, now the people who specifically love to be on this platform to could make the most of the videos to promote their brand, interests, knowledge, etc.
Native video is there on both mobile devices and computers. Update the app on your device, and you will see the video camera icon right there.
Native video is experiencing to get comparatively more visibility. Since, it's reported to be given more weightage by the LinkedIn algorithm. The video can be of 3 seconds minimum and of 10 minutes maximum.
If you were live on Facebook, you can post that video taking out the most important 10-minute segment of it, saving it on your device and posting it on LinkedIn.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero.
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
Authorities have charged the son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend with hiring someone to kill his father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in.
Authorities have charged the son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend with hiring someone to kill his father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in.
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
AP-NORC/MTV poll: Young people feel more empowered in politics as midterms loom.
AP-NORC/MTV poll: Young people feel more empowered in politics as midterms loom.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, arrives for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University, Wednesday May 30, 2018, in New York.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Annabella Sciorra, left, stands with Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from left, Rosanna Arquette, and Farrow's mother Mia Farrow, right, as they arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners award...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, center, Annabella Sciorra, left, and Rosanna Arquette, right, arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University, Wednesday May 30, 2018, ...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
NEW YORK (AP) - Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers have watched from the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
The New York Times and The New Yorker magazine received the gold medal for public service Wednesday for reporting on decades of sexual abuse allegations against the Hollywood mogul.
The stories by Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey of The Times and Ronan Farrow for The New Yorker sparked the #MeToo movement.
Joining the luncheon at Columbia University in support of the journalistic work were Rosanna Arquette and Annabella Sciorra. The actresses are among those who have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct, allegations he denies.
Farrow was also joined by his mother, actress Mia Farrow.
Rapper-songwriter Kendrick Lamar was there to pick up his Pulitzer Prize for music.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Did the FNM hire Cambridge to swing the elections using fake propaganda material? HOW MUCH WERE THEY PAID?
Bosses tell undercover reporters how honey traps, spies and fake news can be used to help clients
BY https://www.theguardian.com
The company at the centre of the Facebook data breach boasted of using honey traps, fake news campaigns and operations with ex-spies to swing election campaigns around the world, a new investigation reveals.
Executives from Cambridge Analytica spoke to undercover reporters from Channel 4 News about the dark arts used by the company to help clients, which included entrapping rival candidates in fake bribery stings and hiring prostitutes to seduce them.
In one exchange, the company chief executive, Alexander Nix, is recorded telling reporters: “It sounds a dreadful thing to say, but these are things that don't necessarily need to be true as long as they're believed.”
The Channel 4 News investigation, broadcast on Monday, comes two days after the Observer reported Cambridge Analytica had unauthorised access to tens of millions of Facebook profiles in one of the social media company's biggest data breaches.
The company, and Nix, are under pressure from politicians in the US and the UK to explain how it handled the data and what role the information played in its campaigns, if any.
Cambridge Analytica has sold itself as the ultimate hi-tech consultant, winning votes by using data to pinpoint target groups and design messages that will appeal powerfully to their interests, although it denies using Facebook information in its work.
But in the undercover investigation by Channel 4 News, in association with the Observer, executives claimed to offer a much darker range of services.
No 10 ‘very concerned' over Facebook data breach by Cambridge Analytica
Read more
In a series of meetings with a reporter posing as a representative of a wealthy Sri Lankan family seeking political influence, Cambridge Analytica executives initially denied the company was in the business of using entrapment techniques.
But Nix later detailed the dirty tricks the company would be prepared to pull behind the scenes to help its clients.
When the reporter asked if Cambridge Analytica could offer investigations into the damaging secrets of rivals, Nix said it worked with former spies from Britain and Israel to look for political dirt. He also volunteered that his team were ready to go further than an investigation.
“Oh, we do a lot more than that,” he said over dinner at an exclusive hotel in London. “Deep digging is interesting, but you know equally effective can be just to go and speak to the incumbents and to offer them a deal that's too good to be true and make sure that that's video recorded.
“You know this sort of tactics is very effective, instantly having video evidence of corruption.”
Nix suggested one possible scenario, in which the managing director of Cambridge Analytica's political division, Mark Turnbull, would pose as a wealthy developer looking to exchange campaign finance for land. “I'm a master of disguise,” Turnbull said.
Another option, Nix suggested, would be to create a sex scandal. “Send some girls around to the candidate's house, we have lots of history of things,” he told the reporter. “We could bring some Ukrainians in on holiday with us, you know what I'm saying.”
He said these were hypothetical scenarios, but suggested his ideas were based on precedent. “Please don't pay too much attention to what I'm saying, because I'm just giving you examples of what can be done, what has been done.”
Any work may have stayed out of the spotlight partly because Cambridge Analytica works hard to cover traces of its operations, Nix said, using a shifting network of names and front groups.
“We're used to operating through different vehicles, in the shadows, and I look forward to building a very long-term and secretive relationship with you,” Nix told the source in a first phone call.
Cambridge Analytica sometimes contracts under a different name, so that there are no records of its involvement, Turnbull said. That does not only protect the company, but also makes its work more efficient, he is recorded saying.
“It has to happen without anyone thinking it's propaganda, because the moment you think ‘that's propaganda' the next question is: ‘Who's put that out?'”
He added: “It may be that we have to contract under a different name … a different entity, with a different name, so that no record exists with our name attached to this at all.”
In a recent project in eastern Europe, the company sent a team but “no one even knew they were there, they were just ghosted in, did the work, ghosted out”, Turnbull said.
Covers include the setting up of fake academic projects, sometimes simply going in on tourist visas, as former employees have told the Guardian they did for US elections – apparently employed in violation of Federal law.
Nix also offered details regarding the services of professional ex-spies from Britain and Israel. “We have two projects at the moment, which involve doing deep deep depth research on the opposition and providing source … really damaging source material, that we can decide how to deploy in the course of the campaign.”
Cambridge Analytica said the Channel 4 News investigation contained false claims, factual inaccuracies, and substantial mischaracterisations.
It accused Channel 4 of setting out to entrap staff by initiating a conversation about unethical practices. It refuted any suggestion that the company used fake news, honey traps, bribes or entrapment.
It said: “We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Anlytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes or so-called ‘honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever … Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose.”
Of the suggestions they used honey trap techniques, the company said: “Our executives humoured these questions and actively encouraged the prospective client to further disclose his intentions.”
On Saturday, Cambridge Analytica denied it had done anything wrong in relation to the handling of Facebook data.
“Cambridge Analytica only receives and uses data that has been obtained legally and fairly. Our robust data protection policies comply with US, international, European Union, and national regulations,” it said.
Groundhogs seem to get all the glory when it comes to predicting the weather at this time of year.
So Matt Hayes turned to Hamilton Harry for a different perspective on the season.
Kyrgios levelled the tie with a win against Jan Lennard Struff.
Kyrgios levelled the tie with a win against Jan Lennard Struff.
Aussies in Davis Cup hole against Germany after Matt Ebden and John Peers lose doubles The West Australian
Germany have grabbed a 2-1 lead over Australia in their Davis Cup first-round tie in Brisbane, with Matthew Ebden and John Peers losing the crucial doubles rubber in five sets.
The visitors sprang a late change on Saturday, replacing Peter Gojowczyk with Jan-Lennard Struff. But, it was doubles partner Tim Puetz who proved the difference in the 6-4 6-7 (1-7) 6-2 6-7 (4-7) 6-4 win at Pat Rafter Arena.
World No.14 Nick Kyrgios and rookie Alex de Minaur must win their reverse singles rubbers on Sunday for Australia to move through to April's quarter-finals.
Australian No.1 Kyrgios will take on world No.5 Alex Zverev, while debutant de Minaur - just 18 - is set to face Struff.
Matt Ebden, left, and John Peers of Australia talk tactics in their doubles match. Picture: AP
Australian team captain Lleyton Hewitt hinted he might have played in Saturday's doubles but resisted the temptation, pairing Ebden with world No.4 doubles specialist Peers.
The pair showed former world No.1 Hewitt's trademark fight, clawing their way back from two sets to one down to force the Germans to scramble.
But it was 30-year-old journeyman Puetz - in just his second Cup tie - who stood tall, thrashing forehand winner after forehand winner as Germany prevailed in a rubber lasting almost four hours.
Puetz's heroics helped Germany to notch 22 forehand winners to Australia's seven in the match.
Puetz - a lowly No.144 in the doubles rankings - made his Cup debut last year when he combined with Struff to deliver a key five-set doubles win against Portugal to help Germany seal victory.
- AAP
Few have tackled the smoky magic of the blues quite like Brown
AUTHENTIC - Harpdog Brown, Canada's number one harmonica player three years running, is slated to take the stage at The Krossing June 22nd with his Uptown Blues Band. photo submitted
Harpdog Brown is a one-of-a-king blues master – there could hardly be a genre more suited to this versatile powerhouse of a performer.
The winner of Harmonica Player of the Year from the Toronto Blues Society and their Maple Blues Awards for three years plays The Krossing on June 22nd with his Uptown Blues Band.
“It started around New Year's,” he explained during a recent chat about linking up with a bevy of very talented musicians.
He did a show with some young musicians in Vancouver, and Brown had asked them if they were working on New Year's.
“We conjured up a New Year's gig with three of us old fellows and three young guys, and it was something that I had to repeat. So we did it again at a different joint in Gastown, and it was just as good or even better.
“I knew I wanted to pursue this. So that's kind of how it all started – getting introduced to these young fellows who had gone down to New Orleans at age 17 to learn how to play the instruments,” he said. “So they are really speaking the language.
“Here we are now planning to cut a new album this year with these guys. I'm also taking them out to Quebec for a couple of big festivals in late June and early July, and then another big one back here in July.”
In terms of forming a new direction for the next CD, Brown is pursuing a broadened vision.
“I need to branch out. I've been doing classic Chicago low-down blues shows for the last (number of) years and now it's time to go uptown,” he said with a laugh. A bigger focus on piano, for one thing, opens up a lot of musicality.
“I noticed a whole different type of reaction when I was taking this show across the country in February – it seemed to me to be a broader brushstroke that reaches a wider audience,” he explained, adding that it's also provided him more versatility and expression as a singer. “I'm really excited about it – I'm stoked!
“There is a whole lot more that is going to come out of this album.”
As to production on the CD, Brown said he's trying to find some time to focus squarely on the project, but it's been tough with the brisk pace of hitting the road. “I'm keeping one step ahead of my mortgage on the road,” he laughed. But touring brings its own kind of inspiration. Brown recently took a swing through some of the southern United States and enjoyed every minute of it.
“I think ultimately it's going to springboard me further, with a further reach,” he said, adding that Nashville-based producer Steve Dawson has been tapped to produce the upcoming project.
“I've realized that doing what I've been doing for the last four years is a little bit of a peghole,” he said. “I will love classic Chicago blues until my death. It will always raise the hair on the back of my neck.”
But, as mentioned, he feels like it's time to step out a bit.
“It just feels like this new album and this new band is going to serve as a better platform for more of me than what has met the eyes and the ears (out there) to date. That excites me.”
Having been in the business as a touring and recording artist for more than 30 years, he has shared the stage with such greats as Matt ‘Guitar' Murphy, Pinetop Perkins, The Powder Blues Band, Jack de Keyzer and the late Dutch Mason to name a few.
In 2016, he was named Best Blues Artist of the Year at the first Fraser Valley Music Awards.
As a youngster, his mom would plunk him down with a lap steel guitar and he would come up with all kinds of stuff. In his late teens he landed his first gig as a guitarist with a singer.
The guys would open for comedians, and although it wasn't exactly where his heart was it was during times like this Brown really began to see his ability to connect with audiences.
Brown's latest CD, Travelin' With the Blues, was released in 2016.
PARIS IS CALLING: Add Monique Lhuillier to the list of American designers who has set her sights on Paris.
Following in the footsteps of Proenza Schouler and Rodarte who are Paris-bound next month, she will be showing her spring collection on July 3 at Hôtel d'Évreux with an 11:30 a.m. start time. There will be 275 guests, a more intimate group than the crowds of 750 that are invited to her New York Fashion Week shows. “It will be like sharing the magic in a different platform,” she said. “It will be my ready-to-wear but slightly elevated and more intricate.”
In November, the designer and her business partner husband Tom Bugbee decided the time was right to show the collection somewhere where they never had before. “Paris has always been a place that I hold very dear to my heart and it's the fashion capital of the world. It's also a great gateway to reach out to the Asian market and the European market,” she said.
Tricky as it can be dealing with the distance, the logistics and new production teams, Lhuillier said she is already accustomed to similar challenges since her Los Angeles-based team must be flown to New York for fashion shows there.
In addition, she had also been busy in recent weeks finessing her resort collection. “It was like working on two collections at the same time,” Lhuillier said.
Attendees need not worry about any potential overlap with the Schiaparelli and Iris van Herpen shows, according to Lhuillier, who said she had been assured the time slot would be perfect because of the proximity to other locations.
DETROIT (WWJ) — After two years on the market, the historic Motown Mansion has a new owner.
The beautiful home, located at 918 W. Boston Blvd., officially sold today after two years on the market. The home, which is formerly known as the Berry Gordy Mansion, was listed at $1.595 million, however it sold for even more at $1.65 million. The sale price is higher than any sale in the Boston-Edison District in recent history and the second highest sales price for a residential property in Detroit this year, according to Smith of Keller Williams Realty – West Bloomfield Market Center.
The home has been sold to a Detroit native who is moving back from San Francisco. The house was previously owned by Cynthia F. Reaves. The house is located on a 2.2 acre lot and is 10,500 square feet. There is an adjoining 4,400 square-foot pool house and a carriage house with its own apartment.
Local real estate agent Deborah Smith assisted with selling the home, and said Reaves' ability to make renovations while keeping the mansion's original architecture makes this a perfect home. She added that it took longer to sell the home because Reaves was looking for the “right buyer.”
“The process took two years and we went through several deals with several buyers before Ms. Reaves found the right buyer to protect the legacy of this iconic home and become its new steward,” Smith said.
A malfunction at the Hawkesbury water treatment plant has the town and the Eastern Ontario Health Unit warning residents to boil drinking water until further notice.
The warning was issued late Sunday night after an incident of decreased pressure at the plant. Officials in the town about 90 kilometres east of Ottawa say they're working with the health unit to find the source of the problem and fix it.
Student Transportation of Eastern Ontario reports that Pleasants Corners, VanKleek Hill Collegiate Institute and St. Judes schools are closed Monday.
To avoid the risk of getting sick, town residents are to bring any water for drinking to a rolling boil for at least one minute or use bottled water. That includes water for making ice cubes or juice, baby food or formula, preparing food and brushing teeth.
Wash hands with bottled or boiled and cooled tap water. If using untreated tap water, use a hand sanitizer with at least 70 per cent alcohol or a solution of 1 tsp of bleach in 4.5 L of water allowed to stand for 15 minutes.
Toddlers and young children shouldn't be bathed or showered in case they drink potentially-tainted water so give them sponge baths instead, the health unit warns.
Dishes, cutting boards and countertops should be washed with soap and water then disinfected with a stronger bleach solution of 1 tsp of bleach in 3 cups of water allowed to stand for 15 minutes.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - A detention hearing for rapper Juelz Santana has been postponed until authorities decide who will prosecute the drug and gun charges he faces following an incident at Newark Liberty International Airport.
A judge was due to decide Monday whether Santana would remain jailed until his trial. Officials say that hearing will likely now occur sometime this week.
Santana pleaded not guilty to state charges last week. He also faces federal charges in the same incident
Authorities say security personnel found a loaded .38-caliber handgun and oxycodone pills he didn't have a prescription for in a carry-on bag containing his identification.
They say he fled the area, leaving two bags behind. He turned himself in three days later.
The 36-year-old New York City-born rapper lives in Totowa, New Jersey. His real name is LaRon James.
Shia LaBeouf is stepping into his father's shoes for his next movie.
The actor will play his own dad in Honey Boy, an upcoming movie loosely based on his life. Oscar nominee Lucas Hedges will star as a young LaBeouf in the film.
The movie will reportedly follow a former child star attempting to mend his relationship with his alcohol-abusing father, according to Variety.
The announcement comes just days after the actor broke his silence following a 2017 arrest.
In the April issue of Esquire, the 31-year-old actor gave his first-sit down interview since the “mortifying” arrest — during which he went on a racist and expletive-laced tirade at police officers.
“What went on in Georgia was mortifying,” he remarked, calling it a mixture of “white privilege and desperation and disaster. I f—ed up.”
Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty; Roy Rochlin/Getty
He continued: “My public outbursts are failures. They're not strategic. They're a struggling motherf—er showing his ass in front of the world.”
Although he knows it will be hard to redeem himself in the public eye, the actor is trying to “take ownership of my s—” and “learn from my mistakes.”
“I've got to look at my failures in the face for a while. I need to take ownership of my s— and clean up my side of the street a bit before I can go out there and work again, so I'm trying to stay creative and learn from my mistakes,' he told Esquire. “The truth is, in my desperation, I lost the plot.”
LeBeouf last appeared as tennis legend John McEnroe in Borg vs. McEnroe while Hedges had supporting roles in three recent Oscar-nominated movies: 2016's Manchester by the Sea and 2017's Lady Bird and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
A design from Loveis Wise, a recent University of the Arts illustration grad, has landed the cover of next Monday's The New Yorker, a very early and major career achievement.
Many illustrators spend their whole career dreaming of landing a cover for the New Yorker. For Loveis Wise, it took less than a month after graduating from college to realize that achievement.
A Washington native, Wise studied illustration, painting, and woodcuts at the University of the Arts. One of her latest works, Nurture, is the cover of the New Yorker's June 4 Fiction Issue, themed around parenting, childhood, and the intersection between the two.
“She's indeed one of the very first black woman artists on the cover,” says Françoise Mouly, art editor of the New Yorker. “Kara Walker was the first in 2007 for the first year anniversary of Katrina.”
The magazine will also hold a Q-and-A interview with Wise, whose client list already includes notable names like the New York Times, Vice, Cartoon Network, BuzzFeed, Penguin/Random House, and Planned Parenthood. Wise's commissioned works range from editorial illustrations to motion graphics to hand lettering to surface design to product design.
“For an illustrator, the cover of the New Yorker is the pinnacle in an editorial career,” said Mark Tocchet, director of the University of the Arts School of Design, in a statement. “For a recent graduate to receive such an opportunity is unheard of.”
Showing a promising future, Wise's accomplishments don't stop at early editorial placements. She also completed a large-scale mural for the March of Dimes in Washington and produced work that was included in the 2017 and 2018 Student Award Competitions at the Society of Illustrators, the leading organization for professional illustrators.
Her portfolio can be found online at loveiswiseillustration.myportfolio.com.
Juliana Feliciano Reyes contributed to this report.
Tile, wood, cork, concrete, marble, limestone, jarrah, hardwood, bamboo – where do you begin?
While the type of flooring you choose can take your home to another level of design brilliance, the wrong choice has the power to throw everything out of balance.
A classic choice in wet areas like laundries, kitchens and bathrooms, tiles are almost integral to a perfect home, according to Smart Homes for Living Marketing Manager Madeleine Smith.
“Life happens, and when it do you want something that is waterproof, pet-proof and kid-proof,” she said.
“Tiles are easy to clean, sterilise and maintain – especially when combined with one of those ubercool automatic vacuums.”
Stain resistant and made to last and withstand ample foot traffic, Ms Smith said tiles were a practical, hardy option.
“Simply wipe or mop – especially if the mother-in-law is coming over – and you're good to go,” she said.
“The best bit is their look – tiles are stunning. There are so many finishes available now – large, small, bright, natural, gloss, matte – the hardest part is choosing which one is right for you.”
On the other side of the coin, tiles present a formidable foe for your favourite vase or mug.
“It'll come as no surprise that tiles are not something you want to get wet and slip on – the scar I've had on my forehead since I was two years old backs this up,” Ms Smith said.
“It's also important to remember the same tile can look great in one house and horrible in the next. Why? Because the final look is so dependent on the tradesman installing them. “While laying tiles sounds easy, in reality the installation process is anything but. Tiling is super unforgiving and surprisingly labour intensive. Everything needs to line up just right and skilled tilers are worth their weight in gold.”
With thousands of options available, making a decision on the right tile can fill you with dread, but can also unleash your inner creative genius.
“Choosing between them is a test in itself,” Ms Smith said.
“Don't get us started on the hotto-trot Trendy Tiles – they are gorgeous.”
A real favourite across the Perth market, wooden flooring has continued to maintain its popularity in recent years.
“There is also another older kid on the block which is shiny and new again – vinyl planking,” Ms Smith said.
“Vinyl printing and manufacturing technology has progressed in leaps and bounds in recent years, resulting in a shmick product that ticks all the boxes; it's affordable, looks great, is waterproof and hardy to boot, which makes it one of our top flooring picks for 2018. “Light wood-look products continue to be popular. Think anything with a whitewashed or limewashed finish.
“Tonally it's all about erring on the greyer (rather than blonder) side, reflective of a larger trend towards pared-back Scandinavian interiors. These colour schemes form an awesome base, allowing owners to mix and match decorative styles over time.
“The next hottest flooring trend would be parquet. Our design smarties are swooning over parquet left, right and centre.
“It's one of the priciest flooring options, but it is beautiful, classy and so Parisian. We feel more chic just thinking about it.”
With thousands of options available, making a decision on the right tile can ÿll you with dread, but can also unleash your inner creative genius.
Smart Homes for Living, 9241 1300, www.smarthomesforliving.com.au.
A bear was spotted walking on the roof of a theater Sunday night in Gatlinburg.
Scroll for more content...
A News4 employee took video of the bear hanging out on top of the Ripley's Moving Theater downtown.
The video shows a crowd forming around the theater watching the bear as it moved around.
News4 has called the theater and police to see how they ended up dealing with the bear.
On Tuesday afternoon during New York Fashion Week, ladies packed into Lincoln Center. It wasn't a mistake — the former official NYFW show venue was playing host to New York City Ballet's annual luncheon, this year themed “The Ties That Bind” as a nod to Valentine's Day, specifically the love of families. Several sibling pairs within the company, and four new mothers, were brought onstage prior to lunch for a panel discussion led by board member Donya Bommer, followed by four partnered performances.
Jill Kargman, whose mother is an alum of the School of American Ballet, has herself been a longtime supporter of dance. “We came on Saturday with my nieces, her kids — her kids went and sat through ‘Sleeping Beauty,'” she said, motioning to seatmate and buddy Drew Barrymore. “Three hours of ballet at age two and four. I love it here, it's my most frequented building in Lincoln Center.” “It” being David H. Koch Theater.
“I still call it New York State Theater, though. I refuse to call it David Koch Theater,” she added, referring to the industrialist's sizable 2008 contribution of $100 million to the building, which was renovated in recent years. Although Koch wasn't present at the lunch, his wife Julia was seated across the room. “He didn't put his wife's name on it, which is so weird,” Kargman added. “It's always like supposed to be the ‘Arnold and Marie Schwartz whatever.'”
The lunch was underwritten by Max Mara and Temple St. Clair Fine Jewelry. “I'm very proud that my company is supporting performing arts and artists,” said Giulia Maramotti of Max Mara. “I think dancing is a very huge form of art, even more so with contemporary choreography. The last piece was incredible,” she continued, referencing Justin Peck's “The Times are Racing” choreography, which was inspired by the arcade game “Dance Dance Revolution.” “A little ‘West Side Story, I thought,” Maramotti added.
The word dashing is synonymous with the handsome and smart Vinod Khanna. On his Birthday on 6th October let us have some reminiscences about him.
Friendship with Feroz Khan: Both were dashing and smart actors. Their first movie was the little known Shankar Shambhu released in 1976. Since then they became very close friends. Their biggest hit was Qurbani which was produced and directed by Feroz. He wanted Vinod for Jaanbaaz as well but at that moment he was away from films, with Osho.
For his film Dayawan too, Feroz took Vinod and said he could not visualise anyone else for that particular role.
Something quite eerie is that Feroz Khan and Vinod Khanna died on the same date of 27th April of the same dreaded disease Cancer. Both were of the same age (70) on date of death.
Villain to Hero: He is one of the rare actors who made a transition from villain to hero. Two movies in which he played the role of a villain are Aan Milo Sajna with Rajesh Khanna as hero and Mera Gaon Mera Desh with Dharmendra as hero.
Relationship with Amitabh Bachchan: If there is one actor who could possibly have posed a threat to Amitabh Bachchan even in his heydays it was Vinod Khanna. From Reshma aur Shera in 1971 to Muqaddar ka Sikandar in 1978 they acted in several memorable movies together including Parvarish and Amar Akbar Anthony. Vinod Khanna abruptly quitting movies to join Osho meant that Amitabh continued as undisputed superstar.
A very moving personal blog was written by Amitabh on his relationship with Vinod after he passed away.
Trending :
Vinod and Politics: Vinod Khanna was a popular 4 time MP from Gurdaspur. He lost only the 2009 General Elections while he won in 1998, 1999, 2004 and 2014. He was a Union Minster as well and initially handled the portfolio of Tourism and Culture and later on External Affairs.
The dashing hero moved on this year on 27 April, but his handsome and charismatic personality will remain in our memory for long.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Grove Group to Contest Carrera Cup and GT3 Cup Challenge
The Groves are a Porsche family… now more so than ever.
Popular Porsche driver Stephen Grove has raced with the sports car brand since 2011, starting in Porsche GT3 Cup Challenge Australia before moving to Porsche Carrera Cup Australia in 2012.
Grove has experienced much throughout his six years in Porsche one-make series, highlighted by his 2014 TAG Heuer Carrera Challenge title victory and becoming the first Challenge ranked driver to win a single-driver Carrera Cup race when taking the chequered flag at the Carrera Cup Asia & Australia Class B battle in Sydney.
Along the way, Stephen has had the unwavering support of his son, Brenton Grove, who will now follow in his father's footsteps.
In 2017, Brenton will begin his own ascent up the Porsche Motorsport Pyramid when lining up in a Class A Porsche in the GT3 Cup Challenge series.
Brenton made his debut in the Porsche series in 2014 in a one-off appearance at Phillip Island, where he claimed Class B honours. Having completed his high school studies in 2015, Brenton entered motorsport full-time in 2016 in the Australian Formula 4 Championship.
Now Brenton will join Stephen as a full-time Porsche racer, something his father is excited to experience this season.
“Brenton has been around the Porsche paddock ever since I started in GT3 Cup Challenge in 2011, in which time he's learnt much about the ins and outs of motorsport, so much so that he is largely responsible for the growth and day-to-day running of the motorsport component of our Grove Group business,” said Stephen.
“It will be great to see Brenton now race with a roof over his head. He did a great job in his GT3 Cup Challenge debut a couple of years ago and has continued to improve both in Formula 4 and in various events in the Porsche 911 GT3 Cup car. GT3 Cup Challenge will now be a great next step in his racing career.
“From a personal point of view, it's exciting to see Brenton move into Porsche racing. Hopefully I can teach him a thing or two this year and, eventually, I'm sure he can return the favour.”
Brenton is also excited about the season ahead, where he will campaign the same car his father raced in Carrera Cup throughout the 2012 and 2013 seasons.
“I'm excited to make the step up from Formula 4 to GT3 Cup Challenge. I've been around the Porsche paddock for some time so I'm familiar with the GT3 Cup Challenge series, but I'm looking forward to seeing it from a different prospective in 2017,” said Brenton.
“Racing the 2011-spec 911 GT3 Cup is going to be a tremendous experience, but more so, I get to share it with Dad again, though now the roles are reversed. I'll certainly lean on him for advice as he's done this all before.
“My immediate focus is GT3 Cup Challenge and improving my performance at the wheel of a Porsche. From there, my ultimate goal is to progress to the top-tier Carrera Cup championship and race alongside Dad in the family team. We are a racing family at heart and it would be awesome to share that experience with him.”
Stephen's Carrera Cup season kicks off in three weeks at the Clipsal 500 in Adelaide on March 02-05 before Brenton begins his GT3 Cup Challenge assault at Sandown Raceway on April 07-09.
Sources: Daniel Jordan/Porsche Cars Australia PR
NEW CANAAN, Conn. (AP) — The setting could not be more different, but David Wannagot says he applies some of the same skills from his 30-year police career to his new role as a school sentry.
As he greeted children getting off the bus at West Elementary School one recent morning, he scanned their faces, ready to guide any who seem upset directly to the vice principal. And from his station at the entrance he sizes up all visitors asking to enter the building.
“We would do anything we can to protect a child or a teacher,” said Wannagot, a former detective in Norwalk. “We're not armed, but we do have experience dealing with violent people in the past, reading people's mannerisms, that kind of thing.”
In the aftermath of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting five years ago, districts have moved to bolster security, especially at elementary schools, which traditionally have not had police assigned to them like many high schools and middle schools. Many have hired retired officers, firefighters and other responsible adults — an approach that's less expensive and potentially less intrusive than assigning sworn police, but one that also has raised questions about the consistency of training and standards.
Nationally, there is a patchwork of state laws addressing requirements for school safety officers, and many leave it entirely up to local school boards. Some states, including Connecticut, have weighed legislation to impose standards for non-police security inside schools.
In Danbury, Connecticut, which began posting security guards inside elementary schools after the Sandy Hook shooting, Mayor Mark Boughton pushed for state legislation that would have established standards and training for non-police security personnel. The bill ultimately did not pass. In the event of a crisis involving a response by multiple agencies, he said, it would be helpful to have common agreement on the role of private guards.
“I still think it's a good idea,” Boughton said.
Even before the shooting, security officers who were once almost exclusively at high schools before becoming common at middle schools also had been turning up increasingly at elementary schools, according to Ronald Stephens, director of the National School Safety Center.
The “responsible adult” model has been in use for years, he said, but anecdotal evidence suggests it has been growing in popularity. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, the percentage of primary U.S. public schools with one or more security staffer present at least once a week rose slightly from 26.2 percent in the 2005-2006 school year to 28.6 percent in 2013-2014.
In New Canaan, the school district contracted with a private company to set up the campus monitors soon after the Newtown school shooting on Dec. 14, 2012.
“Our lenses changed a bit on that day,” Superintendent Bryan Luizzi said.
The plan for the monitors initially ran into skepticism from some, including Steve Karl, a town councilor who questioned the cost and the intrusiveness, but he has come around to support the program. The monitors now report to the Board of Education, which also provides training. The monitors earn an average salary of $30,700, compared with $90,472 for police assigned as school resource officers.
“The first choice would be to have a U.S. Marine at the door. ‘This is the guy you're going to have to check through to get access to our kids.' But it's just not realistic,'” Karl said. “Where do you go from there? You want somebody who has a very keen sense of knowing when something doesn't quite feel right.”
The rise in the number of districts turning to private security has led to calls elsewhere to impose standards for school guards, particularly in cases where school boards allow for them to be armed.
In New Jersey, a law passed last year establishes a special class of law enforcement officers providing school security. The measure was sought by the New Jersey State Association of Chiefs of Police to encourage minimum training standards, according to the association's president, North Plainfield Police Chief William Parenti. Chiefs, he said, noticed fewer police officers were being assigned to schools because of budget cuts and districts were replacing them with private security, including armed guards.
“You could get a school superintendent's brother who didn't have a job and give them a permit to carry,” he said.
In Arkansas, a law passed in 2015 sets minimum training requirements on topics including active-shooter training and limitations on the authority of school security officers, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
Michele Gay, whose own daughter was killed at Sandy Hook and who now works with school districts as a security advocate, said the ideal scenario would be to have an officer in every school, playing an all-purpose role similar to a school nurse. Where that's not possible, she said the guards should at least be former police.
“We want everybody to be on the same page and have the same level of experience,” she said.
At New Canaan's West Elementary, the guard greets students at the bus before making rounds to make sure doors and windows are locked. He monitors video feeds to watch people approaching the school and checks visitors' identification. On occasion, the principal asks him to keep an eye out for parents who may be upset about something. A New Canaan police officer also comes by the school periodically and talks with student as part of a new program to build relationships with school staff.
“We try to be as friendly as possible for the kids to be comfortable around us,” said Hector Garcia, a monitor assigned to West Elementary. The former prison guard, known as “Mr. Hector” to students, keeps a collection of matchbox cars at this station to help put children at ease.
Annie Drapkin, a West Elementary parent, said the guards helped to put everyone at ease after the Newtown shooting and, over time, they have become part of the school community.
“They're lovely people, and underneath it, they are strong,” she said.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
(Mark Humphrey | The Associated Press) In this Oct. 12, 2103 file photos, Taylor Swift appears at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in Nashville, Tenn. David Mueller, a former radio host, claims in a lawsuit that he lost his job because Swift falsely accused him of groping her. Swift has countersued, alleging she's the victim of sexual assault. Mueller is seeking up to $3 million in damages at the trial that begins Monday, Aug. 7, 2017, in federal court in Denver. Both sides say no settlement is in the works.
By The Associated Press
As many as five playoff berths can be locked up Sunday, and New England can clinch before taking the field Monday night.
A Buffalo loss or tie against the Colts on Sunday clinches the AFC East for the Patriots, while New England can clinch Monday night by beating Miami if the Bills win.
Pittsburgh clinches a berth with a Buffalo loss or tie, though the Steelers need to tie or beat Baltimore to win the AFC North.
Philadelphia could clinch the NFC East if Dallas ties or loses to the Giants before the Eagles take the field in Los Angeles.
Minnesota can win the NFC North by beating Carolina or if Detroit and Green Bay both tie.
Even the Jaguars could clinch a berth with a win and other help.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
PARIS — The Canadian contingent is the men's singles draw at the French Open is down to one.
Peter Polansky of Thornhill, Ont., lost 6-3, 4-6, 6-2, 6-2 to Pierre-Hughes Herbert of France in a first-round match that concluded on Wednesday. Rain suspended the match after two sets on Tuesday.
The loss leaves No. 24 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill, Ont., as the lone remaining Canadian in singles. The 19-year-old faces Maximilian Marterer in a second-round match on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, Gabriela Dabrowski of Ottawa is off to a winning start in doubles. The fifth-seeded team of Dabrowski and Yifan Xu of China downed Tessah Andrianjafitrimo and Fiona Ferro of France 6-3, 6-1 in a first-round match on Wednesday.
The report segments the market and forecasts its size, by volume and value, on the basis of product, by application, and by geography (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, MEA and South America).
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at: https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-thermal-paper-market-outlook-2018-2023/request-sample
The report covers forecast and analysis for the thermal paper market on a global and regional level. The study provides historic data of 2013-2017 along with a forecast from 2018 to 2023 based on both output/volume and revenue. The study then describes the drivers and restraints for the thermal paper market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period.
The report has been prepared based on the synthesis, analysis, and interpretation of information about the global thermal paper market collected from specialized sources. The competitive landscape section of the report provides a clear insight into the market share analysis of key industry players. Company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, new project launched, recent development analysis are the parameters included in the profile.
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-thermal-paper-market-outlook-2018-2023
The research report provides analysis and information according to market segments such as geographies, types and applications. All the segments have been analyzed based on present and future trends and the market is estimated from 2018 to 2023. Relevantly, the report and company profiles specify the key drivers that are impacting the demand in global thermal paper market.
Key Regions
– North America
– Europe
– Asia Pacific
– Middle East and Africa
– South America
Key Questions Answered in this Report
– What will the market size be in 2023?
– What are the key factors driving the global thermal paper market?
– What are the challenges to market growth?
– Who are the key players in the thermal paper market?
– What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key players?
(ABC NEWS)- The Pentagon is looking at additional facilities that could accommodate migrants coming across the U.S.-Mexico border beyond housing at U.S. military bases in Texas, officials said Tuesday.
“We are looking at additional facilities so we can break up those populations so we can…manage the impact on the installations that were selected,” Department of Defense spokesman Col. Rob Manning told reporters on Monday.
Here's what is known about how the U.S. military will play a role in housing migrants.
What are the two bases?
Both bases, Fort Bliss and Goodfellow Air Force Base, are in Texas. Located outside El Paso, Fort Bliss boasts over 965,000 acres and is home to the Army's 1st Armored Division. Goodfellow Air Force Base in San Angelo trains airmen in intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance at the 17th Training Wing. The Pentagon has said that migrant families will be housed at Bliss, while unaccompanied migrant children will be located at Goodfellow.
How many migrant families could be housed on bases?
Last week, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) requested that DoD house up to 12,000 migrant families for a period of up to six months. If existing facilities on base are not available, DHS has asked DoD to construct “semi-separate, soft-sided camp facilities.” The first 4,000 individuals would be housed at Fort Bliss, with two additional locations needed for the remaining population. DHS does not want more than 4,000 individuals on any one base.
US Navy preparing to house 25,000 migrants at remote facilities for up to 6 months: Memo
Homeland Security eyeing 2 military bases to house migrants amid child separation controversy
How many unaccompanied migrant children could be housed on bases?
The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) has asked DoD to house up to 20,000 unaccompanied migrant children. But while the request from DHS to DoD regarding migrant families specified when migrants would arrive and what types of facilities they would need, HHS has not yet given DoD those details.
When will migrants arrive on base?
The Pentagon said on Monday it will be able to meet DHS's request to house 2,000 migrants by August 11. These individuals will be part of the migrant family population located at Fort Bliss.
What are the implications for the military?
A U.S. official told ABC News that the housing of migrants would have no impact to military readiness because costs can be reimbursed to the department through the Economy Act. Additionally, any facilities constructed on U.S. military bases would not affect daily operations and training for service members, the official said.
What other bases are under consideration?
The other bases are not known yet. In the memo to DoD last week, DHS referenced the Flores Settlement Agreement which states that reasonable efforts should be made to place minors in the geographic area where the majority are apprehended. Therefore, DHS told DoD they prefer facilities in states close to the U.S./Mexico border: Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, and California.
Bliss and Goodfellow were among two other U.S. military bases (Dyess Air Force Base in Abilene, Texas and Little Rock Air Force Base in Arkansas) toured by HHS officials in the last several months. So it's possible that migrants could be housed there.
It was also revealed last month that the U.S. Navy was preparing to house as many as 25,000 migrants at remote facilities in California, Arizona, and Alabama, according to a U.S. official with knowledge of an internal Navy document. The document appeared to have been written in anticipation of the Navy being asked to house migrant populations and said the department could spend $233 million to construct and operate a facility that could house 25,000 migrants for up to six months. Facilities named in the document included Naval Weapons Station Concord near San Francisco, the Marine Corps' Camp Pendleton in Southern California, Navy Outlying Field Wolf in Orange Beach, Alabama and nearby Navy Outlying Field Silverhill, and the Marine Corps Air Station near Yuma, Arizona.
Has this happened before?
In 2014, HHS used bases in Texas, Oklahoma, and California to house 7,000 unaccompanied migrant children after HHS facilities reached capacity.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle‘s May 19 wedding is shortly approaching, and with spring's added attractions of palace garden parties and horse races Royal Ascot (alongside Queen Elizabeth!), there are a few big decisions on the horizon: What to wear?
Catherine Walker, the design house most associated with the late Princess Diana and a current favorite of Kate Middleton (she just wore one of the designer's outfits on St. Patrick's Day) and her mother Carole Middleton as well as other royals and celebrities, has launched its latest collection – which includes a number of outfits perfect for a royal wedding guest.
The brand's Head of Design, Said Cyrus, widower of the late Catherine Walker, gave PEOPLE a sneak peek of some of the latest spring-summer 2018 collection. Though Cyrus is discreet about his clients and will not discuss Harry and Meghan's upcoming wedding, or any possible guests that the designer might be dressing for the occasion, he says that their selection is “very appropriate” for the big day.
Princess Diana in a Catherine Walker ensemble in November 1989 Tim Graham/Getty Images
“We have a very strong 1950s influence which I feel is very feminine, very appropriate for occasion-wear,” he says.
Pointing out a vintage-inspired scarlet silk faille dress with pleats and a full skirt, he adds: “We have a number of pieces in our new collection that are suitable for mothers of the bride and for other occasion wear in the summer season.”
“One of the most important features of the spring-summer collection is the part it plays in events such as Royal Ascot horse racing,” Cyrus says. “Worn with the right hat they would be perfect for that event. It is perfect for transitioning from day to evening, whether it is cocktail or a summer wedding.”
Kate wears a Catherine Walker outfit in Berlin, Germany in July 2017 Franziska Krug/Getty
His preferred look for ladies attending a formal event? The coat dress, a favorite look of Princess Kate's.
“These are ideal for weddings where you need to look the part during the day but also transition into the evening,” Cyrus says. “I like to use one-piece coat dresses rather than suits, which are jackets and skirts or dresses, as I think they are very elongating and by virtue of that elongation are quite flattering. Although there is a silhouette that looks like it's a jacket and dress, it's not. It's all one piece.”
Cyrus and his wife Catherine Walker, who died in 2010, founded Catherine Walker & Co in 1977. In the 1980s and 90s, the duo became famous for dressing Diana. They continued to work with her after her separation and subsequent divorce from Prince Charles. In memory of Catherine, the design house adopted the butterfly as its the emblem, and a set of delicate monochrome butterflies decorate the bodice of a crepe dress.
Extensive plans have been unveiled by Paris 2024 to celebrate Olympic Day on June 23 with a series of demonstration events and taster sessions across the city.
It will mark the first such celebration in France since September 13 last year, the day the capital city was officially awarded the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
The aim is to provide residents and visitors with the chance to "experience a foretaste of the Games while enjoying a unique and festive atmosphere along the banks of the Seine, which will be a key centre of the Games celebration in 2024".
Paris will be at the heart of a nationwide "24 hours in Games mode" concept.
Celebrations are due to begin on June 20 when each Parisian arrondissement will host its own Olympic and Paralympic Day celebration, involving "festive, cultural and educational activities based on the Olympic values".
On June 23, the banks of the River Seine will be transformed into a "giant sporting playground, with sports equipment and facilities available for everyone to use".
Demonstrations and taster sessions are set to be held in 30 Olympic and Paralympic disciplines, with support from numerous French champions.
A watersports area will be installed, stretching from Bras Marie to the Pont des Arts, while a zone for team sports will be established outside the Hotel de Ville, where people will also be able to swim or play a game of tennis.
London 2012 Olympic champion Renaud Lavillenie will attempt to beat his own world record as part of a pole vault competition planned to take place in the Pont de l'Arcole.
"Our 2018 Olympic Day celebrations will have a special flavour, coming a few months after the historic result in Lima," said Paris 2024 President Tony Estanguet.
"France is now preparing to host the Games in six years' time, and these 24 hours will be a chance to share the unique atmosphere of the Games, providing a foretaste of a magical summer in the heart of Paris.
"Olympic Day will also be a chance to engage the population, providing unprecedented opportunities to meet and exchange with French champions.
"Crucially, it will help us to launch a movement that aims to make each visitor an ambassador and active participant in the Paris 2024 Games."
La #JournéeOlympique se déroulera sur tout le territoire le samedi 23 juin 🗓️ ! A @Paris on vivra les Jeux au cœur de la ville #ParisEnModeJO. Venez découvrir les sports olympiques/paralympiques et rencontrer des champions le temps d'une journée pic.twitter.com/fRgKS94laz — Paris 2024 (@Paris2024) May 29, 2018
Combat sports will be showcased at the Pont des Arts while facilities for athletics, gymnastics and badminton will be run by staff of the respective National Federations at the Port du Gros Caillou.
Demonstrations by trampoline gymnasts and athletes of other aerial disciplines will also take place on the Alexandre III bridge.
A "24 races in 24 hours" initiative, to take place throughout metropolitan France as well as in the overseas territories, is also planned.
This will involve "free mass participation races of 2,024 metres in length, organised in partnership with the French Athletics Federation".
The first race will be held in Marseille - where the Olympic sailing competitions will take place - before the last is due to be held in Paris at 10.30pm.
"For the second year in a row, Paris will be transformed, for one day, into an extraordinary sporting playground," Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo said.
"Parisians and visitors of all generations are invited to discover numerous sports disciplines, all free of charge, in the company of the athletes, associations and local authorities taking part.
"This will be a great moment of sharing and celebration of the values of sport.
"It will give everyone a foretaste of what the Olympic and Paralympic Games will be like in Paris in 2024."
More information is available here.
Justice Department's 11th-Hour Brief in Critical Voting Rights Case is a Reversal on Civil Rights Division's Long-Standing Position
Yesterday, in Husted vs. A. Philip Randolph Institute, the U.S. Justice Department filed a brief in a critically important case about whether the National Voter Registration Act (NVRA) prevents certain types of purge programs. The brief represents a reversal of the Justice Department's position on the NVRA and opens the door for purge programs across the nation.
Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law stated:
“The Department of Justice's latest reversal of its position in a critical voting rights case represents just the latest example of an agency whose leadership has lost its moral compass. The law hasn't changed since the department accurately told the court that Ohio's voter purge was unlawful. The facts haven't changed. Only the leadership of the department has changed. The Justice Department's latest action opens the door for wide-scale unlawful purging of the voter registration rolls across our country. We fully condemn the Justice Department's latest move to obstruct voting rights in the U.S.”
The NVRA imposes limits on when state officials can remove voters from the registration rolls because they have moved. In particular, the NVRA states that before officials can remove a voter from the rolls because they've moved the voter must notify officials that they have moved, or the official has to send a forwardable notice to the voter and wait two federal elections to see if there is any activity from the voter before taking any adverse action. While most states will wait until there is some indication that a voter may have moved (i.e., return of a piece of mail or notice from the USPS) before turning to the process set forth in the NVRA, some states including Ohio and Georgia, send the notice based on mere voter inactivity alone. In yesterday's filing, the Justice Department indicated that the new administration has reconsidered this question and now sides with Ohio. In its brief, the Justice Department indicates that it has “now concluded that the NVRA does not prohibit a state from using nonvoting as the basis for sending a Section 20507(d)(2) notice”.
The Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law has been focused on this administration's efforts to obstruct civil rights enforcement and has condemned repeated actions taken to reverse positions or delay action in active matters handled by the Civil Rights Division. Since Inauguration Day, the Justice Department has abandoned core claims in a long-standing case challenging Texas's photo ID law and issued a letter to states concerning their purge policies under the NVRA and the Help America Vote Act (HAVA). The administration has also launched the so-called Election Integrity Commission, a body that appears aimed at promoting laws and policies that will make it harder for Americans to vote.
About the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law
The Lawyers' Committee, a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization, was formed in 1963 at the request of President John F. Kennedy to involve the private bar in providing legal services to address racial discrimination. The Lawyers' Committee celebrated its 50th Anniversary in 2013 as it continued its quest of “Moving America Toward Justice”. The principal mission of the Lawyers' Committee is to secure, through the rule of law, equal justice under law, particularly in the areas of fair housing and fair lending, community development, employment, voting, education and environmental justice.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- Two cats at the Front Street Animal Shelter with an unlikely bond finally got their forever home thanks to the power of social media.
Ray is blind and was found in September on the streets. He is a lot more confident with his best friend Bea around.
The cats do everything as a pair, they even lived in the same kennel.
"Really gives him a lot of confidence and reassurance that everything is OK," said Ryan Hinderman from Front Street.
They have been waiting for three months for a home that would accept both of them. So, the shelter went to Facebook to find the perfect family for the two best friends.
While FOX40 was at the shelter learning more about the duo, Kaylee Grunau and her family showed up. They had seen Front Street's video and wanted to meet the cats in person.
"Just because a cat has a disability doesn't mean that you can't at least check it out and see if it would be a good fit for your home," Grunau said.
After months of searching and thousands of shares on social media, Ray and Bea got to go home together with Grunau. The purrfect happy ending.
Rare stem-like tumor cells play a critical role in the spread of breast cancer, but a vulnerability in the pathway that powers them offers a strategy to target these cells using existing drugs before metastatic disease occurs, report University of California San Diego School of Medicine and Moores Cancer Center researchers.
In the findings, published in the Journal of Clinical Investigation on December 11, researchers reveal that co-expression of cell surface receptor integrin αvβ3 and transcription factor Slug -- a master regulator of a cell's ability to self-renew and differentiate -- identifies rare stem-like cells in patient-derived tumor samples that are associated with metastasis. This co-expression occurs in up to 20 percent of primary breast cancers; independent of subtype.
"Stem-like cells work early during the spread of cancer cells, before metastasis," said Jay S. Desgrosellier, PhD, senior author on the paper and assistant professor in the Department of Pathology at UC San Diego School of Medicine. "These are the cells that remain and grow after treatment and are responsible for tumor progression. If we are going to make a difference in the number of people who die of breast cancer, we need to stop metastasis and we think we have a way to do it."
Using tumor samples from the Women's Healthy Eating and Living clinical trial, researchers identified stem-like tumor cells as being characterized by low levels of the molecule p53 upregulated modulator of apoptosis (PUMA). The αvβ3/Src/Slug signaling pathway suppresses PUMA expression -- which is critical for tumor progression. Researchers found that genetically disrupting this pathway, or using the FDA-approved Src kinase inhibitor dasatinib, increases PUMA levels and decreases tumor progression and metastasis in mice by up to fivefold.
Increasing levels of PUMA only affected stem-like cells that were starting to spread and not the growth of primary tumors. The kinase inhibitor was originally used to target pre-existing metastatic disease but failed to reverse its growth. In the study, the authors suggest that using Src kinase inhibitors may be more effectively used as adjuvant therapies to block αvβ3 signaling and prevent disease spread.
"We are introducing a potential new therapeutic approach that is particularly useful in preventing new metastatic disease from forming," said Desgrosellier. "The inhibitors should be given when cancer cells have not metastasized or during early metastasis, when cells are still circulating. Disseminated cells are more sensitive to PUMA expression because they are already stressed. The cells in primary tumors are already established and are not affected by the inhibitors."
In prior studies, Desgrosellier and team found that αvβ3 expression acts as a switch during early pregnancy to activate normal mammary stem cells as the body remodels to prepare for a baby. In late pregnancy, αvβ3 expression is inactivated, returning stem cells to a dormant state. This led researchers to investigate αvβ3's role in breast cancer.
This research was done primarily in patient-derived cell lines. Desgrosellier said the team will follow up with mouse models containing tumor fragments from patients to better reflect the diversity of cell types present in human disease. These studies will investigate whether Src kinase inhibitors are best used in the adjuvant setting post-surgery or after chemotherapy to prevent the formation of local and distant disease recurrence.
###
Co-authors include: Qi Sun, UC San Diego and Jiaotong University; Jacqueline Lesperance and Elaine Luterstein, UC San Diego; Hiromi Wettersten and David A. Cheresh, UC San Diego and Sanford Consortium for Regenerative Medicine; Yoko S. DeRose and Alana Welm, University of Utah.
YORK, Pa. (AP) - A man who called police on a group of black women golfers accused of playing too slowly at a Pennsylvania golf club denied to dispatchers that he was acting out of racism.
Grandview Golf Club in York issued an apology following the April 21 incident. The women were club members and have described the experience, which began at the second hole, as demeaning and discriminatory.
In one of two recordings of calls to police posted by the York Daily Record, the caller says the group was "holding everybody up" and one of the women accused the golf club of racism. He said no weapons were involved "other than her mouth."
The caller told a dispatcher, "We have a tough situation here with a group of golfers that decides they don't want to abide by the rules."
Saying one woman in the group had accused the club of racism, he said "We're not being racist. We're being golf course management that has to have play moving a certain way."
No charges were filed, but the confrontation came amid two other similar incidents. A Starbucks employee called police on two black men in Philadelphia because they hadn't bought anything in the store. Police handcuffed and arrested them. And employees of an LA Fitness in New Jersey wrongly accused a black member and his guest of not paying to work out and called police.
A woman walks past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a local bank in Hong Kong, Monday, March 19, 2018. Asian stock markets were mixed Monday following Wall Streetâ€™s gain and Chinaâ€™s appointment of a new central bank governor and other top economic officials. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
A woman walks past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a local bank in Hong Kong, Monday, March 19, 2018. Asian stock markets were mixed Monday following Wall Streetâ€™s gain and Chinaâ€™s appointment of a new central bank governor and other top economic officials. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
LONDON (AP) - Global stock markets have started the new week on a soft note, weighed down by worries about a trade war.
KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 1.2 percent at 7,078 while Germany's DAX fell 0.6 percent to 12,314. France's CAC-40 was 0.5 percent lower at 5,255. U.S. stocks were poised for a soft opening, with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures 0.5 percent lower.
TRADE WORRIES: With finance ministers and central bankers from the Group of 20 leading industrial and developing nations meeting in Buenos Aires Monday and Tuesday, there is mounting concern that a global trade war may be looming following the decision of U.S. President Donald Trump to slap tariffs on imported steel and aluminum. The European Union, for example, has already published a list of American products it plans to tax if it is not exempted from the tariffs announced by Trump. They are worth around 2.8 billion euros ($3.4 billion) in trade annually, but the list could grow to the equivalent of 6.4 billion euros once the full extent of the impact of U.S. tariffs is known.
ANALYST TAKE: "It's been a rocky start to trading at the start of the week, as the prospect of a trade war becomes ever more real," said Craig Erlam, senior market analyst at OANDA. "Despite what he says, I'm not sure that a trade war is what Trump actually wants from these tariffs or that he'll find much support for one within his party."
FED WATCH: Investors will also be closely monitoring this week's first meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve's rate-setting committee under newly appointed Fed chairman Jerome Powell. Another quarter-point increase in the Fed's benchmark rate is anticipated. More important for investors is what the Fed says about the U.S. economic outlook and in particular its forecasts for inflation. "Jay Powell's first meeting as chairman will end with a rate hike, but the accompanying statement's tone and forecast update will be key for markets," said James Knightley, chief international economist at ING.
CHINA'S NEW FACES: A U.S.-trained economist was named to succeed longtime Chinese central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan as part of a slate of new economic officials. The appointments come as Beijing tries to rein in surging debt and reduce financial risk. The new governor of the People's Bank of China, Yi Gang, is a 20-year veteran of the bank and known to foreign investors and regulators as head of China's foreign exchange regulator.
ASIA'S DAY: The Shanghai Composite Index added 0.3 percent to 3,279.25 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 fell 0.9 percent to 21,480.90. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 12 points to 31,513.76 and Seoul's Kospi lost 0.8 percent to 2,475.03. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 advanced 0.2 percent to 5,959.40.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 9 cents to $62.32 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange while Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 5 cents to $66.26 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The euro was up 0.2 percent at $1.2314 while the dollar rose 0.4 percent to 106.29 yen.
Related Coverage Death toll rises to 12 in London apartment building inferno
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – At least a dozen people are dead after a high rise apartment fire in London.
Knoxville Fire Department Capt. DJ Corcoran says more than three floors is considered a high rise and there are multiple high rises in downtown Knoxville.
“If you're in a high rise unit and the smoke alarm goes off, the fire alarm goes off, get out,” said Capt. Corcoran.
Related story: Death toll rises to 12 in London apartment building inferno
Leigh Burch with Sterchi Lofts says his high rise complex has some of the latest technology when it comes to fire alarms by allowing staff to speak to tenants over the system.
“Saying ‘Hey this is a real fire', or ‘You need to leave the building right now', you have that capability with this system,” said Burch.
Most places, including Sterchi, have signs telling people to use the stairs in the case of fire. Corcoran says if the stairs are blocked, the best thing to do is go back to the unit.
“That's going to buy you some time,” said Corcoran. “Put some wet towels around your door where you're not getting smoke into your unit.”
Many high rise buildings have brick or cinder block between units that will keep the fire from spreading between the units. Burch says Sterchi has only had minor fires confined to one unit.
“We had one small fire where one of the tenants was cooking with a lot grease and everything and it got out of control but the building got evacuated without a hitch,” said Burch.
Kurtis Kyle lives on the eighth floor of Sterchi and says he doesn't worry about getting caught in an apartment fire.
“I mean with the fire station being kind of close and being on campus just right across the street, I feel like they have enough time to respond and get people down if they needed to be,” said Kyle.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Piano as an instrument is definitely an inspiring delight to play. For a lot of people, it truly is a hidden hobby and for some a persuading career. Be it any reason to lay your hands on the piano, now it can be feasible to grow to be great without years of practice in high priced piano lessons but in the comfort of the household. With basic understanding of piano notes, keys, chords, and large amount of practice 1 can self-train oneself towards becoming a pro-pianist. Get much more information about learn piano
So, now you've got decided to go for it alone, right here I'll stroll you by means of some simple pointers to consider:
1. Choice amongst piano or keyboard to start with for any newbie:
By far the most productive and very affordable method to start off are Electronic Keyboards. The keyboard ought to be with 88 weighted keys. The weighted keys create hand strength and respond extra just like the keys of an acoustic piano. Most electronic keyboards do not have weighted keys. If a keyboard with 88 weighted keys continues to be out of one's value range, we advise that students use a keyboard with at the very least 61 keys.
2. Familiarize oneself with standard piano information:
Can be either 88 keys digital piano or 61 keys digital piano. Typically for any beginner, 61 keys piano keyboard is enough to cover maximum number of songs. Keys are organized within a distinctive 12-note pattern that repeats across the complete piano essential layout. White piano keys are called naturals mainly because they make a organic note when pressed. Black piano keys are known as accidentals since they make a sharp or flat note when pressed. You'll find seven naturals around the keyboard namely C-D-E-F-G-A-B.
3. Schooling yourself with main keys and chords
Begin with playing and familiarizing to differentiate the tones i.e. the middle tones (middle of piano), flat tones (left black keys), sharp tones (ideal black keys), bass tones (low sounds) and higher tones (high sounds) by listening to them. The basis step is usually to study the eight big keys and to be in a position to determine the sound each and every one creates. Songs are mostly composed of variation of chords as well as the chords are composed of exact same notes. Identifying these notes may be the main step towards identifying a song. As for starter, 1 ought to focus in obtaining accustomed to the basics chords, its location in the keyboard and its sound.
4. Notice the patterns
All songs are composed of musical patterns. Chords repeat themselves typically inside a steady beat or rhythm. If you can determine the patterns that you hear, it is actually much a lot easier to play a song which you hear. You are going to be capable of learn which chords are combined with other individuals.
5. Mastering finger placement
To be able to seriously play, one has to understand with which fingers to play the keys with. Following any instructional video or book stick to the pattern of numbering the fingers. With practice one can master the finger placement.
6. Use a variety of instructional books and world-wide-web
You are able to use instructional books and on the internet web sites like You-tube as your tutors to learn ways to study music, play simple scales, chord progressions then easy songs.
7. Practice will be the crucial to good results
Play with sheet music to get superior at sight reading, fingering and playing. Strategy on practicing about 3 to 4 occasions a week for about a half hour. Never move on towards the next lesson until you have mastered the prior lesson. Listen to songs. Then practice humming them and see when you can duplicate the song in your piano or keyboard. Or, pick a song that you like and making use of the strategies that you have discovered, try to play it by ear. Becoming a very good piano player demands a great deal of practice. You are going to need to practice at the least three times per week
8. Last but not the least, you could also go for online tutors
Because it's a costly affair, for extra support for tuning up your fundamental know-how one also can choose online piano lessons. Utilizing this process alongside would make it easier to avoid bad habits which are tough to unlearn.
Myths to help keep an eye for prior to starting:
Learn to read music may be the sole solution to learn a piano
Every little thing is just not just about placement of fingers
Practicing a single song repeatedly
What are you waiting for! Tune up your piano and have entertaining playing!
A lorry that was wedged between two houses has been freed, but not after it has caused some damage.
The vehicle, delivering sugar, was brought down Butcher Hill's Lane in Nailsworth from its precarious position at about 3.30pm.
But as it turned, an overflow pipe and paintwork from resident Gary Raw's house came off, so he will be putting in an insurance claim against the driver.
"They brought it forward instead of backing it up the lane and it caused the damage," said the 59-year-old.
"People rely on sat-navs and don't use their eyes these days as much as they should.
"Annoyingly it scraped the house and knocked the overflow pipe off.
"I think the driver was shocked and embarrassed more than anything."
The lorry was stuck for more than two hours off the B4058 close to Old Bristol Road, which is quite near to the centre of the town.
"They let the tyres down to reduce the height of the lorry, which I was told came from Avonmouth," Mr Raw added.
"It's on Market Street and police are assessing what to do with it."
The incident blocked the road from approximately 12.55pm and caused delays to traffic.
It is understood that the other house the lorry collided with is empty, but the landlady has been told.
Inspector Jay Tiernan of Gloucestershire Police told the BBC the driver was following a sat-nav, and didn't know the area.
He said: "It has caused some structural damage to the property. Some masonry has been disturbed, tiling and guttering has been damaged.
"The road will remain closed for the time being until we can assess how much damage has been done and to make sure the property is safe.
"What has led to this incident is the driver has followed satellite navigation and has gone for the quickest route. The satellite will direct you down roads which really aren't suitable for the vehicles that are trying to use them, and the driver wasn't aware locally of how narrow and steep that road was."
DALLAS (AP) - Two Dallas police officers have been critically wounded in a shooting outside a hardware store.
The shooting happened about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas.
The Dallas Police Department tweeted about the shooting, giving the conditions of the officers. But it did not immediately provide other details.
The department tweeted that a civilian was also shot. That person's condition wasn't immediately known.
Aerial video showed police using a helicopter and trained dogs to search for a suspect in a wooded area next to the store parking lot.
President Donald Trump plans to hire a new attorney, Joseph E. diGenova, for his outside legal team handling the Russia investigations, the New York Times reported Monday afternoon, citing three people told about the decision.
DiGenova, a Washington, D.C. lawyer and former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, has pushed the conspiracy theory that FBI officials framed Trump. He told the Daily Caller in January that the FBI “created false facts so that they could get surveillance warrants.” DiGenova also served as independent counsel in the Bill Clinton passport investigation in the 1990s.
DiGenova will not play a leading role on Trump's legal team but will be a “more aggressive player,” according to the New York Times.
Victoria Toensing, DiGenova's wife, represents former Trump campaign co-chair Sam Clovis; Erik Prince, the Blackwater CEO and informal Trump adviser who reportedly met with a Russian businessman in the Seychelles early last year; and and an informant in the Uranium One conspiracy theory pushed by conservatives.
Christian Leuprecht, a professor at Royal Military College in Kingston, Ont., who studies policing and security issues, also said Lam's actions were "textbook" examples of the latest approaches.
The result is a suspect who is now in custody and who may be able to shed light on why the devastating incident occurred, he said.
Police say Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is the lone suspect in the attack. He was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Leuprecht noted how Lam only stood up after carefully observing the suspect and determining he didn't have a gun.
Lam spoke loudly and calmly, even as the suspect encouraged the officer to shoot him. When he claimed to have a gun in his pocket, Lam replied, "I don't care," and repeatedly instructed him to "Get down."
Leuprecht said Lam seemed to go further than some others might have when he decided to approach and arrest the suspect, rather than wait for backup.
"There's an impressive moment when he takes his firearm, puts it in his holster, he goes over with his baton, and he handcuffs the individual," he said.
"I think that goes above and beyond the call of duty. He could have had a knife. He could have had a suicide belt."
However, the university professor, who is currently teaching in Australia, says if the constable had waited for backup, the situation might have escalated and had a different outcome.
"The opportunity to ensure the individual could no longer pose a chance of harm to himself or to others is what that officer jumped at," said Leuprecht.
McCormack said while additional training is a factor, he knows Lam well enough to say his personality factored in.
He described him as an intelligent, relatively young officer who is highly skilled and trained.
McCormack says the constable — who is in his 30s — positioned himself well so that he could see precisely what was unfolding before him.
"By his actions he did not perceive the threat to escalate and that is why he did not use his firearm," he said.
— With files from Alison Auld in Halifax.
By Michael Tutton, The Canadian Press
The TV host is helping everyday Aussies look and feel their best with her new range 'Body by Finch'.
BETHLEHEM, Pa. (AP) - Authorities say a smoldering body was found behind an eastern Pennsylvania apartment complex.
Bethlehem police were called to the Parkhurst Apartments at about 2:45 a.m. Tuesday after reports of what appeared to be a mannequin on fire next to a large trash bin.
Chief Mark DiLuzio said an officer instead found the body of a man and used a fire extinguisher to put out the blaze.
Police haven't released the identity of the victim. The Northampton County coroner's office will determine the cause and manner of death.
Police are asking anyone who heard or saw anything to call investigators. They say there were no surveillance cameras at the complex.
If you've ever wanted get started in a career in project management, now is the time.
We've teamed up with StackCommerce to help you ace the Project Management Professional (PMP) and Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) certifications.
The Project Management Professional Certification Training will teach you how to effectively manage a wide variety of projects from beginning to end, plus the coursework even counts towards the 35 contact-hour requirement for the PMP.
Not only that, but the PMP Certification Training will help you build a huge arsenal of skills, with over 76 courses and 35 hours of training available to use any time for the lifetime of the product.
Get started now.
Price: US$49.99
Length: 35 hours of training
This is a promotional ScienceAlert Academy post, in partnership with StackCommerce. We carefully vet all courses and products to make sure they're relevant to our readers, and make a share in the profits of any sales.
May 2 Tunghsu Azure Renewable Energy Co Ltd
* Says it agrees to buy ecological engineering firm for 340 million yuan ($49.32 million), share trade to resume on May 3
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2pBc8db; bit.ly/2pTgAHl
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8941 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
“The breakage rate for Microsoft Corp's Surface devices is significantly worse than for other manufacturers' laptops and tablets, Consumer Reports said, adding that it was removing its ‘recommended' designation for Surface products,” Salvador Rodriguez reports for Reuters. “The non-profit publication surveyed 90,000 tablet and laptop owners and found that an estimated 25 percent of those with Microsoft Surface devices would be presented with ‘problems by the end of the second year of ownership,' according to a study published on Thursday.”
“‘If you are very concerned about how long your products are going to last, it might be better for you to go with a brand that has a higher predicted reliability,' Jerry Beilinson, electronics editor at the consumer goods testing publication, said in an interview,” Rodriguez reports. “According to the Consumer Reports survey responses, the Microsoft devices were found to freeze, unexpectedly shut down or have issues with their touchscreens, Beilinson said.”
“Altogether, the reliability issues made Microsoft a statistical outlier compared with other brands,” Rodriguez reports. “Apple Inc had the most reliable devices, Beilinson said.”
Read more in the full article here.
The New Yorker on Monday announced it had “severed ties” with prominent political reporter Ryan Lizza over what the magazine called “improper sexual conduct.”
“The New Yorker recently learned that Ryan Lizza engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct,” a New Yorker spokesperson said in a statement to TPM. “We have reviewed the matter and, as a result, have severed ties with Lizza. Due to a request for privacy, we are not commenting further.”
Lizza was the magazine's Washington correspondent, a CNN political analyst and an adjunct lecturer at Georgetown University.
“We have just learned of the New Yorker's decision,” a CNN spokesperson told TPM in a statement Monday afternoon. “Ryan Lizza will not appear on CNN while we look into this matter.”
“Georgetown recently learned of the New Yorker's actions,” a spokesperson for the university told TPM. “Classes have concluded for the fall semester at the University. Mr. Lizza will not be teaching any classes next semester.”
Lizza said in a statement that he was “dismayed” by the New Yorker's description of his behavior, which he characterized as “a respectful relationship with a woman I dated.”
“The New Yorker was unable to cite any company policy that was violated,” he claimed. “This decision, which was made hastily and without a full investigation of the relevant facts, was a terrible mistake.”
Ryan Lizza says in a statement that he's “dismayed” the New Yorker has characterized “a respectful relationship with a woman I dated as somehow inappropriate.” Full statement: pic.twitter.com/SvjnzSaYSR — Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) December 11, 2017
Wigdor LLP, an employment law firm in New York, on Monday said it is representing “the victim” of Lizza's “misconduct.”
“Although she desires to remain confidential and requests that her privacy be respected in no way did Mr. Lizza's misconduct constitute a ‘respectful relationship' as he has now tried to characterize it,” the firm said in a statement.
Wigdor says firm is representing Lizza accuser: "In no way did Mr. Lizza's misconduct constitute a 'respectful relationship' as he has now tried to characterize it" pic.twitter.com/5QP0JLUwqT — Oliver Darcy (@oliverdarcy) December 11, 2017
In July, then-White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci called Lizza and regaled him with a profanity-laced rant about then-White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and then-chief White House strategist Steve Bannon.
As of Monday afternoon, Lizza's staff biography on the New Yorker's website had been converted to the past tense.
This post has been updated.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Scott Pruitt in a press release said he signed a rule that ends the use of confidential scientific studies in the formulation of government policy.
"The era of secret science at EPA is coming to an end," Pruitt said on Tuesday. "The ability to test, authenticate, and reproduce scientific findings is vital for the integrity of [the] rulemaking process. Americans deserve to assess the legitimacy of the science underpinning EPA decisions that may impact their lives."
© AP Photo / Ted S. Warren US Citizens Sue Over Manhattan Project Radioactive Waste Stored in Their Towns
According to the release, the rule signed by Pruitt will ensure that the regulatory science underlying government actions is fully transparent and publicly available.
Senior Government Relations Officer for the American Association for the Advancement of Science, Sean Gallagher, told NPR news that Pruitt's new rule will limit the "best available" science that can be used by the EPA.
The EPA chief has come under fire recently over alleged ethics violations and abuse of government resources. Last week, 107 US lawmakers signed a resolution urging Pruitt to resign.
Two women on trial for a violent kidnapping and robbery that ended with a man in hospital with fractures to both sides of his face, a broken nose, a broken rib, and bruises were allegedly on their third victim by the time they were arrested by Ottawa police in September 2014.
The scheme, according to the Crown, was simple: Befriend men on Facebook or at a bar, arrange to meetin person, and invite male friends to beat them up, rob them, and drop them off in the woods. In one case the group forced a man to call his father and make a ransom demand, but it was unsuccessful.
Those were part of the prosecution's opening remarks in the case against 27-year-old Laura Brahaney of Ottawa, and 24-year-old Hibanura Ali of Edmonton. Both women are charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping, robbery, and conspiracy to commit robbery. They have pleaded not guilty.
Their trial relates to one alleged victim ­— a 58-year-old man at the time — but assistant Crown attorney Matthew Geigen-Miller opened his case for a jury Tuesday by outlining what he said was a co-ordinated pattern of other violent robberies involving two other men in the Ottawa area over a 10-day period.
In the first of the three robberies, a man was blindfolded, beaten multiple times, robbed, confined in Brahaney's home, then dropped off in a wooded area in Gananoque where he was beaten again.
“Before robbery one had finished, Ms. Brahaney was back on her cellphone setting up robbery two,” the Crown said in his opening address.
Court heard that two days before the third robbery, Brahaney and another friend met a man by chance in a convenience store parking lot and that the three of them went to a nearby bar in Vanier for drinks. Two days later, Brahaney, this time with Ali, met the man at the same bar but instead of driving him home afterwards, Brahaney drove him to a wooded area where he was beaten by two male friends and robbed of his cellphone and wallet.
They put him in the back in the Brahaney's SUV and the group drove to a TD bank in Vanier. Ali walked inside and attempted three times to withdraw money with the man's debit card, but there was little cash to steal.
They ended up leaving him in a wooded area near Vanier to walk home bloodied and bruised from the assault, the Crown said.
When he finally got home, his family took him to hospital.
While he initially told an investigator he was robbed by complete strangers and wasn't forthcoming, he eventually admitted to meeting Brahaney prior to the robbery, court heard.
The Crown noted that although the accused women”participated” in the beating, neither laid a finger on the man.
The jury is expected to hear from a forensic expert who will testify that blood stains found in Brahaney's vehicle came back as a match to the third alleged victim.
The doctor who treated him is also expected to testify, as well as police officers who investigated the robberies, bank employees, and other witnesses.
Brahaney and Ali are being defended by lawyers Michael Smith and Samir Adam.
The trial, scheduled for three weeks at the Ottawa courthouse, continues Wednesday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — The suspect behind last summer's deadly vehicle incident in Charlottesville is scheduled to appear in court on Thursday.
James Alex Fields Jr. is slated to appear in U.S. District Court in Charlottesville at 3 p.m.
Fields was arrested in Charlottesville last August, was indicted on 30 counts, including a hate crime resulting in death and bodily injury, and racially motivated violent interference with “federally protected activity.”
A new indictment last week added a federal civil rights dimension to the case that captured the nation's attention when supremacist groups descended on the Virginia city and violent clashes erupted.
Prosecutors say Fields killed Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old Charlottesville paralegal, and injured others who were demonstrating against the “Unite the Right” rally. The event drew self-described “white nationalists” and other organizations who opposed the city's decision to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from Emancipation Park.
“At the Department of Justice, we remain resolute that hateful ideologies will not have the last word and that their adherents will not get away with violent crimes against those they target,” said Attorney General Jeff Sessions in a statement last week.
“Last summer's violence in Charlottesville cut short a promising young life and shocked the nation. Today's indictment should send a clear message to every would-be criminal in America that we aggressively prosecute violent crimes of hate that threaten the core principles of our nation.”
Fields already faces state first-degree murder and malicious wounding charges and the case was set for a trial this fall.
Surveillance video from the scene showed a Dodge Challenger stopping about a block and a half away from the protesters, reversing, then driving into the crowd before speeding away in reverse.
Fields could not be seen driving the car, but aerial footage from Virginia State Police showed him getting out of the car and on the ground after the collision.
The CNN Wire contributed to this report.
March 29 Electricite De France Sa
* EDF Energy Chief Executive Vincent de Rivaz says there will be "no impact" on its nuclear project Hinkley Point C in Britain from issues at Areva's Le Creusot factory in France.
* He said the reactor vessel for the plant will be made "at right place and right time", declining to give further details.
* De Rivaz said EDF Energy is "ticking all the boxes" in terms of safety and environmental compliance for the project.
* An internal document by Britain's Office for Nuclear Regulation seen by Reuters last week warned about the implications for the Hinkley Point C project as it said the Creusot Forge's nuclear safety culture fell short of expectations. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Nina Chestney)
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Rushing Defense
Through games of Dec. 09
G Car Yds TD Yds Pg Washington 12 421 1,108 8 92.3 Wisconsin 13 407 1,204 5 92.6 Alabama 12 409 1,129 8 94.1 TCU 13 446 1,298 6 99.8 Michigan St. 12 360 1,215 12 101.3 Texas 12 428 1,268 13 105.7 Ohio St. 13 465 1,414 12 108.8 San Diego St. 12 384 1,325 12 110.4 Northwestern 12 409 1,335 10 111.3 Ohio 12 391 1,337 11 111.4 Northern Ill. 12 474 1,347 11 112.3 Georgia 13 422 1,464 6 112.6 Clemson 13 470 1,467 5 112.8 Troy 12 454 1,377 7 114.8 Fresno St. 13 433 1,516 12 116.6 Virginia Tech 12 430 1,417 6 118.1 Penn St. 12 423 1,430 11 119.2 Kansas St. 12 402 1,461 17 121.8 Marshall 12 434 1,505 11 125.4 Boise St. 13 467 1,636 20 125.8 Michigan 12 425 1,511 15 125.9 South Fla. 11 422 1,390 16 126.4 LSU 12 399 1,517 16 126.4 Mississippi St. 12 409 1,524 17 127.0 UTSA 11 375 1,405 10 127.7 Oregon 12 434 1,559 17 129.9 Oklahoma St. 12 456 1,581 21 131.8 NC State 12 405 1,586 14 132.2 Southern Miss. 12 433 1,586 20 132.2 Purdue 12 446 1,600 10 133.3 Iowa St. 12 434 1,611 10 134.3 Auburn 13 493 1,749 10 134.5 Florida St. 12 438 1,632 18 136.0 Middle Tenn. 12 465 1,639 18 136.6 Arkansas St. 11 431 1,513 15 137.5 Utah 12 406 1,678 14 139.8 Texas St. 12 455 1,700 21 141.7 Iowa 12 412 1,705 9 142.1 Pittsburgh 12 407 1,709 14 142.4 Oklahoma 13 466 1,874 19 144.2 Miami (FL) 12 497 1,753 10 146.1 Washington St. 12 421 1,754 23 146.2 South Carolina 12 451 1,760 14 146.7 Appalachian St. 12 438 1,765 14 147.1 BYU 13 520 1,919 15 147.6 Georgia St. 11 375 1,639 14 149.0 Houston 11 432 1,644 17 149.5 South Ala. 12 431 1,822 15 151.8 Notre Dame 12 464 1,838 9 153.2 Georgia Tech 11 373 1,690 15 153.6 Florida 11 400 1,693 16 153.9 Louisville 12 459 1,847 20 153.9 Texas Tech 12 440 1,851 15 154.3 Western Mich. 12 443 1,873 27 156.1 New Mexico 12 406 1,889 20 157.4 Southern California 13 472 2,058 18 158.3 Indiana 12 497 1,925 18 160.4 Duke 12 469 1,927 15 160.6 Kentucky 12 410 1,946 21 162.2 Missouri 12 479 1,962 26 163.5 California 12 475 1,969 21 164.1 Texas A&M 12 482 1,975 17 164.6 New Mexico St. 12 475 1,977 24 164.8 Navy 12 429 1,979 18 164.9 UCF 12 454 1,988 14 165.7 Fla. Atlantic 13 520 2,155 22 165.8 Army West Point 12 402 1,993 19 166.1 Toledo 13 465 2,163 23 166.4 Miami (OH) 12 449 2,001 13 166.8 Idaho 12 463 2,017 19 168.1 UAB 12 462 2,038 15 169.8 Stanford 13 490 2,219 17 170.7 Kansas 12 491 2,059 31 171.6 Wyoming 12 572 2,066 15 172.2 Minnesota 12 422 2,066 19 172.2 Western Ky. 12 457 2,071 25 172.6 FIU 12 437 2,086 20 173.8 Eastern Mich. 12 481 2,089 17 174.1 Louisiana Tech 12 450 2,129 21 177.4 Virginia 12 481 2,139 18 178.3 Arizona St. 12 423 2,147 25 178.9 Ga. Southern 12 414 2,164 21 180.3 Temple 12 492 2,182 18 181.8 Rutgers 12 475 2,182 21 181.8 Colorado St. 12 441 2,193 20 182.8 UConn 12 447 2,221 26 185.1 Arizona 12 482 2,247 31 187.3 Ball St. 12 448 2,256 27 188.0 Baylor 12 463 2,279 22 189.9 Central Mich. 12 515 2,287 24 190.6 Maryland 12 490 2,290 29 190.8 Wake Forest 12 516 2,300 22 191.7 Cincinnati 12 526 2,309 19 192.4 Rice 12 462 2,311 30 192.6 Buffalo 12 534 2,338 21 194.8 Arkansas 12 469 2,353 28 196.1 Syracuse 12 451 2,360 28 196.7 Memphis 12 526 2,362 24 196.8 Akron 13 512 2,564 19 197.2 Massachusetts 12 480 2,375 27 197.9 Boston College 12 477 2,381 24 198.4 Vanderbilt 12 479 2,382 30 198.5 Old Dominion 12 529 2,450 30 204.2 West Virginia 12 486 2,457 23 204.8 Charlotte 12 517 2,470 26 205.8 Colorado 12 477 2,496 23 208.0 North Texas 13 552 2,705 32 208.1 Nevada 12 565 2,499 24 208.3 Hawaii 12 480 2,522 23 210.2 Tulane 12 464 2,525 26 210.4 North Carolina 12 532 2,556 21 213.0 Kent St. 12 487 2,559 31 213.3 SMU 12 508 2,559 32 213.3 Nebraska 12 463 2,577 33 214.8 Illinois 12 548 2,622 27 218.5 Utah St. 12 597 2,639 19 219.9 Air Force 12 451 2,674 31 222.8 La.-Monroe 12 499 2,793 32 232.8 UTEP 12 520 2,812 32 234.3 Oregon St. 12 515 2,829 35 235.8 Louisiana 12 537 2,839 39 236.6 UNLV 12 530 2,872 32 239.3 Ole Miss 12 550 2,944 29 245.3 East Carolina 12 501 2,946 36 245.5 Tennessee 12 555 3,015 29 251.3 Bowling Green 12 544 3,039 35 253.3 Tulsa 12 543 3,180 32 265.0 UCLA 12 600 3,392 31 282.7 San Jose St. 13 686 3,710 40 285.4
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Russian economic growth is modest, but the country's GDP has been increasing for three consecutive quarters, reaching 0.7 percent in January-April 2017, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Thursday.
"What allows us to say that the recession in the Russian economy is over? The first and very important fact is that we had three quarters of economic growth, GDP growth. Modestly, but nevertheless, [it grows] from quarter to quarter," Putin said during his annual "Direct Line" session.
He recalled that GDP growth in the fourth quarter last year amounted to 0.3 percent year-on-year, then accelerated to 0.5 percent in the first quarter of this year before growing 1.4 percent in April compared to the same month last year.
"In general, over four months we had plus 0.7 percent," Putin added.
Russia has been hit by a downturn that began in early 2015 after falling oil prices and Western anti-Russia sanctions took bite. The country's GDP fell 3.7 percent in 2015, according to the Russian Federal Statistics Service Rosstat.
On April 18, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said in its World Economic Outlook report that Russian economic growth is expected to pick up in 2017 — 2018 and will reach 1.4 percent for both years.
There are calls to follow the lead of the UK and the US and have standard clothing sizes.
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber delivers in the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak)
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber delivers in the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak)
CLEVELAND (AP) - Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox to complete a series sweep.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended his MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion connected for back-to-back homers in the fourth off Chris Volstad as the Indians opened a 9-0 lead.
The White Sox committed two more errors, dropped their fourth in a row and fell to 16-37. Chicago had five errors in the three-game series.
Yolmer Sanchez homered leading off the ninth as the White Sox avoided a shutout.
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and he didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning his already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escaped by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MANAGING MILLER
The Indians are still working out a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller, who has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue.
Miller has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11. He visited a specialist in New York on Wednesday, and manager Terry Francona said the tests and examination gave Miller "some peace of mind."
The 33-year-old is not expected to need surgery at this time. Francona said the team will likely have more information Thursday in Minnesota on the next course of action for Miller, who is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: INF Matt Davidson (back spasms) will be re-evaluated when the team returns home for a weekend series against Milwaukee. Davidson, tied for the club lead with 11 home runs, was placed on the DL on Monday.
Indians: Injured OFs Bradley Zimmer (bruised left rib), Lonnie Chisenhall (strained right calf) and Brandon Guyer (strained neck) are all making progress. Francona said Zimmer is the closest to being activated.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. He picked up his first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make his major league debut - on his 23rd birthday - in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. He pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on his birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbasebal
Bunnings Bunbury staff and customers shared in a hairy experience last week as they chopped and coloured their locks to raise funds for the World's Greatest Shave.
The event was held as a tradies breakfast, complete with a fruit, muffin, chocolate and burger spread, for gold coin donations that were donated to the charity.
Bunnings Bunbury store complex manager Dion Turner said the team members enjoyed hosting the breakfast to raise money for the Leukaemia Foundation.
“We are always happy to help with hands-on projects and initiatives that help out our local community,” he said.
Apart from raising money, staff also raised awareness as they donned their new hairdos for the rest of the work day.
FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018 file photo, Roseanne Barr attends the ABC All-Star Party arrivals during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. Barr is blaming a racist tweet that got her hit show canceled on the insomnia medication Ambien, prompting its maker to respond that "racism is not a known side effect." (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File)
FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018 file photo, Roseanne Barr attends the ABC All-Star Party arrivals during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. Barr is blaming a racist tweet that got her hit show canceled on the insomnia medication Ambien, prompting its maker to respond that "racism is not a known side effect." (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - "Roseanne" was the week's most-watched comedy on television for what suddenly became its final episode.
The series reached 10.58 million last Tuesday, second only to the CBS drama "NCIS" in the weekly Nielsen rankings.
"Roseanne" was expected to come back next year, but ABC canceled the series on Tuesday following a racist tweet sent out by star Roseanne Barr. The show's revival lasted three months.
Another ABC comedy that had its last episode last week, "The Middle," was seen by 7.09 million, Nielsen said. That last episode was planned.
The ratings were dominated by the NBA conference finals. The Western Conference series between the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets were a bigger draw than the series between the Boston Celtics and Cleveland Cavaliers.
CBS won the week in prime-time, averaging 5 million viewers. NBC had 4.4 million, ABC had 4.1 million, Fox had 2.7 million, Univision had 1.3 million, ION Television had 1.1 million, Telemundo had 1 million and the CW had 840,000.
ESPN was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 4.64 million viewers in prime time. TNT had 3.04 million, Fox News Channel had 2.22 million, MSNBC had 1.45 million and USA had 1.43 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 8 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" was second with 7.7 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 5.7 million viewers.
For the week of May 21-27, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "NCIS," CBS, 12.07 million; "Roseanne," ABC, 10.58 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 6, TNT, 9.47 million; NBA Conference Finals: Golden State at Houston, Game 5, TNT, 9.32 million; "The Voice" (Tuesday), NBC, 8.78 million; "Dancing With the Stars: Athletes," ABC, 8.77 million; "American Idol" (Monday), ABC, 8.68 million; "The Voice" (Monday), NBC, 8.67 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 4, TNT, 8.37 million; NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 6, ESPN, 8.27 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
Lauderdale's annual City-Wide Garage Sale will be held Saturday, May 20. Lauderdale residents must call City Hall at 651-792-7650 by Friday, May 12, to register a sale location and let the city know what kinds of items to list about your sale on the garage sale map. The sale is a great way to get rid of stuff, meet your neighbors and find some good deals. There is no charge to register and the city does the promotion. A list of garage sale locations will be available from City Hall the week before the event. If you are having a garage sale, don't forget to put a garage-sale sign in your yard. Sales may begin at 8 a.m.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS- We get it. You're financially challenged but you're still trying to turn up!
Trust, we're right there with you.
Well, this may just be your lucky weekend, because Dallas is looking really charitable right now.
If you're ballin' on a budget, Saturday's your last chance to put on a decent outfit and get a free lunch at Pok the Raw Bar in West Village.
"This is our one year anniversary at Pok," said the owner Brandon Cohanim. "We've created a special menu which is an 8-course omakase tasting menu. This week for lunch it's actually free all week if you're able to grab a spot on Open Table."
All you need is to set that reservation! It looks way better than that 10 cent ramen you were about to eat!
So what about entertainment?
You already know the Granada has you covered with free weekly movies during the warmer months, but this Sunday, you can stop by to watch that little football game without breaking the bank.
"Doors open at 4:30, game kicks off at 5:30. We've got a nacho bar, $3 domestics, concert quality sound, comfy seating, giant screen, and it's free to get it," Jenna Rushing, the marketing director at the Granada.
Your free weekend is all set! Go out and flourish you cost-efficient butterfly!
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): The Congress Party on Monday came down heavily upon Prime Minister Narendra Modi for alleging that Pakistan was meddling in the Gujarat assembly polls and supporting Congress leader Ahmed Patel to have him elevated as the chief minister of the state.
Dubbing Prime Minister Modi's statement as 'irresponsible' and 'outrageous', Congress leader Anand Sharma demanded an apology from him.
"Ex-Pakistan Foreign Minister was here to attend a wedding. There was a dinner organised for him in which there were former diplomats, former army chief among other dignitaries. Does the prime minister think they were all conspiring with Pakistan? This is reprehensible. It's expected of the prime minister to use a language which is equivalent to his post. He should retract his statement and should apologise to maintain the decorum of his post," Sharma said.
He further said that Prime Minister Modi's remarks show that the BJP has realised it was going to lose the Gujarat elections. "The Prime Minister has said Congress is conspiring with Pakistan for Gujarat elections. Its outrageous. This is just an attempt to polarize ahead of second phase of voting in Gujarat polls.This also shows their desperation and that BJP's loss is now certain," he added. Yesterday, while addressing a rally in Gujarat's Banaskantha, Prime Minister Modi alleged that former Pakistan Army director general Arshad Rafique was helping Patel to become the Gujarat chief minister. "Former Pakistan Army director general Arshad Rafique was backing and willing to help make Ahmed Patel the chief minister," he said. The prime minister had also questioned suspended Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar, former prime minister Manmohan Singh and former vice-president Hamid Ansari's meeting with the Pakistan High Commissioner. Meanwhile, Pakistan Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Dr Mohammad Faisal has asked India to stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate. (ANI)
Foreign hotel guests walk past the burnt Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino to retrieve their belongings Monday, March 19, 2018, in Manila, Philippines. Firefighters found two more bodies Monday in a hotel-casino gutted by fire that sent thick, heavy smoke into the sky over the Philippine capital, officials said. (AP Photo/Bullit Marquez)
Foreign hotel guests walk past the burnt Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino to retrieve their belongings Monday, March 19, 2018, in Manila, Philippines. Firefighters found two more bodies Monday in a hotel-casino gutted by fire that sent thick, heavy smoke into the sky over the Philippine capital, officials said. (AP Photo/Bullit Marquez)
MANILA, Philippines (AP) - Firefighters found two more bodies Monday in a hotel-casino gutted by fire that sent thick, heavy smoke into the sky over the Philippine capital, raising the death toll to five, officials said.
One of several people injured in the blaze at the Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino was fighting for her life in a hospital, Bureau of Fire Protection officials said, adding that all others guests and hotel employees have been accounted for.
The bodies of two security camera operators were found after firefighters managed to control the blaze, which raged from Sunday morning to early Monday, the officials said.
It was unclear if the fire started in the casino, located on the lower floors, or in a mezzanine area that was under renovation.
More than 300 hotel guests, including foreign tourists, and hotel and casino employees had been evacuated at the height of the fire, some by helicopter.
Police and firefighters blocked off the areas around the hotel, which lies in the heart of Manila's Ermita tourist and commercial district, to allow dozens of fire trucks to approach and fight the blaze.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte saw the billowing smoke and made an aerial inspection Sunday as he flew back to Manila from a northern city where he delivered a speech before Philippine Military Academy graduates, his aide said.
Researchers from the University of Liverpool have spotted the equivalent of smoke-rings in the ocean which they think could 'suck-up' small marine creatures and carry them at high speed and for long distances across the ocean.
The ocean is full of eddies, swirling motions some tens to hundreds of kilometres across, which mix the water and carry it across the average currents. The 'smoke-rings' are a pair of linked eddies spinning in opposite directions that travel up to ten times the speed of 'normal' eddies and were spotted in the Tasman Sea, off the southwest of Australia and in the South Atlantic, west of South Africa. The rings in the ocean are cut in half by the sea surface, so we see the two ends of the half ring at the surface.
Described in a research paper published in the journal `Geophysical Research Letters', the `smoke rings' were discovered by analysing sea level measurements taken from satellites together with sea surface temperature images from the same time and place.
Lead author of the study and an expert in sea level science, Professor Chris Hughes, said: "What we found was a pair of eddies spinning in opposite directions and linked to each other so that they travel together all the way across the Tasman Sea, taking six months to do it.
"Ocean eddies almost always head to the west, but by pairing up they can move to the east and travel ten times as fast as a normal eddy, so they carry water in unusual directions across the ocean.
The smoke rings require an area of calm water to 'puff' out through, which itself is quite unusual. I've looked at other areas of other oceans but I've only seen them in the oceans around Australia, plus one in the South Atlantic. My thinking is that these linked, fast moving eddies could 'suck-up' small marine creatures and carry them at high speed and for long distances across the ocean."
###
China on Wednesday lashed out at Washington's unexpected statement that it will press ahead with tariffs and restrictions on investments by Chinese companies, saying Beijing was ready to fight back if Washington was looking to ignite a trade war.
DAVID SIMONIS / for the Review Times
Homecoming royalty
Skyler Garcia (left) and Briana Rusk pose together Friday evening after being named Fostoria High School's 2017 Homecoming king and queen. The two were crowned royalty before the varsity football game against Lake High School.
Comments
comments
LPC: Securus LBO debt structure dampens investor demand
NEW YORK, June 14 Some institutional investors are dismissing the debt package backing Securus Technologies' US$1.7bn leveraged buyout due to a first-out revolving credit facility, even as thin dealflow and favorable prison policies under the Trump administration position the provider of inmate telecom and ancillary services to turn the page on its choppy history in the leveraged loan market.
CORVALLIS, Ore. - College students attending an Oregon university are using more marijuana now that the drug is legal for recreational use, but the increase is largely among students who also report recent heavy use of alcohol, a new study has found.
Oregon State University researchers compared marijuana usage among college students before and after legalization and found that usage increased at several colleges and universities across the nation but it increased more at the Oregon university. None of the universities were identified in the study.
"It does appear that legalization is having an effect on usage, but there is some nuance to the findings that warrant further investigation," said the study's lead author, David Kerr, an associate professor in the School of Psychological Science in OSU's College of Liberal Arts.
"We found that overall, at schools in different parts of the country, there's been an increase in marijuana use among college students, so we can't attribute that increase to legalization alone."
The results were published today in the journal Addiction. Co-authors are Harold Bae and Sandi Phibbs of OSU's College of Public Health and Human Sciences and Adam Kern of the University of Michigan.
The study is believed to be the first to examine marijuana usage patterns following legalization of recreational marijuana in Oregon and the first to examine the effects of any state's legalization on college students. Voters in Oregon approved legalization in 2014 and the law took effect in 2015.
Oregon's legalization of marijuana is part of a larger trend among U.S. states, but little research has been done so far to understand the impact. In their study, Kerr and his colleagues set out to begin addressing some of those questions.
"It's an important current issue and even the most basic effects have not been studied yet, especially in Oregon," he said. "There are a lot of open questions about how legalization might affect new users, existing users and use of other substances."
Researchers used information collected in the Healthy Minds Study, a national survey of college students' mental health and well-being - including substance use - conducted by the University of Michigan. The study is designed to give colleges and universities information to help them understand the needs of their student populations.
As part of the survey, participants are asked about marijuana and cigarette use in the previous 30 days, as well as frequency of heavy alcohol use within the previous two weeks.
Using data from a large public university in Oregon and six other four-year universities around the country where recreational marijuana is not legal, researchers compared rates of marijuana use before and after the drug was legalized in Oregon. They also examined frequency of heavy alcohol use and cigarette use at those points.
The researchers found that the overall rates of marijuana use rose across the seven schools. Rates of binge drinking - where a person consumes four to five or more drinks in a period of about two hours - stayed the same and cigarette use declined in that period.
"It's likely that the rise in marijuana use across the country is tied in part to liberalization of attitudes about the drug as more states legalize it, for recreational or medical purposes or both," Kerr said. "So legalization both reflects changing attitudes and may influence them even outside of states where the drug is legal."
Researchers also found that marijuana use rates were generally higher, overall, among male students; those living in Greek or off-campus housing; those not identifying as heterosexual; and those attending smaller, private institutions.
One area where legalization had a marked impact was among college students who indicated recent binge drinking; students at the Oregon university who reported binge drinking were 73 percent more likely to also report marijuana use compared to similar peers at schools in states where marijuana remains illegal.
"We think this tells us more about the people who binge drink than about the effects of alcohol itself," Kerr said. "Those who binge drink may be more open to marijuana use if it is easy to access, whereas those who avoid alcohol for cultural or lifestyle reasons might avoid marijuana regardless of its legal status."
The researchers also found that Oregon students under age 21 - the minimum legal age for purchasing and using marijuana - showed higher rates of marijuana use than those over 21.
"This was a big surprise to us, because legalization of use is actually having an impact on illegal use," said Bae, the study's primary statistician.
These initial findings about marijuana use among college students help form a picture of how legalization may be affecting people, Kerr said, but more study is needed before researchers can quantify the harms or net benefits of legalization for young people.
"Americans are conducting a big experiment with marijuana," Kerr said. "We need science to tell us what the results of it are."
###
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Neymar's antics at the 2018 FIFA World Cup have been compared to one of Gloucestershire's most famous events.
The Brazilian international has raised eyebrows during the competition for his excessive rolling after being tackled in a game.
Several edited videos have gone viral of the Paris Saint Germain superstar rolling on the floor and the latest has a Gloucestershire flavour.
Evamini tweeted from Montreal in Canada a clip of the Cooper's Hill cheese rolling with the caption ‘Neymar family reunion'.
The tweet has since gone vital with over 47,000 retweets, almost 100,00 likes and a staggering 1.51million views on the social network website.
Neymar will be back in action on Friday evening as Brazil take on Belgium in a World Cup quarter-final.
London, United Kingdom (July 04, 2018) – Spotify Music is a famous music streaming platform that is used by millions of people worldwide. Amazon Music is another popular platform that lets people stream music and also to buy the songs of their choice for a small fee. Those who wish to transfer their playlist from Spotify to Amazon Music can do so easily with the help of MusConv, an online software program available for purchase at MusConv.com.
Users only need to choose their music source on Spotify, pick the playlist and finally choose the destination of their choice – Amazon Music – to migrate the playlist. Right after they click on ‘Transfer', users can begin to shift their music.
It is possible to get MusConv in 3 different subscriptions – Basic, Professional and Ultimate. With Basic, users can get the unlimited number of songs and playlists in each session as well as exporting their playlists in CSV format along with the chance to get free updates for 2 years. With Professional subscription, users get unlimited songs and playlists per session, batch importing of playlists, CSV export and free updates for 3 years. Ultimate is advancement over Professional subscription, as it also offers Apple Music and Priority support, free updates for lifetime and duplicate tracks deletion from playlists.
About MusConv:
MusConv is an assistive software program that lets users migrate playlists easily across various music streaming platforms.
For more details and further enquiries, please visit https://musconv.com/Spotify-Playlist-To-Amazon-Music
Media Contact:
MusConv
35 Ivor place, Lower Ground, London NW1 6EA, United Kingdom
Email: contact@MusConv.com.
###
Akshay Kumar's Jolly LLB 2 has crossed the 110 crore mark at the worldwide box office.
Till now, the courtroom comedy drama has grossed 93.50 crores (nett. 66.79 crores) in India and 16.73 crores in the international markets. Jolly LLB 2 now stands with a global collection of 110.23 crores.
The movie might enter he 100 crore club by its 2nd weekend at the domestic box office.
Directed by Subhash Kapoor, the film also stars Huma Qureshi, Annu Kapoor and Saurabh Shukla in pivotal roles.
Richie's former pal was sentenced to 45 days in jail after a judge ruled that she violated of the terms of her probation in an alcohol-related reckless driving case.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Florida prosecutors will seek the death penalty against a grandmother accused of killing a woman, then impersonating her, court documents show, as she gambled her way across several states this spring after allegedly killing her husband.
Lois Ann Riess, 56, of Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder, according to a notice of intent to seek the death penalty filed Monday by the Lee County state attorney's office.
Prosecutors list several factors as grounds for the death penalty, including that the capital offense of first-degree murder with a firearm was carried out to avoid a "lawful arrest" and was "committed for pecuniary gain."
"The capital felony was a homicide and was committed in a cold, calculated, and premeditated manner without any pretense of moral or legal justification," according to the notice of intent.
Authorities began searching for Riess in her home state, where she is suspected of killing her husband in March in Dodge County before hitting the road.
In Florida, Riess is believed to have killed Pamela Hutchinson, 59, sometime between April 5 and April 9 in a condo in Fort Myers Beach, according to Deputy US Marshal John Kinsey and US Marshals Service news release.
"She bears a striking resemblance to the deceased, and has stolen the victim's driver license, credit cards and 2005 white Acura TL," the Marshals Service said at the time.
Riess was arrested in South Padre Island, Texas, in April -- four days after Hutchinson's car was seen about 50 miles from Corpus Christi.
She is being held without bond in Lee County, Florida.
Riess also was indicted by a Florida grand jury for grand theft of a motor vehicle, grand theft and criminal use of personal identification information of a deceased individual of $5,000 or more, CNN affiliate WINK reported, citing the state attorney's office.
Investigators said Riess withdrew around $5,000 from Hutchinson's bank account while in Florida, the affiliate said.
'Losing Streak Lois'
Several bank transactions and Riess' interest in gambling, which earned her the nickname "Losing Streak Lois," gave investigators clues as they hunted her across the country.
Before heading to Florida, Riess is believed to have cashed more than $10,000 in forged checks from her husband and her business. She also traveled to Northwood, Iowa, where she spent most of the day gambling at Diamond Jo Casino, the Dodge County, Minnesota, Sheriff's Office said.
Surveillance video shows Riess at a gas station next to the casino on March 23. She was buying a sandwich and asked for driving directions out of state.
Days after Hutchinson's death, Riess stopped at Coushatta Casino Resort in Kinder, Louisiana, WINK reported. She played using her name and won $1,500.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Photo: Johan Seland
Surveys and personal stories reveal that most foreigners who come to live in France see a jump in their quality of life. But the reality is that for some, their new French life can go from dream to nightmare.
Most people who move to France testify to jump in quality of life.
Whether it's a better work-life balance, the food (and wine), the friendly locals, or the affordable healthcare, most who come to live in France have numerous reasons not to regret it.
But not everyone experiences la belle vie.
For them the transition to a Gallic way of life proves to be a little rockier than anticipated and unfortunately they may end up realising they simply took the wrong path.
While the same can to some degree be said for expats moving to any country abroad, one factor that causes many foreigners' dreams to fade on this side of the Channel is that the romantic image of France can be very different to the reality.
“Many people have this big dream of selling up in the UK and moving to France. But unfortunately the dream and the reality do not conform to each other,” a volunteer from SOSHelp, an English-language listening helpline based in France tells The Local.
“For some it just doesn't turn out to be the great life that they thought they would have."
Here the volunteer breaks down the reasons why many foreigners in France end up calling out for help.
1. Holiday versus Home
(Vic Burton)
What can make matters worse is the gulf between the experience of France that people have during a relaxing two-week holiday in a rural ‘gîte' to escape the stresses of life back home, and that of moving here for the long term.
"When people visit France on holiday, everything seems quaint and rustic. Going to the market everyday for a couple of weeks might be great but for 365 days a year, it can get to people," a volunteer at SOS HELP tell The Local.
2. Making French friends:
(Jakob Montrasio)
“The French are not as forthcoming as people in the US or Britain," says SOS Help's volunteer.
"Anglos have more of an open culture. It's not that the French way is wrong, it's just different. And this is something that perhaps people don't anticipate. And when you don't speak the language it's obviously harder. Often people call us because they haven't found good friends like they had at home.”
3. Language struggles
(Meddy Garnet)
Unsurprisingly, many problems around integration stem from expats' inability to speak the language.
The SOSHelp volunteer says: “People sell up, move to France with the impression that their French, which maybe they learned in school, will just come back to the once they have arrived. They think it will be just like at home but with people speaking in a cute accent. But the reality brings a lot of disillusionment.”
4. La France (too) Profonde
The tranquillity of rural life in France is a major pull for those escaping clogged British cities during their summer break, but the gulf between an urban lifestyle at home and rural living in France can make the move even harder: “Some expats will have the double shock, because they have been used to living an urban life, where everything is close by and then end up in rural France and having to get used to very different customs and habits,” said the SOSHelp listener.
5. La vie est chère:
Financial troubles also play a part for many, especially those who go to Paris or who buy their home, not realising how expensive their new life can become.
"Some people end up not being able to afford to stay or at least they can't afford to live the life they thought they would. And often what makes matters worse is they cannot afford to go back home either," the volunteer says.
6. Paris syndrome:
“Paris is the most visited city in the world but when people come it often does not turn out the way they anticipated. They think they will live across the street from the Eiffel Tower, or have a three-room apartment by the Seine, fall in love and make babies, but in reality it can be very different," said SOS Help who receive most of their calls from expats in Paris.
7. Family matters:
“Friends and family often tell them they are so lucky to live in France," says SOSHelp's volunteer.
They say “oh you must have a wonderful life here”, and expats often put on an act because they don't want to tell their loved ones that actually it's not as beautiful as it seems. They often don't want to burden them with their problems. Sometimes their families may have told them it's a mistake but they don't want to admit it."
8. Rocky relationships:
All the problems with settling in can put a severe strain on relationships, which is the reason why many expats end up picking the phone to dial SOSHelp. “Often couples come here and they only have each other for support. Perhaps one of them finds it easier to settle than the other and they end up doing very different activities to each other. Perhaps one works from home doesn't have the same professional position they had before."
9. Investment needed:
“Often people don't realise they need to invest in French life to make it work. They come on holiday and think it's lovely but they don't realise how much effort they will have to put into it when they live here,” says the SOSHelp listener.
10.... And finaly... Brexit
We have added this one on ourselves simply because many Brits in France have testified to the fact that the uncertainty around the UK's divorce with the EU is impacting their life in France.
Many have told us how the stress of the unknown has affected their health whereas as others have suffered financially due to the drop in the value of the pound.
Others have put off moving to France because they now can't afford the property they had they eye on, whilst others are havin trouble selling their properties in France.
In short Brexit has put a spanner in the works for many Brits in France, with the retired population suffering most. Many fear they will simply have to give up the dream and return home.
For more information about SOS Help you can visit their website by CLICKING HERE or give their experienced listeners a call on 01 46 21 46 46 between the hours of 3pm and 11pm daily.
Just for a bit of balance, here are the ways foreigners in France say their lives have improved since coming here.
READ ALSO:
A version of this artile was published on The Local in 2013.
About 35,000 people have already gathered at the Kings Park State War Memorial in Perth for the Anzac Day dawn service.
Among the dignitaries are West Australian Deputy Premier Roger Cook.
After the service there will be an Aboriginal corroboree and Maori haka performance, and a gunfire breakfast at the Government House Gardens, before the march through the CBD.
Cypriot sailor and silver Olympic medalist Pavlos Kontides (London 2012) has won the gold medal in the Split Olympic Sailing Event, in Croatia.
Croatians Filip Jurišić and Tonči Stipanović got second and third place respectively. Stipanović holds an Olympic silver medal (Rio 2016).
He travels to Hyères, France at the end of this week where he competes is the next World Cup set to take place between April 25 and 30, a press release says.
Kontides came second in this year's first World Cup held in Miami. The World Cup Final will take place in Santander, Spain, in June.
“I managed to get the gold medal. I am pleased by my level of readiness in view of the World Cup,” Kontides said.
He acknowledged at the same time that there are details he needs to work on, noting that “it is always good to make an effort to improve.”
CNA
Shah Rukh Khan will not be a part of Baahubali: The Conclusion, the film's makers have said.
According to reports, Shah Rukh had been roped in to play a cameo in the S.S. Rajamouli directorial. However, the news has been rubbished by the makers.
“We would have loved to have SRK in our movie! Who wouldn't? But unfortunately it's a rumour! Not true! ‘Baahubali 2‘,” read a post on the official Twitter page of the film on Tuesday.
“Baahubali: The Conclusion” is the continuation of “Baahubali: The Beginning.” The film features Rana Daggubati, Sathyaraj, Tamannaah Bhatia and Ramya Krishnan.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — An upscale New Jersey town violated anti-discrimination laws by insisting that a proposed mosque have more parking spaces than churches or synagogues because of its unique worship times and traditions, a federal judge has ruled.
The ruling issued Saturday by U.S. District Judge Michael Shipp stated that Bernards Township violated the Religious Land Use and Institutional Persons Act by applying a different standard to Muslims.
Shipp found the township's planning board had “unbridled and unconstitutional discretion” because of its vague parking requirements.
The Islamic Society's application to build the mosque was denied after more than three years and 39 public hearings. The group sued the township in March.
The Islamic Society's attorney, Adeel Mangi, had argued that parking requirements were the tool municipalities used to thwart construction of mosques.
“This truly is a landmark ruling with national impact,” Mangi told NJ.com.
Bernards Mayor Carol Bianchi issued a statement criticizing the judge's ruling. The town had argued that it was completely appropriate to insist a mosque provide more off-street parking than a comparably sized church or synagogue because of its unique worship times and traditions.
“The Township vehemently disagrees with the court's decision and awaits a full analysis of the 57-page decision by its attorneys, who only learned of the decision on New Year's Day,” the statement said. “The Township will consider how to the best move forward including appealing the decision when ripe for appeal.”
The mosque has said its peak worship time was likely Friday afternoon prayers. Township planners determined that because congregants would most likely be arriving straight from work, every worshipper would require a parking space.
Shipp, though, noted that the township had not conducted individual assessments of worship habits when churches or synagogues came before its boards. By its own admission, the town applied a different standard to Muslims, he wrote.
Shipp did not take into account the sentiments expressed in emails from township officials that were revealed in documents filed in the case, Mangi noted. In those, officials disparaged the Islamic Society's president, former mayor Mohammed Ali Chaudry, and passed around jokes calling President Barack Obama a Muslim.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Parka specialist Canada Goose will start retailing its first knitwear collection today — a new category for the 60-year-old Toronto-based firm.
The 15 styles include women's and men's mid- and heavyweight knits, made from merino wool, along with knitwear that combines merino wool with down.
Speaking with reporters in the White House Oval Office on Tuesday, US President Donald Trump took a moment to brush off a speck lying on French President Emmanuel Macron's jacket, remarking that he needed to look "perfect."
Prior to the presidential swipe, Trump told journalists that the close relationship between the two leaders was in fact "special" and that it wasn't just "fake news."
— Dave Brown (@dave_brown24) April 24, 2018
​"They're all saying what a great relationship we have and they're actually correct. It's not fake news," Trump said. "Finally, it's not fake news."
"It's a great honor, a great honor that you're here, but we do have a special relationship, in fact, I'll get that little piece of dandruff… that little piece. We have to make him perfect — he is perfect," Trump continued as Macron smiled and laughed off the incident.
"So it's really great to be with you and you are a special friend. Thank you."
Moments after the flicking incident, Twitter went into overdrive with reactions.
— David Mack (@davidmackau) April 24, 2018
— Debbie Zoback (@DebbieZoback) April 24, 2018
— Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) April 24, 2018
​Macron is in the US capital of Washington, DC, this week to attend an official state dinner at the White House and to discuss global policy, including the Iran nuclear deal that Trump has continuously criticized and threatened to walk away from. This will be the first state dinner that Trump has hosted.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
6:35 Hurst, Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person, but he reminds us of a used car salesman whenever he's selling his upcoming budget.
One who doesn't want you looking under the hood too closely while he's making his sales pitch.
On Thursday, Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that his fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that, "Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province."
Um, that's been true for Ontario governments going back decades.
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province, it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services.
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government, for example, made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday.
When the Liberals are in power, they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province.
When they're out of power, they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services. (In fairness, all parties do it.)
What Sousa didn't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario's debt to more than $300 billion since coming to power in 2003, which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign (non-national) borrower in the world.
He didn't say the auditor general and Ontario's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt.
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they're the same people -- is "fairer because it doesn't ask today's generation alone to pay the entire freight."
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you don't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today's services -- on its head.
Finally, Sousa repeated, for the umpteenth time, that this year's budget will be balanced, later adding along with "next year and the year after that."
Two problems. First, Sousa's promising to balance a budget that won't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018.
Second, in 2003, then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes.
And we all remember what happened after he won.
SYDNEY, March 31 Floodwaters filled the streets of a major Australian town of more than 25,000 people on Friday, as a storm system generated by the powerful cyclone that pummelled the nation's northeast three days ago swept down the coast with heavy rain.
Cyclone Debbie hit as a Category Four storm in the north of tropical Queensland state on Tuesday, smashing tourist resorts, bringing down power lines, flattening canefields and shutting down coal mines.
Authorities on Friday told almost 20,000 people to evacuate to higher ground as driving rain in hinterland and coastal areas either side of the Queensland state capital, Brisbane, swelled rivers to record heights across the region.
"We have everything happening, we've got people on rooftops, we've had people stuck in vans, it's a disaster, an utter disaster," New South Wales State Emergency Services Controller Ian Leckie told Australian Broadcasting Corporation radio.
The cyclone was downgraded to a tropical low depression on Wednesday and on Thursday it unleashed squalls with torrential rain across a 1,200-km (745-mile) stretch of Australia's east coast, before slowly moving out to sea on Friday.
No deaths were reported, but authorities feared fatalities after logging more than 100 flood rescues during the night. Gales and huge surf swells lashed the coast still around Cape Byron.
At Lismore, the rising Wilsons River overwhelmed a levee protecting the rural hub in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, home to at least 25,000 people, and floodwaters flowed downtown, filling streets and swamping dozens of shops.
"The CBD is being flooded and because it's now very dark and it's also windy, there are a lot of people who're scared as well," former Lismore mayor Jenny Dowell told the ABC.
Tens of thousands of people in the affected areas are without electricity.
In the cyclone-hit zone further north, military helicopters, ferries and planes on Thursday evacuated hundreds of holidaymakers from the resort islands along the world-famous Great Barrier Reef and the Whitsunday coast that bore the brunt of the storm with wind gusts stronger than 260 kph (160 mph).
In the Bowen Basin, the world's single largest source of coal used to make steel, major miners Glencore and BHP , said they were still assessing the extent of any disruption to shipments.
About 2,500 insurance claims have been filed but Queensland's top two insurers, Suncorp Group Ltd and RACQ, said it was too early to put a dollar figure on the damage.
One female tourist was killed in a car crash on Monday that police said was due to wild weather as Cyclone Debbie approached. (Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Sandra Maler)
(Photo Courtesy: CBS12)
The New York Mayor, Bill Di Blasio is calling an explosion this morning near Times Square an “attempted terror attack.”
A suspected suicide bomber armed with a possible pipe bomb exploded in the passageway below ground injuring four people including himself, according to the New York Post. The bomber, a 27-year old man is in custody at the hospital after the bomb partially exploded on a subway platform. The bomb may have gone off prematurely.
The explosion at the Port Authority bus terminal on 42nd Street near Times Square, according to law enforcement sources.
MORE
When you eat salty food, you get thirsty and drink water. Right? Maybe in the short-term, but within 24 hours, you actually get less thirsty because your body starts to conserve and produce more water.
This counterintuitive discovery by scientists at Vanderbilt University and in Germany has upended more than 100 years of conventional scientific wisdom and may provide new insights into the Western epidemics of obesity, diabetes and heart disease.
Their findings, published as a set of two papers in this week's Journal of Clinical Investigation, shed new light on the body's response to high salt intake and could provide an entirely new approach to these three major killer diseases.
According to the textbooks, the excretion of dietary salt will inevitably lead to water loss into the urine and thereby reduce body water content. That's not what the researchers found. On the contrary, they showed that the biological principle of salt excretion is actually water conservation and water production.
It takes a lot of energy to conserve water in the face of salt excretion. To do it, the body either must take in more fuel or break down muscle mass. "This predisposes to overeating," said the reports' senior author, Jens Titze, M.D., associate professor of Medicine and of Molecular Physiology and Biophysics.
Between 2009 and 2011, Titze and his colleagues conducted long-term sodium balance studies in Russian cosmonauts who were participating in a human space flight simulation program at a research facility in Moscow in preparation for a potential manned spaceflight to Moscow.
Unexpectedly, when dietary salt was increased from six to 12 grams a day, the men drank less water, not more. That suggested they conserved or produced more water.
In a subsequent study in mice, the researchers showed that high salt induces a catabolic state driven by glucocorticoids that breaks down muscle protein, which is converted into urea by the liver. Urea enables the kidneys to reabsorb water and prevent body water loss while the salt is excreted.
Muscle wasting is a high price to pay for avoiding dehydration. The alternative is bringing in more fuel - eating more. That may be why the men in the study complained they were hungry.
Water conservation in response to a high-salt diet may have pathological consequences. Increased levels of glucocorticoids are an independent risk factor for diabetes, obesity, osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease.
"We have always focused on the role of salt in arterial hypertension. Our findings suggest that there is much more to know -- a high salt intake may predispose to metabolic syndrome," Titze said.
###
Support for the studies came largely from the German Federal Ministry for Economics and Technology, the Interdisciplinary Center for Clinical Research Junior Research Group in Erlangen, Germany, and from the American Heart Association and National Institutes of Health.
Vince McMahon is going to try to bring back the XFL in 2020 but hasn't selected cities yet. Here are five places in South Dakota that he could bring a team to.
In a press conference on Thursday (January 25), WWE CEO/Chairman Vince McMahon announced that he intends to bring back the XFL in 2020. The XFL previously lasted one season in 2000-2001 and has been recognized as a colossal failure.
ESPN put together a 30 for 30 on the XFL from its announcement to the demise. Some of the ideas were innovative and have led to standard broadcast items that we see today. A lot of it though was partly ahead of its time, but now most of it would be considered past its time.
That's why McMahon's new vision of the XFL will feature a more modern approach. In his press conference, McMahon says that the XFL will not be affiliated with the WWE in any way, and it's focus will be on football.
Some of his ideas included getting great character football players into the league (those without any form of a criminal record), games that last two hours, and be ahead of the game in regards to player safety.
Anyways, that sounds like a great system that us here in South Dakota could get behind. So I've found five places in the state that could host an XFL franchise.
1) Howard Wood Field - Sioux Falls, SD
Obviously the biggest city in South Dakota would have to have a shot at an XFL team. Being that the high school football and soccer seasons would be over, Howard Wood Field would be wide open for an XFL team outside of when track season hits. It has the great turf for player safety and the brand-new field houses. Plus, maybe we can convince the Sioux Falls Storm to become an outdoor team and become an XFL franchise.
While it might be great, it would be difficult to convince people to go freeze outdoors in January/February at Howard Wood Field.
2) DakotaDome - Vermillion, SD
Okay, so if the cold weather for Sioux Falls is too much then moving indoors to the DakotaDome could be a friendly environment. Sure, the facility needs some work and the Board of Regents recently approved USD to renovate the dome. But maybe Vince himself could throw some extra money into it. I mean, it seems that he likes throwing money around.
Another bright side is that the DakotaDome might cater to the initial attendance demands of the XFL.
3) Johnson Memorial Field - Selby, SD
I know it seems like a huge stretch, but there is a lot of opportunity in the former part-time home of the Dakota/Nebraska Lawdawgs. When the Lawdawgs were unable to host home games at O'Gorman, they moved some of their regular season contests to Selby in the early 2010's.
Selby is a small town holding just 642 people, but they are passionate about their football. Located west of Aberdeen and east of Mobridge on Highway 12, Selby would provide the unique South Dakota environment to a national landscape.
4) Winner High School - Winner, SD
Tradition. Pride. Championships. Everything that is football is located in the town of roughly 3,000 people. You won't find a more passionate fanbase for football than in Winner...to a point where if I didn't say what is true I would receive quite a few emails.
Winner would provide a central location that is on the south side of the state. Heck, temperatures would even be a little better. If the XFL wants a rabid fanbase that will be the most passionate in the league, McMahon better look to the town of Winner.
5) Wall Stadium - Wall, SD
The Wall Eagles have a fantastic stadium. McMahon, along with the help of South Dakota tourism, could potentially upscale the field in Wall even more and make it a gigantic stadium! All signs in South Dakota lead to Wall (Drug), so for any visiting fan would have no issue locating the town.
It would give a perfect environment for visiting teams to make a quick visit to Mt. Rushmore or even to Pierre! But most importantly, the sidelines would be filled with five cent coffee during the months of January/February.
Welcome back XFL. Just know you'd have a home here in South Dakota.
See Also:
A thinning of small areas of floating ice at Antarctica's coast can accelerate the movement of ice grounded on rocks hundreds of kilometers away, a new study shows. It is known that the ice shelves surrounding the continent regulate the ice flow from the land into the ocean. So far it was assumed that the ice flow is most vulnerable to melting at the base near the grounding line where the ice flows from land into the sea and becomes afloat. Now scientists found that also melting near the fringes and in the midst of the ice shelves can have direct effects reaching very far inland. This could increase ice loss and hence sea-level rise.
"Destabilizing the floating ice in some areas sends a signal as far as 900 kilometers across the largest ice shelf in Antarctica, which is in itself larger than Germany," says lead-author Ronja Reese from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK). "It does so with an amazing speed, similar to the speed with which shocks from an earthquake travel." Observations show that the floating ice surrounding Antarctica - called ice shelves - is thinning, hence the interest in calculating the consequences for the huge ice masses on land. The scientists ran computer simulations of the ice flows to investigate this possible impact of global warming, caused by greenhouse gases from burning coal and oil.
Risk for ice stability comes from the depth of the surrounding sea
"While the air above most of Antarctica is constantly below the freezing point, the main risk for ice stability comes from the depths of the surrounding sea," explains co-author Ricarda Winkelmann from PIK, Reese's advisor. "Warmer water offshore that accesses cavities beneath the ice shelves can thin the floating ice. Because this ice is already in the water, melting does not add to sea-level rise. "However, the ice shelves are of huge importance because they buttress the ice flow from the grounded ice into the ocean. Changes in the ice shelves can have a huge impact on the stress balance at the grounding line of the continental ice masses. This process is actually the main reason for the currently observed sea-level contribution of Antarctica."
"This is the first time the impact of thinning of ice shelves around Antarctica is quantified in a systematic manner," says co-author Hilmar Gudmundsson from the British Antarctic Survey in Cambridge, UK. "We had thought that the impact might be significant, now we know that it is."
Mapping out critical regions
The scientists were able to identify the areas of floating ice that can trigger the strongest response. They found that those regions of floating ice that turn out to be key for inland ice flow acceleration are located not only near the grounding lines of ice streams and ice rises, but also well at the fringes of some ice shelves - often at those parts that are closest to Antarctica's surrounding waters which are warmer and hence more at risk. In the southernmost seas of Earth, some of the lower layers of the ocean can be warmer than the upper layers that are closer to the cold air above them.
"While our approach is purely diagnostic and cannot be directly translated into a forecast of ice-mass loss, it shows the risks we run in Antarctica if we do not limit heating up our planet," says co-author Anders Levermann from PIK and Columbia University's LDEO, New York. "We mapped the most critical regions of the floating ice which can induce a strong response of the grounded ice to even slight changes in ice thickness. This calls for more targeted monitoring of changes in ice thickness or in ocean temperature below these areas. And it can serve as a warning to all of us that what has been called eternal ice might not be so eternal after all. Yet on the other hand, this also means that limiting global warming is necessary to stabilize the Antarctic ice masses, avoid many meters of additional sea-level rise and hence protect cities like New York, Hamburg, Mumbai, and Shanghai."
###
Article: Ronja Reese, Hilmar Gudmundsson, Anders Levermann, Ricarda Winkelmann (2017): The far reach of ice-shelf thinning in Antarctica. Nature Climate Change [DOI: 10.1038/s41558-017-0020-x]
Weblink to the article once it is published: http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1038/ s41558-017-0020-x
For further information please contact:
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Carson Wentz threw for 291 yards and four touchdowns before leaving with a knee injury and Jake Elliott kicked the go-ahead 33-yard field goal with 3:45 left for the Philadelphia Eagles, who beat the Los Angeles Rams 43-35 in a thriller Sunday to clinch the NFC East title.
Two sources familiar with the injury tell The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz has torn his left anterior cruciate ligament and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Wentz needs an MRI to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information.
Wentz was hit hard as he dived into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding. He stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery four plays later to give the Eagles a 31-28 lead.
Nick Foles replaced Wentz on the next drive for Philadelphia (11-2).
The NFC West-leading Rams (9-4) then went up 35-31 on Todd Gurley's second short TD run.
Elliott kicked a 41-yard field goal to pull the Eagles to 35-34. His go-ahead field goal was set up when Chris Long, a second-round draft pick of the then-St. Louis Rams in 2008, had a strip-sack of Jared Goff, with Rodney McLeod recovering.
Elliott kicked a 54-yarder, but the Eagles got an automatic first down on a personal foul on Aaron Donald. Elliott kicked the winner four plays later.
The game ended on a crazy play, when Philadelphia's Brandon Graham grabbed a lateral by Tavon Austin out of the air on the game's last play and scored what was ruled a 16-yard fumble return.
The Eagles clinched their first division title since 2013.
WENTZ AND GOFF
This was the eighth time in the Super Bowl era that quarterbacks taken No. 1 and No. 2 overall in the same draft squared off. Goff was the first pick overall in 2016, followed by Wentz.
Goff threw for 199 yards and two touchdowns.
Wentz bounced back from throwing an interception on the game's third play to throw touchdown passes on the Eagles' next three possessions for a 21-7 lead. He threw a 5-yarder to tight end Brent Celek and a beautifully threaded 20-yarder to Trey Burton in the first quarter, and then another nicely thrown scoring pass to Burton in the second quarter, this one for 11 yards.
HISTORY
This game marked just the eighth time in the Super Bowl era that quarterbacks taken No. 1 and No. 2 overall in the same draft squared off. Goff was the first pick overall in 2016, followed by Wentz. The No. 1 pick is now 5-3 in such matchups.
MOMENTUM SWING
The Rams scored twice in a span of less than two minutes early in the third quarter to take a 28-24 lead. The big momentum swing came when Blake Countess returned a blocked punt 16 yards for a touchdown. The punt was blocked by Michael Thomas, and the ball bounced right to Countess in stride.
Earlier, Goff capped the opening drive of the second half with a 1-yard touchdown pass to Sammy Watkins.
INJURIES
Eagles: Aside from Wentz, starting tight end Zach Ertz missed the game with a concussion.
Rams: CB Kayvon Webster, who intercepted Wentz on the game's third play, was taken off the field on a cart with an ankle injury late in the first quarter and didn't return. Tackle Andrew Whitworth also suffered an ankle injury.
UP NEXT
Eagles: At New York Giants on Sunday.
Rams: At Seattle on Sunday.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Set your child's imagination free as they visit Ninjago and a galaxy far, far away.
A new LEGO club has been launched at Gloucester Guildhall with the first two sessions happening this February.
In the sessions, children will be able to build their own models and make friends with other LEGO fans.
The first session is taking place on Thursday, February 15 and is based on LEGO Star Wars, giving your little Luke Skywalker or Princess Leia the chance build droids and spaceships.
Whilst tickets are already sold out for this session, you can email aly.brick2learn.com or call on 01452 503050 to register your interest for future classes or be added to the waiting list.
There are currently tickets available for the Ninjago session on Friday, February 16 from 11.45am to 12.45pm.
(Image: LEGO)
Recreate epic scenes, or create your own original adventure, with Lloyd, Zane, Cole, Jay and Kai.
The LEGO Ninjago set accompanies the 2017 film of the same name, which follows a team of colour-coded ninjas fighting against the evil Lord Garmado in the city of Ninjago.
Lego Ninjago is the third in the Lego movie franchise after The Lego Movie (2014) and The Lego Batman Movie (2017).
The LEGO club is recommended for children aged six to 12 years and session leader Aly Thomsen is fully insured and CRB/DBS-checked so you can leave your child with confidence.
Tickets cost £10 and sessions take place in the Bluecoat Room.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
April 17 (UPI) — Video game publisher Electronic Arts and Lucasfilm have released the first trailer for Star Wars Battlefront II featuring new and familiar faces.
The clip, released during Star Wars Celebration in Orlando, details the game's new single player mode which follows Imperial commander Iden Versio, who commands elite group Inferno Squad, as she seeks revenge following the events of Return of the Jedi.
The story will take place over the 30-year-period between the ending of Return of the Jedi and The Force Awakens with players also assuming control of characters such as Luke Skywalker and Kylo Ren, notes IGN.
In the second half of the trailer, Battlefront II's multiplayer mode that spans all three eras of Star Wars films, comes into focus as well as new playable heroes and villains such as Rey, Darth Maul and Yoda.
Multiplayer modes will support up to 40 players battling across maps based on planets Yavin 4, Mos Eisley and Starkiller Base among many more.
Star Wars Battlefront II launches Nov. 17 for Playstation 4, Xbox One and PC.
Q: I have an employee who has been off ill for more than three and a half years. Unfortunately, there appears to be no prospect of him returning to work in the foreseeable future. Do I have to keep holding his position open for him? If I terminate the relationship, do I owe him anything?
A: The question brings into play both the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Employment Standards Act.
Pursuant to the Code, you have an obligation to hold your employee's position open to the point of undue hardship. After three and a half years, if recent medical information confirms that there is no prospect of a return to work in the foreseeable future, it is not likely that you would get in trouble with the Ontario Human Rights Tribunal. Employers found to have an obligation to hold the position that long has typically been very large ones that could have easily accommodated a return to work.
Under the act, you will be required to provide termination pay of one week per year to a limit of eight weeks based on their most recent wages and vacation pay on that amount. If they have been with you more than five years (including the sick time) and your payroll exceeds $2.5 million, you would also owe them severance pay of one week per year to a limit of 26 weeks.
Quite frankly, if you don't have a benefits plan for them which is costing you ongoing money, sending that termination letter could be an expensive and fruitless exercise. After three and a half years, it is unlikely they are ever coming back. Paying termination and severance just to avoid the possibility of them showing up looking for their job might not be worth it.
If you have a benefits plan and you cover all or part of the premium costs, there are different considerations. In order to not pay for benefits coverage indefinitely, it may be worth it to you to trigger the termination and severance payments.
Increasingly, employers are developing policies which indicate that an employee who is off for more than 12, 18 or 24 months on a leave of absence will have their benefits discontinued. Maternity and paternity time off do not count. If this policy is already in place and you discontinue benefits, it will not constitute discrimination under the Ontario Human Rights Code, nor will it allow the employee to take the position that you have terminated them by discontinuing their benefits coverage. You are simply following the established policy.
Since there is no law requiring you to provide benefits coverage, if you want to develop a policy discontinuing it after a certain amount of time, you can.
If the employee would regularly contribute to the costs of the benefits, you can require them to continue those payments while they are off ill. You could also develop a policy indicating that after a certain amount of time, instead of paying half of the cost of the benefits, the employee has to pay 100 per cent for them to continue.
There was one case a couple of years ago where a judge decided that an employee who went off ill and passed away a couple of months later was entitled to termination pay as a result of frustration of contract. The judge found that sometime between the point that he went off ill and passed, the contract had become frustrated as a result of his illness and impossible to perform. The judge decided this even though the employer had done absolutely nothing but wait for the employee to return to work, hoping that he would recover. No benefits were terminated. No letter was sent ending the relationship.
PREMIER League leaders Manchester City paid the price for missed chances as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Burnley on Saturday with Johann Berg Gudmundsson's 82nd minute equaliser earning the hosts a share of the points. City had dominated possession throughout most of the game, which they strolled through for large spells, but after taking the lead with a beautiful strike from Brazilian Danilo in the 22nd minute, they failed to press home their advantage.
Raheem Sterling produced one of the misses of the season – somehow putting the ball wide just one metre out from the empty goal and Burnley made the most of that let-off.
City extended their lead to 16 points over second-placed rivals Manchester United, who were hosting Huddesfield Town later on Saturday. City now have 69 points from 26 games.
City manager Pep Guardiola, without the injured David Silva, Leroy Sané and Gabriel Jesus, named only six substitutes including club record signing Aymeric Laporte, signed for a club record £57m last week.
In an attacking line-up, Burnley boss Sean Dyche gave winger Aaron Lennon his first start since joining from Everton.
City went ahead when a short corner was worked to Danilo and, enjoying plenty of space, the Brazilian unleashed an unstoppable drive from outside the area.
The Clarets were struggling to create openings but when Jack Cork looped the ball into the area, it fell to defender Ben Mee whose volley forced a good save from Ederson.
Former City youth team player Mee had another half-chance minutes later but his header from a corner flashed just wide.
City showcased their quality in the 39th minute with a flowing move from the back, ending with a powerful drive from Kevin De Bruyne which keeper Nick Pope did well to keep out.
After the break, there was almost a repeat of the opening goal when City again found Danilo from a corner but this time the full back's shot was tipped over by Pope.
Somehow Burnley were still in the game and they came close to levelling when a fine Lennon strike was pushed against the woodwork by Ederson.
That brought the game to life and City pushed forward with increased urgency and should have doubled their lead when Kyle Walker played the ball across the face of goal and somehow Sterling put it wide from point-blank range.
City were made to pay when Burnley substitute Matt Lowton floated in a cross from the right and Gudmundsson met it on the half-volley to fire home and give the hosts one of the more memorable results of a season that has defied expectations.
SOUTHAMPTON, England (AP) — Olivier Giroud made the difference off the bench again for Arsenal, scoring an 88th-minute equalizer in a 1-1 draw at Southampton in the Premier League on Sunday.
It was Giroud's 17th goal as a substitute in the Premier League, matching the record he now jointly holds with former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
“I consider Olivier Giroud as a regular player,” Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said of the striker, who has lost his starting place to summer signing Alexandre Lacazette. “We have to be grateful that he is part of a great team and one who can come on and make a difference with the right attitude and ability.”
The France international, on as a 72nd-minute replacement, glanced home Alexis Sanchez's left-wing cross as Arsenal's late pressure told at St. Mary's Stadium.
Giroud has scored 10 goals in the 80th minute or later in 2017 for Arsenal.
“It's a remarkable achievement what he has done again today,” Wenger said.
Charlie Austin gave Southampton the lead in the third minute for the striker's fourth goal in his last three starts.
Arsenal returned to sixth place, above Burnley on goal difference, but has picked up only one point from its last two games as it struggles to keep in touch with first-place Manchester City.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CAMBRIDGE, MA -- MIT researchers have developed a way to make extremely high-resolution images of tissue samples, at a fraction of the cost of other techniques that offer similar resolution.
The new technique relies on expanding tissue before imaging it with a conventional light microscope. Two years ago, the MIT team showed that it was possible to expand tissue volumes 100-fold, resulting in an image resolution of about 60 nanometers. Now, the researchers have shown that expanding the tissue a second time before imaging can boost the resolution to about 25 nanometers.
This level of resolution allows scientists to see, for example, the proteins that cluster together in complex patterns at brain synapses, helping neurons to communicate with each other. It could also help researchers to map neural circuits, says Ed Boyden, an associate professor of biological engineering and brain and cognitive sciences at MIT.
"We want to be able to trace the wiring of complete brain circuits," says Boyden, the study's senior author. "If you could reconstruct a complete brain circuit, maybe you could make a computational model of how it generates complex phenomena like decisions and emotions. Since you can map out the biomolecules that generate electrical pulses within cells and that exchange chemicals between cells, you could potentially model the dynamics of the brain."
This approach could also be used to image other phenomena such as the interactions between cancer cells and immune cells, to detect pathogens without expensive equipment, and to map the cell types of the body.
Former MIT postdoc Jae-Byum Chang is the first author of the paper, which appears in the April 17 issue of Nature Methods.
Double expansion
To expand tissue samples, the researchers embed them in a dense, evenly generated gel made of polyacrylate, a very absorbent material that's also used in diapers. Before the gel is formed, the researchers label the cell proteins they want to image, using antibodies that bind to specific targets. These antibodies bear "barcodes" made of DNA, which in turn are attached to cross-linking molecules that bind to the polymers that make up the expandable gel. The researchers then break down the proteins that normally hold the tissue together, allowing the DNA barcodes to expand away from each other as the gel swells.
These enlarged samples can then be labeled with fluorescent probes that bind the DNA barcodes, and imaged with commercially available confocal microscopes, whose resolution is usually limited to hundreds of nanometers.
Using that approach, the researchers were previously able to achieve a resolution of about 60 nanometers. However, "individual biomolecules are much smaller than that, say 5 nanometers or even smaller," Boyden says. "The original versions of expansion microscopy were useful for many scientific questions but couldn't equal the performance of the highest-resolution imaging methods such as electron microscopy."
In their original expansion microscopy study, the researchers found that they could expand the tissue more than 100-fold in volume by reducing the number of cross-linking molecules that hold the polymer in an orderly pattern. However, this made the tissue unstable.
"If you reduce the cross-linker density, the polymers no longer retain their organization during the expansion process," says Boyden, who is a member of MIT's Media Lab and McGovern Institute for Brain Research. "You lose the information."
Instead, in their latest study, the researchers modified their technique so that after the first tissue expansion, they can create a new gel that swells the tissue a second time -- an approach they call "iterative expansion."
Mapping circuits
Using iterative expansion, the researchers were able to image tissues with a resolution of about 25 nanometers, which is similar to that achieved by high-resolution techniques such as stochastic optical reconstruction microscopy (STORM). However, expansion microscopy is much cheaper and simpler to perform because no specialized equipment or chemicals are required, Boyden says. The method is also much faster and thus compatible with large-scale, 3-D imaging.
The resolution of expansion microscopy does not yet match that of scanning electron microscopy (about 5 nanometers) or transmission electron microscopy (about 1 nanometer). However, electron microscopes are very expensive and not widely available, and with those microscopes, it is difficult for researchers to label specific proteins.
In the Nature Methods paper, the MIT team used iterative expansion to image synapses -- the connections between neurons that allow them to communicate with each other. In their original expansion microscopy study, the researchers were able to image scaffolding proteins, which help to organize the hundreds of other proteins found in synapses. With the new, enhanced resolution, the researchers were also able to see finer-scale structures, such as the location of neurotransmitter receptors located on the surfaces of the "postsynaptic" cells on the receiving side of the synapse.
"My hope is that we can, in the coming years, really start to map out the organization of these scaffolding and signaling proteins at the synapse," Boyden says.
Combining expansion microscopy with a new tool called temporal multiplexing should help to achieve that, he believes. Currently, only a limited number of colored probes can be used to image different molecules in a tissue sample. With temporal multiplexing, researchers can label one molecule with a fluorescent probe, take an image, and then wash the probe away. This can then be repeated many times, each time using the same colors to label different molecules.
"By combining iterative expansion with temporal multiplexing, we could in principle have essentially infinite-color, nanoscale-resolution imaging over large 3-D volumes," Boyden says. "Things are getting really exciting now that these different technologies may soon connect with each other."
The researchers also hope to achieve a third round of expansion, which they believe could, in principle, enable resolution of about 5 nanometers. However, right now the resolution is limited by the size of the antibodies used to label molecules in the cell. These antibodies are about 10 to 20 nanometers long, so to get resolution below that, researchers would need to create smaller tags or expand the proteins away from each other first and then deliver the antibodies after expansion.
###
This study was funded by the National Institutes of Health Director's Pioneer Award, the New York Stem Cell Foundation Robertson Award, the HHMI-Simons Faculty Scholars Award, and the Open Philanthropy Project.
Galleries
Collection
Israel-based design duo Galia Lahav and Sharon Sever went on a trip to the French Riviera with their “And God Created Woman” collection. Less overtly sexy than previous offerings, they referenced Impressionist and Expressionist art in their layers of floating tulle in a watercolor palette of yellow, pink, blue and a vivid grass green.
Floral prints were added by way of Sever's own drawings used on pale chiffon, motifs that were carried over as embroideries in other looks or blown up to create giant 3-D blooms, one covering the front of a mini tube dress.
Silk pants were paired with open, voluminous skirts in the same fabric that had a period feel and sheer embellished tops, while chiffon was draped, layered and pleated on gowns in a range of shades, as in a pretty navy off-the-shoulder number with a bandeau that enveloped the arms. In places the flounces felt a little tired, however.
Among the more fitted pieces, a green column dress with a Fifties feel was a standout. Also appealing were the neon-hued embroideries that popped, providing contrast and modernizing certain looks.
AP Photo/Lawrence Jackson
Carlos Santana says he was only trying to congratulate Adele on her big night at the Grammys when he said Beyonce “is very beautiful to look at” but “not a singer, singer.”
Santana told the Australian Associated Press that Adele can “sing, sing.” He said Adele “doesn't bring all the dancers and props, she can just stand there and she just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why she wins.”
Santana clarified his stance on Facebook Tuesday , writing that his “intent was to congratulate Adele” and that his comment about Beyonce “was regretfully taken out of context.” He adds that he has “the utmost respect” for Beyonce.
Adele beat out Beyonce for the top awards during Sunday's ceremony.
Comments
comments
(CNN) -- Rumor Has It V Kenlyn, a female German shepherd known as "Rumor" won the Best in Show award at the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show at Madison Square Garden in New York City Tuesday night.
"Unbelievable," said handler and co-owner Kent Boyles.
Rumor was the nation's No. 1 dog last year but fell short to California Journey.
But this year, Best in Show Judge Thomas H. Bradley from Watertown, New York, saw something special in her.
"The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility. Sometimes unrecognizable. When you recognize it, it hits you home, and that's what it really is. She is just magnificent."
Earlier Tuesday, Boyles said this would be Rumor's last major show. "She's going to be relaxing for a while, and we'll find an appropriate husband for her. There will be some puppies in the future," Boyles said after the win.
Rumor is named for Adele's hit song "Rumor Has It."
The German shepherd was one of seven dogs to advance to the Best in Show competition.
The 5-year-old won the herding group category -- becoming the second dog from that group to ever win. It was the 39th time that a female has won the top prize.
Sea Breeze, a male Irish setter known as "Adrian," won Reserve Best in Show, second place.
The seven Group winners from Westminster
Best Hound: Daggarwood Delight, a female Norwegian elkhound known as "Duffy"
Best Toy: Pequest Pickwick, a male pekingese known as "Chuckie"
Best Non-sporting: Danfour Avalon As If, a female miniature poodle known as "Aftin"
Best Herding: Rumor Has It V Kenlyn, a female German shepherd known as "Rumor"
Best Sporting: Sea Breeze, a male Irish setter known as "Adrian"
Best Working: Speak Of The Devil, a female boxer known as "Devlin"
Best Terrier: Twice As Nice, a male Norwich terrier known as "Tanner"
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
DETROIT (AP) - Two-time Olympic boxing champion Claressa Shields is looking to take over another division.
The 23-year-old super middleweight champion is scheduled to take on Hanna Gabriels for vacant middleweight title on June 22 at Masonic Temple in Detroit.
Shields, who is from Flint, Michigan, is training with John David Jackson for the first time. She has won all five of her fights, including two by knockouts.
The 35-year-old Gabriels, who is from Costa Rica, is a super welterweight champion. She is 18-1 with 11 knockouts.
Shields is the first American, male or female, to win a boxing gold medal since Andre Ward at the 2004 Athens Olympics. The only other U.S. boxer to win two Olympic gold medals is Oliver Kirk, who won titles at the 1904 Olympics in St. Louis.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MONROE COUNTY, Pa. -- A concrete patching and grinding project is underway on Interstates 80 and 380 in Monroe County.
Lane restrictions are in place in certain areas and that made for a longer-than-normal commute for some.
What many drivers consider the unofficial Pennsylvania flower is in full bloom in Monroe County: orange construction cones.
Multiple road projects are underway and cones are popping up all over.
On Interstate 80, traffic was backed up for quite a bit.
PennDOT officials say on this part of Interstate 80 east, crews are resurfacing the road and traffic is down to one lane just before the Bartonsville exit.
"It's going to cause a lot of delays for travelers, but pothole construction needs to be completed for the summer," Monica Smith said.
Road work is also being done on Interstate 380, and people who drive the interstate in Gouldsboro say while it's not as bad as Interstate 80, there are still some backups.
On Interstate 380 between the Daleville and Gouldsboro exits, a more long-term concrete patching and smoothing project is underway. Most of the work will occur on the northbound lane. This project is scheduled to go through November.
"We try to avoid it if we can, but it's very hard. There aren't too many roads that lead outwards instead of backroads, but those are bad too because of all the potholes," said Danielle Alexander.
"It definitely has to get done, and winter was crazy, but they should finish one section and go to another section and not have everything all over the place, you know," said Darlene Covel.
PennDOT officials say drivers should expect lane restrictions to be in place from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily on Interstate 380 until the project is complete.
Click here for PennDOT's interactive map of construction projects in District 4.
Click on a county to see a map of the PennDOT projects:
41.067378 -75.388097
POCONO MOUNTAINS, Pa. — Local photographer Seph Lawless is sharing what he calls a “heartbreaking” look at some of the resorts that made the Poconos the “Honeymoon Capital of the World.”
While the resorts became super popular starting back in the 1960s, Lawless told FOX 8 times have changed and “the honeymoon is over.”
He said many of the most popular resorts in the area are now empty and abandoned.
He's sharing photos of Penn Hills Resort, Buck Hill Inn, Summit Resort and Unity House.
**Click here for a YouTube video of the images**
See them below, along with descriptions from Lawless.
The Penn Hills Resort closed its doors in 2009, though it was already suffering for years before its demise…A walk inside is like walking into a time capsule back into the ‘70s, replete with shag carpeting and ceiling mirrors. Most rooms are equipped with heart-shaped beds, mattresses, and the aforementioned hot tubs. The pool is filled with murky, green water resembling something out of a horror movie.”
“The Buck Hill Inn could possibly be the most beautiful abandoned hotel I've ever seen. Built in 1929, at one time it boasted over 400 guest rooms of pure elegance. Buck Hill Falls is known for its natural beauty, each room with a great view of the Pocono mountains. The front entrance to the Buck Hill Inn is intimidating: an architectural marvel both hauntingly beautiful and inspiring.”
“The Summit Resort, a couples and honeymoon escape located in Tannersville, closed in 2002…The sprawling site has several abandoned small cabins throughout the area that were built along the river. Each room is equipped with ‘1970s design layouts, from vintage fireplaces and lamps to dated phones and textiles.”
“For a good part of the twentieth century, the Unity House provided relaxation, education, and entertainment to thousands of blue-collar Americans…It was forced to close its doors in 1998 from lack of patronage. As I walk around the sprawling site I encounter several decaying structures, which are all eerie remnants of the past. Today, the Unity House is a shell of its former self.”
Several of the photos will be included in Lawless' next book, “Autopsy of America: The Death of a Nation,” which will be released worldwide in April 2017.
Lawless has previously shared his photos of an abandoned “Land of Oz” park, the lasting damage of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans and a forgotten NASCAR track in North Carolina.
Using the largest supercomputers in the country, scientists have reached a milestone decade in the making. The team, which includes a researcher from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, has calculated the axial coupling of the neutron, an important process in nuclear physics that governs nuclear beta decay, or the process by which neutron decays to a proton, an electron, and a neutrino.
The team's calculation (which is g_A = 1.271 +- 0.013) has groundbreaking precision.
The methods used for this calculation could enable fields involving nuclear physics, like nuclear energy and nuclear weapon detection research, to become more quantitative. These areas of research currently rely on qualitative modeling that is built on unproven assumptions, but the new calculation shows that more accurate predictions may one day be possible.
Amy Nicholson, assistant professor in the department of physics and astronomy in the College of Arts and Sciences at UNC-Chapel Hill, is a lead author on the paper, which will appear in the journal Nature on May 30.
"This calculation represents a turning point for nuclear physics," Nicholson said. "The theoretical uncertainties around calculating the nucleon axial coupling have proven frustratingly difficult to control, but now that we have shown that these methods can be reliably applied, nuclear physics can enter a more quantitative era. The ability to accurately predict properties of atomic nuclei directly from theory may allow us to access information unavailable through direct experimentation."
Nicholson and colleagues calculated the axial coupling of the neutron, which indicates the strength of the interactions between protons and neutrons (the basic constituents of all atomic nuclei), as well as the lifetime of the neutron.
To accomplish this work, the team simulated a microscopic universe to provide a window into the subatomic world, using the Titan supercomputer at the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility at Oak Ridge National Laboratory as well as Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. The study involved scientists from more than a dozen institutions, including UNC-Chapel Hill, the University of California at Berkeley and U.S. Department of Energy national labs.
Many groups have been trying to calculate this quantity for years and have been unable to fully control the uncertainties. It was estimated that using next-generation computing resources might allow a calculation of the axial coupling at a precision of within 2 percent by 2020. Instead, using a new mathematical strategy and current computing power, the researchers successfully calculated it to within 1 percent uncertainty. The axial coupling calculations used about 184 million "Titan-hours" of computing power -- it would take a standard computer processor about 75,000 years to work through the same set of calculations.
Nicholson's research field, called "lattice QCD," began in the 1970s and has roughly a thousand practitioners worldwide. Lattice QCD stands for "lattice Quantum Chromodynamics." It has taken decades of simultaneous advancements in theories, techniques, algorithms and computer hardware to reach this point.
###
The paper can be viewed using http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1038/ s41586-018-0161-8 .
About the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the nation's first public university, is a global higher education leader known for innovative teaching, research and public service. A member of the prestigious Association of American Universities, Carolina regularly ranks as the best value for academic quality in U.S. public higher education. Now in its third century, the University offers 77 bachelor's, 111 master's, 65 doctorates and seven professional degree programs through 14 schools and the College of Arts and Sciences. Every day, faculty, staff and students shape their teaching, research and public service to meet North Carolina's most pressing needs in every region and all 100 counties. Carolina's more than 323,000 alumni live in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and 149 countries. More than 169,000 live in North Carolina.
Bob O'Donnell, Technalysis Research president and chief analyst, discusses the Facebook controversy that sparked the selloff of Facebook shares.
Bob O'Donnell, Technalysis Research president and chief analyst, discusses the Facebook controversy that sparked the selloff of Facebook shares.
Facebook Falls as Pressure Mounts on Zuckerberg Over Data Sharing The West Australian
Heavy losses on Wall Street and tumbling iron ore and industrial metal prices caught up with miners and the Australian sharemarket today as trade war fears returned.
Yesterday miners ignored commodity weakness, but today the S&P-ASX 200 indexes fell to a 0.6 per cent loss and closed down 23 points, or 0.39 per cent, at 5936.4 led by resource and real estate stocks as selling in the major banks abated.
Once again the market found some support ahead the technical support, with traders seeming to wager the market was in a new trading range with a floor around 5900.
The Tianjin spot iron ore benchmark price slumped 3.4 per cent to $US67.45, while the Qingdao was down one per cent at $US71.84 a tonne to remain well out of synch with Singapore futures trading at $US64.70 a tonne.
Last night the US S&P 500 index fell 1.4 per cent ahead of the US Federal Reserve monetary policy announcement on Thursday and the possible announcement of Us trade tariffs totalling about $US60 billion against China.
There was heavy selling of tech stocks, led by Facebook, on news of a potential data breach for political purposes.
Tech stocks were also hit be news the European Union might impose a 3 per cent tax on digital companies operating in the EU.
“Curiously traditional risk off markets barely responded to the sell-off,” CMC Markets chief strategist Michael McCarthy said. “Bonds were steady to lower, and the small lift in gold prices is attributable to a weaker US dollar. However in a sign all is not well, Wall Street's fear index jumped from below 16 per cent to above 19 per cent.”
The Australian dollar firmed US0.2¢ to US77.10¢ and government 10-year yields dropped 1.3 points to 2.691 per cent.
The Shanghai composite index was down 0.2 per cent at the close of the ASX.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON, Pa. -- Repairing a popular attraction in Scranton is going to cost quite a bit more than expected, but the mayor insists the Nay Aug Park treehouse will reopen.
Barriers have been up at the Wenzel Treehouse for almost a year now.
Last May, city engineers noticed that the trees supporting it were dying. It hasn't been fixed yet because of the price tag.
Fixing the Wentzel Treehouse at Nay Aug will cost about double what city officials expected, but a foundation to help city parks will likely pay for most of the repairs. @wnep pic.twitter.com/ZhQVD0dwfj — Stacy Lange (@stacylange) April 24, 2018
A sunny and warm walk in the park has been a long time coming for Jessica Wood and Ashley Hanicak of Dickson City.
"Oh, my gosh, yes," said Wood. "A long winter it's been."
It's been a long year for the Wenzel Treehouse at Nay Aug Park, off limits since last May.
"It's really nice to, like, go and look off of, even to hang out, until it closed down. I feel like a lot of people were affected by it," Wood added.
The outdoor attraction has led to a lot of calls to the mayor's office at Scranton City Hall.
"Believe it or not, I hear more so from people who do not live in the city of Scranton about it, than the people who live in the city of Scranton. Sometimes I think the people who live here take a little bit for granted," said Mayor Bill Courtright.
Scranton's city engineer noticed that the trees supporting the treehouse were dying and it would need artificial support to be deemed safe again.
But it needed more support than Scranton budgeted for.
The city discovered that the treehouse would need both horizontal and vertical support that more than doubled the cost of the project.
The price tag: $102,000.
The mayor says that's the reason for the delay, but city officials have found grant money that should cover the cost of the project. Some will come from the county, most will come from a foundation set up to support Scranton parks.
Parkgoers don't want another season without the treehouse.
"It actually gives you a really beautiful view when the leaves start coming in on trees. So, I mean, of course, it would be a tourist attraction," Ashley Hanicak said.
The mayor says he's confident that the city will be able to secure that grant money, but until that's official, he's hesitant to set a timeline for when the treehouse might reopen.
BEIJING China and the European Union need to show joint leadership on climate change and cannot expect the "same leadership" from the new administration in the United States, European climate commissioner Miguel Arias Canete said in Beijing on Thursday.
Canete, speaking to reporters after meeting Chinese officials, expressed regret that the United States was rolling back climate policies, but said China and Europe remained committed to "driving forward" the global battle against climate change.
"We are not going to backslide even if the United States at the moment...is backsliding from its previous commitments," he said.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday signed an order to undo Obama-era climate change regulations, keeping a campaign promise to support the coal industry and calling into question U.S. support for the international deal to fight global warming.
Obama's Clean Power Plan, aimed at slashing power plant emissions, was a key component of joint pledges made in 2014 by China and the United States, the world's two biggest producers of climate-warming greenhouse gas, and helped seal a new global pact signed in Paris at the end of 2015.
The Paris Agreement seeks to phase out net greenhouse gas emissions by the second half of the century and limit global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels.
Climate activists expressed concern the new U.S. position would jeopardise negotiations to implement the Paris agreement, which are set to be completed in 2018, and urged the European Union to step into the breach.
"There is a clear risk that the United States might go beyond the delicate balance that the countries agreed in Paris," said Li Shuo, senior climate adviser with environmental group Greenpeace.
"We might have some trouble, and if the European Union and China can reaffirm their commitment to conclude this process, that will send a strong political signal," he said.
Canete said Trump's order on Tuesday gave no indication of the United States' intentions when it comes to honouring the Paris deal, and to fulfill its commitments it needed to explain how it would meet targets.
"If they, at the moment, lose all the tools they have in order to achieve those targets, it's pretty clear they will not achieve those targets," he said.
Though the role of the United States in climate negotiations was likely to be completely different even if it remained part of the Paris agreement, it still had a "very important responsibility" on climate change, he added.
(Reporting by Elias Glenn; Additional reporting by David Stanway in SHANGHAI; Editing by Nick Macfie and Clarence Fernandez)
April 24 (UPI) -- The Utah Jazz made the Oklahoma City Thunder unravel mentally during a 113-96 victory.
Jazz forward Joe Ingles was often at the center of the scuffles during the Game 4 win Monday at Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Ingles and Paul George had a back-and-forth in the first quarter of the first round Western Conference playoff series. George was inbounding the ball on one play. Ingles walked up very close to defend and George shoved him away with his right hand, earning a technical from a referee who was standing right next to him.
The Jazz forward answered back at the end of the quarter, when he made a 3-pointer. He put his body awkwardly close to George in a taunting fashion, as George tried to push him away.
Jazz guard Ricky Rubio was tasked with getting into Russell Westbrook's head. The 2016-2017 NBA MVP was in foul trouble early as Rubio used Westbrook's out-of-control effort against him.
Westbrook picked up four first-half fouls -- all on Rubio -- as a result of his aggression. One of those plays happened in the first quarter, when Westbrook drained a shot and immediately got up on Rubio body-to-body. Rubio took a dive on the floor, drawing a foul on the Thunder star.
The frustration from both sides ultimately boiled over into the final quarter. Westbrook reached in on Jae Crowder as he was dribbling down the court, committing a hard foul. Crowder and Carmelo Anthony briefly got into it and had to be separated. Crowder hit Steven Adams with an elbow during the scuffle. He was given a technical and ejected from the game.
"That's just what you're going to get with a playoff team,'' George told reporters. ''It's playoff basketball. It's going to get chippy. It's going to get physical. We're in it for the fight."
The game featured seven technical fouls, in addition to Crowder's ejection.
"This is the playoffs," Rubio said. "It's going to be war. You are playing seven games and you have to win four. We know that it's going to be another war next game and we just have to be tough, but at the same time mentally ready for that. We are not backing down, but at the same time, we know that we have to be ready for the fight and respond."
Jazz rookie Donovan Mitchell scored a game-high 33 points in the win. George led the Thunder with 32 points. Russell Westbrook scored 23 points and had 14 rebounds, while Anthony netted 11 points.
Ingles scored 20 points and had four assists and three rebounds for the Jazz.
Steven Adams took an elbow to the face as things got heated between the Thunder and Jazz. 😬 pic.twitter.com/g2yxkHZ188 — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) April 24, 2018
"We gotta win," Anthony said. "I mean, there is nothing to it. We just got to win. We can sit here and try and say what we got to do, and what we didn't do and what we did do, but it comes down to having a will to win that game on Wednesday and forcing a Game 6 back here in Utah and taking it from there."
"Most importantly, Wednesday is a very important game. I think we all know that."
The Thunder and Jazz meet again for Game 5 at 9:30 p.m. Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City, Okla.
× Family Comes Home to Blood Splattered on Floors, Walls After Dog Attacks Intruder
RICHMOND, Va. — A Virginia family returned home to find their floors and walls splattered in blood after their German Shepherd apparently attacked an intruder, according to WRIC.
Tristan Murrin said he knew something was wrong when the dog greeted him at the front door.
“We noticed something when we walked in, when I walked in with my mother and there is blood spots on the ground, we looked upstairs and you see trails of blood coming from upstairs going all the way down,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin said Oden is not typically aggressive. However, he said he's thankful the dog stood his ground.
“I think the dog did its job. He knew that someone was not supposed to be in my house and no one was home and he knows that he wasn't supposed to be in there and he was doing something that he wasn't supposed to be doing and so he knew to act upon it,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin shared photos and videos on Facebook (Editor's note: The video contains graphic language. Viewer discretion advised. ) that show the aftermath of the attempted break-in. His Facebook post has been shared over 100,000 times. He wrote:
“Last night we had a break in, luckily no one was home. My best friend Oden who is a German shepherd, protected my home and belongings when I wasn't there, I couldn't be more proud of him. Such an amazing breed that's why everyone who doesn't have an actual dog should consider on adopting or buying a dog.”
Police said no arrests have been made. The investigation is ongoing.
(MENAFN - Muscat Daily) Muscat- Malabar Gold & Diamonds, the leading jewellery retailer across the globe, launched its 11th showroom in Saudi Arabia at Jeddah Street, Jubail and reopened its renovated and expanded showroom at Ladies Market, Gold Souq, Dammam.
The showroom at Jeddah Street, Jubail was inaugurated by Meshary M al Oqaily, chairman – Board of Businessman, Jubail Ashraqia Chamber in the presence of M P Ahammed, chairman, Malabar Group; Shamlal Ahamed – managing director – International Operations, Malabar Gold & Diamonds; Ameer CMC, director – Finance & Admin; Gafoor Edakkuni, regional director; Waseem M al Qahtani, other dignitaries, well-wishers and guests.
Renovated and expanded showroom at Ladies Market, Gold Souq, Dammam was inaugurated by M P Ahammed in the presence of Shamlal Ahamed, Ameer CMC, Gafoor Edakkuni, Waseem M al Qahtani, other dignitaries, well-wishers and guests.
The company will also open two more new showrooms in Saudi Arabia, at Lulu Hypermarket – Hail and Lulu Hypermarket – Al Hassa.
The outlet unveils a significantly large collection of traditional as well as contemporary designer jewelries. The exquisite range of collections in the new outlet can hold you spell-bound with their awe-inspiring beauty and classic designs. Like all their other outlets, this outlet also will exhibit a wide range of diverse and trendy designs in gold (18K & 22K), IGI certified diamonds and precious gem jewellery from Italy, Singapore, Bahrain and India.
The launch of two showrooms will be celebrated exhibiting the finest collection of gold and diamonds in addition to offering exciting promotions for their customers. Celebrating the launch, the outlet will offer special promotions on purchase of diamond jewellery. Customers who spend SAR5,000 on diamond jewellery will get a 2g gold coin free and customers who spend SAR3,000 on diamond jewellery will get a 1gram gold coin absolutely free. Customers can also avail zero deduction exchange offer on 22K old gold exchange. These offers are valid until February 18.
The branded jewellery segment of Malabar Gold & Diamonds is renowned globally for their flawless craftsmanship and impeccable style. The exclusive brands available at Malabar Gold & Diamonds includes Ethnix - Handcrafted Designer Jewellery, Era - Uncut Diamond jewellery, Mine - Diamonds Unlimited, Divine- Indian Heritage jewellery, Precia - Gem jewellery and Starlet - Kids jewellery.
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248632
Stoffel Vandoorne is hoping to capitalise on any drama the streets of Baku may offer in the 2018 Azerbaijan Grand Prix to add points to his 2018 account.
Last year's race in Baku saw drama throughout the field, from which Daniel Ricciardo scored a memorable victory. Vandoorne finished twelfth but on a track he enjoys, the Belgian will look to add to his tally of six points scored so far this year.
“Baku City Circuit is a pretty tough but also enjoyable track, and it's quite challenging for the drivers,” says Vandoorne. “You literally drive through the historic centre of the old town which was a really cool experience last year, and overtaking is tricky on the narrow streets.
“Saying that, we saw anything but a processional race last year and hopefully we can take advantage of any drama that this track throws at us next weekend. Last year was tough as the only real overtaking opportunity is at the end of the long straight, and it'll be tricky for us again, but we'll see what's possible with the MCL33.”
Vandoorne points to his race starts as a weakness he will need to get on top of in Baku if he is to maximise his potential.
“As well as making sure we set ourselves up on the right strategy, for me the start will be crucial on Sunday. I've not had the best starts over the last couple of races and with overtaking tough here we need to try to maximise our starting position.
“In China, we fought hard but I picked up some floor damage which made pushing ahead very difficult, so I'm looking forward to a tight battle in the midfield and progressing as much as we can in the race.”
By The Associated Press
MARAWI, Philippines (AP) — An Australian journalist says he is fine after being hit by a bullet in his neck while covering the Philippine military's assault against militants aligned with the Islamic State group in a southern city.
A tweeted video showed ABC journalist Adam Harvey wearing a neck brace and putting on his helmet after receiving treatment Thursday in Marawi. He told reporters he was fine and that he was to get an X-ray.
Harvey was hit at the provincial capitol building, where government officials hold briefings on the progress against the militants who've laid siege to Marawi since last month.
Also Thursday, a suspected militant bomber was arrested in Cagayan de Oro City, about 100 kilometers (62 miles) from Marawi.
Brig. Gen. Gilbert Gapay says Mohammad Noaim Maute was under investigation.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump named the chief of staff of the Department of Veterans Affairs to lead the agency on an acting basis on Wednesday while the president's nominee awaits Senate confirmation.
The White House said Trump had designated Peter O'Rourke to serve as acting VA secretary, effective Tuesday. Trump tapped acting VA Secretary Robert Wilkie to serve as permanent secretary earlier this month.
Wilkie has led the VA since Trump fired David Shulkin in March amid an ethics scandal. Trump then turned to Ronny Jackson, the Navy doctor who had been his personal physician, but Jackson withdrew following questions about his professionalism. Wilkie, a former Pentagon undersecretary, cannot run the agency on an acting basis while he awaits Senate confirmation.
The VA is the federal government's second-largest agency with 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans. Democrats have said they plan to question Wilkie on whether he plans to "privatize" or degrade the VA health system, an issue that Shulkin says led to his ouster.
O'Rourke, a veteran of the Navy and Air Force, previously served as the head of the VA's new accountability office, which is charged with helping enforce the new law making it easier to fire employees. His appointment by Trump bypassed the No. 2 official at VA, Tom Bowman, who has come under criticism at the White House for being too moderate to push Trump's agenda of fixing veterans' care.
Previously a member of Trump's transition team, O'Rourke is viewed by the White House as a trusted official amid political infighting at the department. He took over as the No. 3 official at VA in February after the former chief of staff stepped down over findings by the VA inspector general that she misled VA ethics officials to help secure a free 11-day trip to Europe for Shulkin's wife.
When O'Rourke took over the chief of staff position, the VA issued a statement that his presence will ensure VA leadership works closely with the White House going forward.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:36 Treasury Secretary Mnuchin announces Venezuela sanctions
0:51 Trump administration eases Russian sanctions to allow U.S. tech exports
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
Photo: Paul Abell / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
The-Dream has shared a new birthday gift in honor of his debut album, Love Hate.
Related: Ty Dolla $ign Drops ‘Love U Better' Featuring Lil Wayne & The-Dream
The song is “It's Yo Birthday,” released to celebrate the ten-year anniversary of his full-length debut, which dropped on Dec. 11, 2007.
“Love Hate Changed Everything!,” The-Dream shared on Instagram. “Like it or Not!”
Listen to the new track, “It's Yo Birthday,” which contains explicit lyrics, now at Radio.com.
That's according to his attorney, who says the antics come with the territory for the “performance artist,” the Austin American-Statesman reported.
The duo have three children, ages nine, 12, and 14. Kelly already receives $43,000 per month from her ex-husband. The jurors “are not going to believe the amount of money that has been spent on this case,” the judge reportedly said. “It is not within the realm of experience of their lives."
© Sputnik/ Maksim Blinov Boeing to Lay off Hundreds of Engineers
Kelly's lawyer says the mother has already spent $3.5 million on legal fees since she divorced. The mother, who "for all practical purposes" is "bankrupt," according to attorney Robert Hoffman, is $200,000 deep with the law firm after going through many different attorneys.
Orlinda Naranjo, the presiding judge in the case, "rejected the motion that Alex Jones should have to contribute more, noting that the average Travis County juror won't understand why Kelly Jones' monthly stipend is not enough to cover her legal bills," the news outlet added.
Kelly Jones says Alex Jones' Infowars rants are evidence of felony or that he is "unstable," but Naranjo insisted the case is not about his profession. "This case is not about Infowars," she said.
Alex Jones' attorney, Randall Wilhite, also denies that his client's words and actions can be a basis for evaluating Alex Jones' capacity as a father. Basing a character assessment on Jones' on-air shenanigans "would be like judging Jack Nicholson in a custody dispute," the report says, based on Nicholson's portrayal of the Joker in the 1989 film Batman.
Wilhite argues that the opportunistic and extreme persona is solely a “character” Alex Jones plays. “He's a performance artist,” the lawyer says.
© AP Photo/ Andrew Harnik 'Election is Over!' Trump Hints at Paid Nationwide Protests Over His Tax Returns
Less than two weeks ago, Jones began one such rant, "I have nothing against gay people, I love them, they're great folks but [California Congressman Adam] Schiff looks like the archetypal c***sucker with those little deer-in-the-headlight eyes … And there's something about this fairy, hopping around, bossing everybody around, trying to intimidate people like me and you … I want to tell Congressman Schiff, hey listen a**hole, what's your f***ing problem … he's sucking globalist d***."
Kelly Jones says it's mental instability, while Alex Jones has made a massive income off his inflammatory and provoking comments. Trump told Jones in an appearance on The Alex Jones Show in 2015, "your reputation is amazing."
Jones has touted "theories" that the government controls the weather as a weapon, that the government planned the 9/11 attacks, that school shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary was merely a hoax devised by paid actors and that the Orlando shooting was another "false flag" operation to let more Muslims into America so jihadists "can attack us and then have our freedoms taken."
Researchers at BYU are the first to 3D-print a viable microfluidic device small enough to be effective at a scale much less than 100 micrometers. Microfluidic devices are tiny chips that can sort out disease biomarkers, cells and other small structures in samples like blood by using microscopic channels incorporated into the devices.
The accomplishment, which is a major breakthrough toward mass-producing the medical diagnostic devices cheaply, is detailed online in academic journal Lab on a Chip. Researchers Greg Nordin, a BYU electrical engineering professor, and Adam Woolley, a BYU chemistry professor, say the key to their innovation was two-fold:
Building their own 3D printer to print at a much higher resolution
Using a new, specifically designed, low-cost, custom resin
"Others have 3D-printed fluidic channels, but they haven't been able to make them small enough for microfluidics," Nordin said. "So we decided to make our own 3D printer and research a resin that could do it."
Their work has produced labs on a chip with flow channel cross-sections as small as 18 micrometers by 20 micrometers. Previous efforts to 3D-print microfluidic devices have failed to achieve success smaller than 100 micrometers. The researchers' 3D printer uses a 385 nm LED, which dramatically increases the available selection of UV absorbers for resin formulation compared to 3D printers with 405 nm LEDs.
Nordin said the advantages of 3D printing for microfluidic device fabrication are already well-known and that their method, digital light processing stereolithography (DLP-SLA), is an especially promising lower-cost approach. DLP-SLA uses a micromirror array chip, like those in most consumer projectors, to dynamically create the optical pattern for each layer during layer-by-layer printing of a device.
Researchers say they are laying the foundation for 3D printing to challenge the dominance of conventional methods -- soft lithography and hot embossing -- of microfluidic prototyping and development.
"We're deliberately trying to start a revolution in how microfluidic devices are fabricated," Nordin said.
Woolley's research interests in microfluidics focus on using lab-on-a-chip devices to detect biomarkers related to preterm birth. To that end, he and Nordin just submitted a proposal to the National Institutes of Health to develop the approach in this paper for preterm birth prediction.
Woolley said the paper represents an improvement of a factor of 100 on the size of features that are now possible in 3D printed microfluidics. It also cuts down on time and hassle: the BYU-authored approach can create a device in 30 minutes' time and doesn't require the use of clean rooms -- a special lab environment free from dust and other contaminants.
"It's not just a little step; it's a huge leap from one size regime to a previously inaccessible size regime for 3D printing," Woolley said. "It opens up a lot of doors for making microfluidics more easily and inexpensively."
Hua Gong is the BYU Ph.D. student who spearheaded the experimental work that made possible the 3D printing advances. Bryce Bickham, a BYU undergraduate, also played a key role in the research. Bryce, who just finished his freshman year, took on the challenge of digging through a 20-volume set of books detailing the spectra of possible resin materials. Nordin said Bryce found the perfect material thanks to his weeks-long effort in the BYU library. Hua then used this material to make a successful 3D printer resin.
###
April 24 (UPI) -- Christina Aguilera rode with Late Late Show host James Corden in the latest edition of Carpool Karaoke.
Aguilera performed some of her biggest hits during the trip, including "Fighter," "Dirrty," "Genie in a Bottle" and "Beautiful."
The late-night host also asked Aguilera about her time on The Mickey Mouse Club, which starred other celebrities in their youth, including Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears and Ryan Gosling.
"Could you find yourself getting lost in Ryan Gosling's eyes?" Corden asked. "I think there were crushes but I wasn't on the train," Aguilera replied before saying Gosling had a crush on Spears at the time. "She must be regretting that," Corden joked.
As the pair performed "Dirrty," actress Melissa McCarthy appeared in the back seat of the car for a rendition of rapper Redman's verse on the track. McCarthy was on hand to promote her upcoming film, Life of the Party, which also stars Aguilera.
Aguilera then gave singing lessons to Corden and McCarthy before signing off with a performance of "Beautiful."
Aguilera was recently in the news for posting on social media makeup-free photos of herself getting a new piercing at Body Electric Tattoo in Los Angeles.
Pilates is a method of exercise that consists of low-impact flexibility, muscular strength, and endurance movements. Pilates emphasizes proper postural alignment, core strength, and muscle balance. Pilates also focuses on the mind-body connection. While doing the various Pilates exercises your mind needs to be constantly aware of your breathing, and the way your body moves.It is recommended to check with your health professional if you haven't exercised for a while, are older or pregnant, or have health problems such as unstable blood pressure, a herniated disk, severe osteoporosis, and a risk of blood clots.
Pilates West End – Benefits
By practising Pilates regularly, you can achieve a number of health benefits including, but not limited to:
* Improved core strength and stability
* Improved flexibility
* Improved posture and balance
* Prevention and treatment of back pain
5 Things to Know Before You Take Pilates Program:
The first time you take any new fitness class, you should things to know before taking any Pilates classes or programs.
* There are two different kinds of Pilates classes: mat classes, and reformer classes.
* You'll feel your muscles burn during class, and you'll probably be sore the next day.
* Wear form fitting clothes, and don't forget your socks!
* Every pilates studio has different lingo they use in class. Look to regulars for form help when you are not up with the terms.
* Pilates should be a part of a well-rounded fitness plan.
Tips to Find Best Pilates Membership Program in West End, Brisbane:
You can find lots of the best Pilates membership program in West End Brisbane, before going to choose you should follow some tips listed below but not limited to;
* Professional Association: The professional associate can be the best way to find the best pilates membership program in Brisbane. By joining the association, you will become part of a growing community of teachers that are committed to the development of the Pilates field.
* Schools: In Brisbane, you can easily find lots of school available which can provide you the best Pilates training & membership programs at very low cost.
* Pilates Studio: The Pilatesstudio is the training studio in which can offer the best Pilates training and simulated altitude training under one roof. Here you can find various Pilates membership programs and can choose as per your needs.
* Make a List of Pilates Membership Providers: You can make a list of all the Pilates membership providers (of the specialty you need) in your area. This list can be generated by an online search of Pilates service providers-finder databases.
* References: The best way to find the best Pilates membership program in Brisbane is by asking your friends, and co-workers. They can provide you good references, as well as rating on Pilates provides.
About Pondera Physio & Pilates West End: Our modern Physiotherapy, West End Remedial Massage, Rehabilitation gym and Pilates studio in West End, Brisbane and we are experts in helping you reduce pain, rehabilitate from injury, increase flexibility, improve strength and ultimately regain function at the level you need.
In Australia, not only do cyclists have to concern themselves with speeding cars, but also with springing roos.
Out enjoying some fresh air, a cyclist's Australia Day came to a crashing halt after a speeding kangaroo decided to use the biker's body as a speed bump. Thankfully the rider is okay, folks, but let this be a warning for the next time you're out and about.
Roo 1, Humans 0.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - A Democratic attorney general candidate says his Republican opponent, Ohio Auditor Dave Yost, should have immediately referred to authorities a whistleblower's allegations that Ohio's then-largest online charter school intentionally inflated attendance figures.
Steven Dettelbach, a former U.S. attorney, responded Tuesday to an Associated Press report that an ex-employee of the now-shuttered Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow shared his claims of misconduct with the Ohio Department of Education and Yost's office last year. The ECOT board's attorney says he was unaware of the man's claims.
Dettelbach told reporters Tuesday that critical evidence in a potential criminal case could have been lost during delays in referring the information.
A message was left with Yost's office seeking comment. His spokesman said Monday that the whistleblower's information was considered for an upcoming audit report.
By The Associated Press
ATLANTA (107)
Prince 7-12 2-2 17, Ilyasova 7-11 1-2 20, Plumlee 4-6 1-4 9, Schroder 9-14 3-3 21, Bazemore 2-5 5-6 9, Bembry 0-3 0-0 0, Babbitt 3-4 1-2 9, Cavanaugh 2-6 2-2 7, Taylor 1-5 0-0 2, Delaney 0-2 0-0 0, Belinelli 2-9 9-9 13. Totals 37-77 24-30 107.
NEW YORK (111)
Porzingis 10-23 9-10 30, Thomas 1-1 3-4 5, Kanter 4-9 0-0 8, Jack 7-11 5-7 19, Lee 2-6 0-0 4, Beasley 0-3 1-2 1, McDermott 9-13 3-3 23, O'Quinn 2-2 0-0 4, Ntilikina 2-7 3-4 8, Baker 2-5 4-4 9. Totals 39-80 28-34 111.
Atlanta 21 31 23 32—107 New York 24 27 25 35—111
3-Point Goals_Atlanta 9-31 (Ilyasova 5-6, Babbitt 2-3, Prince 1-3, Cavanaugh 1-4, Delaney 0-1, Bembry 0-2, Schroder 0-2, Taylor 0-2, Bazemore 0-2, Belinelli 0-6), New York 5-17 (McDermott 2-4, Ntilikina 1-2, Baker 1-3, Porzingis 1-5, Lee 0-1, Jack 0-2). Fouled Out_Beasley. Rebounds_Atlanta 35 (Prince 8), New York 33 (Porzingis 8). Assists_Atlanta 22 (Prince 5), New York 16 (O'Quinn, Baker, Jack 4). Total Fouls_Atlanta 28, New York 30. Technicals_Babbitt, Belinelli. A_19,189 (19,812).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — President Donald Trump has honored figures of the civil rights movement, some famous, some not, at a ceremony that exposed stark divisions among Americans about his commitment to that legacy. Trump…
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — President Donald Trump has honored figures of the civil rights movement, some famous, some not, at a ceremony that exposed stark divisions among Americans about his commitment to that legacy.
Trump on Saturday toured the new Mississippi Civil Rights Museum and the adjacent Museum of Mississippi, both in Jackson. Outside, demonstrators protested his presence, some holding signs that said “Make America Civil Again” and “Lock Him Up” and others shouting “No Trump, no hate, no KKK in the USA.” During the opening ceremony, about 25 people stood silently with Confederate battle flag stickers covering their mouths.
Trump spent about 30 minutes at the museums, gave a 10-minute speech to select guests inside and flew back to his Florida estate, skipping the dedication ceremony held outside on a chilly day. He spent more time getting to Jackson than he did on the ground.
In a deliberate voice and rarely diverting from his prepared words, the president sought to honor the famous and the anonymous for their efforts on behalf of freedom and equality. He did not acknowledge the anger his participation had sparked leading up to the dedication.
“The civil rights museum records the oppression, cruelty and injustice inflicted on the African-American community, the fight to bring down Jim Crow and end segregation, to gain the right to vote and to achieve the sacred birthright of equality,” he said. “And it's big stuff. That's big stuff.”
Trump has been accused of harboring racial animosity, and critics cite his blaming of “both sides” for deadly violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the summer. Trump has also relentlessly criticized NFL players for kneeling during the national anthem to protest racism and police brutality largely directed at African-American males.
Trump opened his presidential campaign by branding Mexicans as rapists and criminals, and while campaigning called for a “complete and total shutdown” of Muslims entering the U.S. after a deadly gun attack in San Bernardino, California.
The national president of the NAACP and the mayor of Mississippi's capital city said they kept their distance from Trump because of his “pompous disregard” for the values embodied by the civil rights movement.
Derrick Johnson, head of the nation's oldest civil rights organization, and Mayor Chokwe Lumumba said at a news conference Saturday that they looked forward to a “grander opening” of the museum that they can attend.
“We will never cede the stage to an individual who will fight against us,” Johnson said. “We will not allow the history of those who sacrificed to be tarnished for political expediency.”
Johnson and Lumumba spoke to about 100 supporters, including some who participated in the civil rights demonstrations of the 1960s, at Smith Robertson Museum and Cultural Center. Once the first public school built for African-Americans in Jackson, it's now a museum to black history and culture.
Lumumba called Trump to task for “his pompous disregard for all of those factors that will not enable us to stand with him today.”
The state's attorney general, Jim Hood, criticized Republican Gov. Phil Bryant for inviting Trump. “It threw cold water in the face of people who fought the battles for civil rights,” Hood said.
Bryant, who introduced Trump, spoke of “the emotion that comes over you in waves as you see the past, the struggle, the conflict. I'm so very proud today that the president of the United States was here to see and witness it.”
Trump told Bryant the museums would be a “great legacy” for him as governor.
In his remarks, Trump drew on the achievements of civil rights veterans.
“Today we strive to be worthy of their sacrifice,” he said. “We pray for inspiration from their example. We want our country to be a place where every child from every background can grow up free from fear, innocent of hatred and surrounded by love, opportunity and hope. Today we pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past and dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice and peace.”
He called the museums “labors of love — love for Mississippi, love for your nation, love for God-given dignity written into every human soul.”
Trump singled out Medgar Evers, the Mississippi NAACP leader who was shot to death outside his home in 1963. His widow, Myrlie, was in the audience for Trump's speech and drew a standing ovation when he acknowledged her.
Trump said Medgar Evers “knew it was long past time for his nation to fulfill its founding promise to treat every citizen as an equal child of God.” Evers, Trump said, now rests in Arlington National Cemetery “beside men and women of all races, backgrounds and walks of life who've served and sacrificed for our country. Their headstones do not mark the color of their skin but immortalize the courage of their deeds.”
Myrlie Evers did not mention Trump in her remarks a short time later at the outdoor public ceremony. “Regardless of race, creed or color, we are all Americans. … If Mississippi can rise to the occasion, then the rest of the country should be able to do the same thing,” she said.
Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., a leader of the civil rights movement, was among those who stayed away. He said Trump's presence at the museum opening was an insult.
The White House accused Lewis and others of injecting politics into a moment it said could be used to bring people together.
___
Associated Press writers Jeff Amy and Emily Wagster Pettus contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Skeena-Bulkley Valley MP Nathan Cullen questions Prime Minister Justin Trudeau decision to purchase the Kinder Morgan pipeline in the House of Commons on May 30. (CPAC photo)
The Trans Mountain pipeline may be located in the Lower Mainland, but Skeena-Bulkley Valley MP Nathan Cullen had some choice words for the Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today over the decision to purchase the project.
“Liberals do know it's not legal to smoke weed until August right because this makes no sense at all,” Cullen said to Trudeau in a heated debate in the House of Commons on Wednesday, May 30.
“Only Liberals would dump $4.5 billion on a 65-year-old pipeline and call that an energy strategy. Only Liberals would try to force through a pipeline and tankers through traditional First Nations territory and call that reconciliation,” Cullen said, adding, “Watch he's about to say the environment and economy go together.”
#QP 8/ @nathancullen PM will say that enviro & economy must go together. You know what else must go together? Making promise to Cdns & then actually keeping it.@CanadianPM NDP celebrated Rachel Notley's approach…plan included getting oil resources to new markets pic.twitter.com/5uRwQJSvHp — CPAC (@CPAC_TV) May 30, 2018
Cheers of support for Cullen, a member of the NDP, erupted from the House. In response, Trudeau reminded the House that the NDP had “celebrated” Alberta Premier Rachel Notley's plan to both protect the environment and grow the economy.
“Part of that plan included three elements, one, an absolute cap on oil sands emissions, two, a price on carbon that would apply to the Alberta economy, and three, getting our oil resources to new markets,” Trudeau said, emphasizing that Notley is also NDP.
Cullen questioned the uncertainty of the project. If it was such a great risk for a commercial entity to take on, why would it be fair for the Canadian public to pick up the risk, he asked Trudeau. The Prime Minister responded with a quote from Notley that the government met the deadline set by Kinder Morgan and “this project has more certainly than ever.”
“We have demonstrated that despite the actions of one province trying to block this pipeline, the project is in the national interest and the jobs that will be assured and defended in this project are in an integral part of our plan to fight climate change and grow the economy for future generations,” Trudeau said.
#QP 9/ @nathancullen If it's too risky for an oil pipeline co. to build an oil pipeline, why is it OK for Cdn public to assume all that risk…@CanadianPM …Despite one province trying to block pipeline, project is integral part of plan to fight climate change & grow economy pic.twitter.com/B8LfsMPLqX — CPAC (@CPAC_TV) May 30, 2018
Opponents to the Kinder Morgan project cite a 700 per cent increase in oil tanker traffic along the B.C. coast as one of the major red flags.
Cullen has been a fierce advocate for the oil tanker ban on the North Coast, tabling a private member's bill for a tanker ban in 2014. While he was pleased to see Bill C-48, the Oil Tanker Moratorium Act, pass through the House of Commons in early May, he said it took too long, and now they have to wait for the Senate to pass the bill.
READ MORE: Trans Mountain pipeline – The economics of oil
shannon.lough@thenorthernview.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- Students from West Scranton High School displayed their art on Friday to raise awareness about women and heart disease.
The students' artwork was on display at Geisinger CMC at their Go Red for Women Day in Scranton.
The event helped to raise money for the American Heart Association during American Heart Month.
Organizers say the event is held to raise awareness of heart disease in women to help save more lives.
Snuggle's Love for Customized Content Drives Engagement in Valentine's Day Campaign
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
In its recent campaign, the fabric softener brand invites consumers to create personalized videos and have mascot Snuggle Bear sings to their Valentines.
A lot of brands sing Valentine's Day's praises by sending themed emails or by offering special discounts. But fabric softener brand Snuggle took a more literal approach this year with its “Snuggle Serenades” customized-content campaign.
Flirting with a new idea
Michael Monteleone, senior brand manager of Snuggle, says the Henkel-owned brand has run Valentine's Day campaigns for the past four years. And while the association between the February holiday and fabric softener might not seem evident at first, Monteleone argues that the product's core benefit of helping loved ones cuddle up together make the two a match made in Heaven.
“Snuggle and Valentine's season go hand-in-hand,” he says.
However, Monteleone knows that standing out in a crowded marketplace—especially in his category—isn't getting easier. So, he and his agency team at Campbell Ewald started brainstorming ways they could produce a relevant and engaging campaign that would break through this clutter last Fall.
After seeing shows like Lip Sync Battle and Carpool Karaoke experience a lot of buzz, the companies decided to tap into this trend and create a digital asset that would not only attract consumers but encourage them to share. The result was “Snuggle Serenade”—a campaign in which consumers could create their own customized videos of the brand's mascot, Snuggle Bear, singing to their Valentines.
“Snuggle Bear has been around for more than 30 years,” Monteleone says. “So, it's important for us to find ways to stay relevant to consumers and stay accessible in an ever-growing digital environment.”
Putting customized content at the heart of the campaign
To make a video, consumers can visit SnuggleSerenades.com and choose from one of two songs they'd like Snuggle Bear to sing. After consumers choose a song, they can customize the video by adding their name, as well as the name of their Valentine. They can also select up to four photos to include in the video by logging into Facebook or by leveraging the camera roll on their smartphones. Consumers can then provide their phone number or email address to receive a confirmation code and then be notified when their video is ready.
After the Snuggle team reviews the video to ensure that all of the images are “kosher,” as Monteleone puts it, consumers receive a notification from Snuggle Bear letting them know that their video is ready and can be shared with the hashtag #SingItSnuggle. Consumers can then click on a link within the notification to be transferred back to SnuggleSerenades.com where they can watch their customized YouTube video. They're then once again encouraged to share the video via Facebook, Twitter, or email, and to create another video.
“At the highest level, we want to develop a campaign that allows consumers to create customizable videos and share them as much as possible,” Monteleone says.
According to Picnic New Media—an interactive design studio that worked with Campbell Ewald on the videos—several tools and services were required to ensure a high-quality product and experience. Automated post-production technology provider Cloneless Media, AI image and text filterer Community Swift, and cloud communication platform provider Twilio are just a few of the solutions leveraged.
The experience also needed to be mobile friendly. According to Monteleone, 85% of the experience's traffic comes from mobile devices.
Encouraging the brand love
In terms of promoting the campaign, Snuggle relied primarily on social media, including Facebook and Instagram. Monteleone says the brand targeted a broad audience for this campaign but notes that the brand did apply filters (e.g. people who like the movie Dirty Dancing or people who buy fabric conditioning products) to its segmentation.
“We tried to add these types of filters to our broader targets to see how these micro-targets would perform and activate against them,” he says.
Snuggle also called upon its brand advocate community, the Bear Den, to share the campaign via members' own social channels.
In addition to endorsing the campaign via social, Snuggle encouraged consumer participation by running a National FSI in early February, which drove consumers to the microsite and presented them with a 50-cents-off coupon for Snuggle products. It also leveraged PR, media outreach, Snuggle.com, and bloggers.
Delivering results any marketer would love
The campaign launched on National Hug Day (January 21) and runs until Valentine's Day (February 14)— what Monteleone refers to as “Valentine's Day season.” And while Monteleone says breaking through the clutter remained a challenge (Snuggle had to compete with social chatter around large events like the Super Bowl and the Grammys), the brand still saw high engagement.
According to Monteleone, more than 70,000 videos—both humorous and heartfelt—have been created to date. In addition, consumers have consumed more than 12,000 hours (or about 720,000 minutes) of video content.
Monteleone attributes the campaign's success to the brand's strong, customizable content.
“Anyone can create content that gets lost in the news feed—that's pretty easy,” he says. “How do you create content that gets a consumer to stop, engage with it, and then want to share it with friends? I think we delivered upon all of those key metrics.”
Photo Source: Snuggle
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The arsenal of the Las Vegas shooter also included tracer bullets that can improve firing accuracy in the dark, a a law enforcement official told The Associated Press on Friday.
It wasn't clear whether Stephen Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre last Sunday.
But his purchase of 1,000 rounds provided more evidence of how methodically he planned the attack that killed 58 people and injured nearly 500.
More about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history:
THE INVESTIGATION
Paddock bought the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show last month, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video images of the pandemonium when Paddock started strafing the country music festival showed a muzzle flash from his 32nd-floor room at the Mandalay Bay resort. But bullets were not visible in the night sky.
NRA PROPOSES REGULATIONS
The National Rifle Association is joining the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in a surprise endorsement of a narrow gun restriction in the wake of the Vegas concert shooting.
The NRA said devices called “bump stocks” that allow semi-automatic rifles to perform more like fully automatic weapons should be “subject to additional regulations.” The devices were found in Paddock's hotel room.
President Donald Trump said his administration is considering whether they should be banned. State lawmakers in Massachusetts and New York filed bills to ban the devices in those states
THE UNWITTING FIRST RESPONDERS
A group of firefighters driving back to their Vegas station after responding to a call for a minor car crash ended up being the first to respond to the shooting massacre.
Brian Emery recalled that gunfire rang out as hundreds of hysterical people swarmed the vehicle on the Las Vegas Strip.
It was pure coincidence that the Clark County Fire Department crew members on Engine 11 were the first on-duty emergency personnel to arrive at Sunday's shooting.
The surge of people forced Emery to stop driving, but he eventually inched the engine out and got it to a parking lot where the crew could start treating patients. The work continued until after sunrise.
58 WOODEN CROSSES
White crosses have been placed on the Las Vegas Strip for each victim of the concert shooting.
Retired carpenter Greg Zanis drove nearly 2,000 miles from the Chicago area to put up the 58 crosses Thursday afternoon.
The 66-year-old is known for installing the markers at the sites of other mass killings, including the Columbine and Sandy Hook school shootings and Orlando nightclub massacre.
He plans to keep the tribute up for 40 days before giving the crosses to the families of the victims.
"For as hard as he works, he does know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
Heavy rain is falling all across the Channel 11 viewing area, flooding roads and freeways. Check our county-by-county radars to track the rain as it moves through.
GET DOZENS OF RADAR VIEWS FROM ACROSS THE HOUSTON AREA
LIST: Houston roads with high water
LIST: Current Houston-area watches and warnings
TRAFFIC: Live Houston-area traffic map
© 2018 KHOU
“A ‘blush gold' version of iPhone X — once rumored to ship last year — is not only still alive, but entering production, according to a prominent leak source,” Roger Fingas reports for AppleInsider.
“Photos shared by Ben Geskin on Twitter depict both the rear and sides of the device, as well as a matching SIM tray,” Fingas reports. “Geskin commented that the ‘color is real,' suggesting that Apple appears to have ‘saved it for later.' He allowed the possibility that it might still be scrapped.”
“At the moment the iPhone X is sold in just two colors, silver and space gray,” Fingas reports. “The iPhone 8 is available in gold as well, while the iPhone 7 comes in five colors.”
D21A – “Blush Gold” iPhone in production. pic.twitter.com/l2xGYIYsCh — Ben Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) March 19, 2018
Read more in the full article here.
Missouri Governor Eric Greitens appointed Elijah Mayfield to the Governor's Council on Disability. Elijah is a National Down Syndrome Society Ambassador, recipient of the 2016 National Down Syndrome "Self-Advocate of the Year" award, and serves as an intern in the Governor's Office. Elijah also works for St. Mary's Hospital, is active on Lincoln University's campus and with the United Way of Central Missouri.
OBERLIN, Ohio (AP) — Students at Oberlin College have long enjoyed pastries, bagels and chocolates from Gibson's Bakery, a century-old, family-owned business near campus. That sweet relationship has turned bitter amid hotly disputed accusations of racism, roiling a school and town long known for their liberal politics.
The dispute, which began in November 2016 with the arrest of three black Oberlin students who tried stealing wine from Gibson's, is now a lawsuit in which the exasperated bakery owners accuse the college and a top dean of slandering Gibson's as a “racist establishment” and taking steps to destroy the family's livelihood.
Caught in the middle are longtime residents of this town of 8,300 people, many of whom identify themselves as liberals but who have patronized Gibson's for decades. Many believe the timing was right for the conflict to boil over; the arrests came the day after Donald Trump won the presidential election, electrifying students who had long heard suspicions of racial profiling at Gibson's.
“I can understand why people were looking for some outlet for their frustration, but it's just counterproductive to bend that anger towards a small family business that to my knowledge is not guilty of the sort of racial profiling that people accuse it of,” said retired Oberlin professor Roger Copeland.
The three students were arrested after punching and kicking the white shopkeeper. The 18- and 19-year-old students said that they were racially profiled and that their only crime was trying to buy alcohol with fake identification; the shopkeeper, Allyn Gibson, said the students attacked him after he caught them trying to steal bottles of wine.
The day after the arrests, hundreds of students protested outside the bakery. Members of Oberlin's student senate published a resolution saying Gibson's had “a history of racial profiling and discriminatory treatment.”
Few colleges put the “liberal” into “liberal arts” more than Oberlin, which in the early 1800s became the first in the country to regularly admit women and minorities. But it is also more recently has become, for conservatives, a symbol of political correctness gone awry and entitled youth.
News articles in 2015 quoted students decrying the school dining hall's sushi and Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches as cultural appropriation. The divisive, voice-of-a-generation actress Lena Dunham, famously a 2008 Oberlin alumna, was quoted in Food & Wine magazine as saying, “The press reported it as, ‘How crazy are Oberlin kids?' But to me, it was actually, ‘Right on.'”
With Oberlin's reputation preceding it and news of the Gibson's protests spreading online, bikers and out-of-town counter-protesters soon converged on the town to jeer students and buy doughnuts from Gibson's. Conservatives derided the students on social media as coddled “snowflakes” with a mob mentality, while students attacked the store as a symbol of systemic racism.
The three students arrested at Gibson's pleaded guilty in August to attempted theft and aggravated trespassing and said in statements required by a plea agreement that their actions were wrong and that the store wasn't racist.
Even so, students continue to boycott Gibson's over perceived racial profiling, causing business to suffer. Pressed by a reporter to provide evidence or examples of profiling, they said only that when black students enter the store, they feel as though they're being watched.
“Racism can't always be proven on an Excel sheet,” said Kameron Dunbar, an Oberlin junior and vice chair of the student senate.
Copeland and other residents say the accusations of racism are unfounded.
“I've never seen evidence; it's always hearsay,” Copeland said. “When your fellow student is shutting down a conversation because he or she is made uncomfortable, it leads to a hive mentality.”
On Nov. 7, the Gibsons sued Oberlin and Meredith Raimondo, vice president and dean of students, for slander, accusing faculty members of encouraging demonstrations against the bakery by suspending classes, distributing flyers, and supplying protesters with free food and drink.
It says Raimondo took part in the demonstration against Gibson's with a bullhorn and distributed a flyer that said the bakery is a “RACIST establishment with a LONG ACCOUNT of RACIAL PROFILING and DISCRIMINATION.”
Today, the lawsuit says, college tour guides continue to inform prospective students that Gibson's is racist.
Dave Gibson, the bakery's owner, says the lawsuit is about standing up for his right to crack down on shoplifting without being branded as a racist. The suit says Oberlin demanded that he stop pushing criminal charges on first-time shoplifters and call school deans instead.
“I have not taken a paycheck since this happened more than a year ago,” Gibson said in an email. “Sometimes you have to stand up to a large institution. Powerful institutions — including Oberlin College — and their members must follow the same laws as the rest of us.”
Gibson's loses thousands of dollars to theft, the lawsuit said. It rejects any accusations of racial bias, pointing to police figures in the past five years that show only six out of 40 adults arrested for shoplifting at the bakery were black.
The school said in a statement after the lawsuit was filed that it and Raimondo deny Gibson's claims and that the college has stopped buying the bakery's goods, ending what had been a decades-long relationship. Raimondo did not respond to an email seeking comment.
Attempts by the Oberlin Business Partnership to mediate between the school and bakery ended in failure, said partnership Director Janet Haar, with neither side appearing to be interested.
The clash has inspired Oberlin senior Jake Berstein, who said he witnessed the initial altercation, to produce a podcast trying to create a conversation that “isn't being had” between the two sides.
“Gibson's has become all that is wrong with America,” Berstein said. “It's a classic case of those political bubbles that don't communicate with each other, and don't want to.”
___
Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Thieves stole about $2 million in jewelry from singer Alanis Morissette's home, multiple outlets reported.
The jewelry was stolen last week from the singer's Los Angeles home, CNN reported.
Morissette was not at home at the time, according to police. This is not the first time Morissette has been hit by a seven-figure loss. Earlier this year, her ex-manager Jonathan Todd Schwartz admitted to taking more than $5 million from the singer, according to people.com.
Morissette has not commented publicly on the incident, according to People, but she did tweet a positive message.
The Government has scored a new senator, winning over Kenyan-born independent Lucy Gichuhi who was formerly a member of the now-defunct Family First party.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull last night welcomed Senator Gichuhi into the Liberal Party's ranks after she was signed up at a South Australia State Council meeting.
Senator Gichuhi, a devout Christian, was elected to the Senate after her Family First running mate Bob Day was disqualified from Parliament for breaching the Constitution.
Her decision to join the Federal Government benches lifts the coalition's numbers in the Senate back to 30, where it was after the election. Cory Bernardi then split to form his own party.
Mr Turnbull said Senator Gichuhi was an “inspiration”.
New Liberal senator Lucy Gichuhi with Malcolm Turnbull. Picture: News Corp
“Her story is a remarkable tale of perseverance, selfless sacrifice for family and achievement over adversity,” Mr Turnbull said. “She chose to come to Australia because she knew it was the best country in the world to realise her dream, and now she is in the Australian Senate working to ensure that Australia remains a land of opportunity.”
Senator Gichuhi is Australia's first black African-born senator. She was raised in a two-room hut in Kenya before coming to Australia with her husband and three children in 1999.
In her maiden speech, Senator Gichuhi spoke about her shock at receiving welfare payments and said she believed it was a choice to reject the “handout”.
“We were terrified because we were not used to receiving money from strangers for nothing,” she said.
“All I knew is that the only time you get money is when you work for it. I said to my husband, ‘We will have to return it'.”
Mr Turnbull said Senator Gichuhi would “bring to the Liberal Party an important perspective drawn from her remark-able personal journey”.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
“Around where I live, the Apple Watch is a hit,” Mathias Eichler writes for iMore. “I'm often surprised at how many people I see wearing one as I visit clients, or while standing in line at the coffee shop. Smart notifications, custom complications, and fitness tracking have made the watch a compelling product for most everyday tasks, and as of Series 3, the product seems to have at last found its groove.”
“But I don't spend my free time doing everyday tasks: I prefer to leave the pavement and the daily workout routine behind and head for the mountains,” Eichler writes. “Naturally, it made me curious — could the Series 3 Apple Watch track my backcountry workouts as well as more-normal tasks?”
“After about two months of testing, I came to the realization that even if my watches weren't the panacea I was looking for, I already have a great backcountry tool: my iPhone. It can recharge mid-flight, a key problem that no smartwatch can really handle effectively. It has a large screen and powerful mapping apps, both of which are much better ways to navigate through the woods,” Eichler writes. “On backcountry outings, you need to bring a backpack with essential gear, and a phone and charger won't add much to your weight. And, of course: You need to phone to take pictures of your trip.”
Tons more in the full article – recommended – here.
LONDON (AP) — Big Ben will fall silent next week in London as a major restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a four-year, 29-million-pound ($38 million) conservation project that includes repair of the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark the longest period of silence for the bell.
It will still sound on big occasions, such as Remembrance Sunday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A shooting Wednesday at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center in San Francisco sent multiple victims to a hospital, officials said.
Here & Now‘s Robin Young checks in with John Sepulvado (@johnlgc), host of KQED's California Report.
With reporting from The Associated Press
East Texas investigators are still on the trail of at least three people wanted for a bank robbery.
The Security State bank of Diana was robbed around 5 o'clock Friday evening.
An image shared on Facebook, shows the 3 people suspected in the Friday armed robbery of the bank.
Significantly the image shows the men approaching the bank from the back drive through area, where investigators had spent a lengthy time searching two days earlier.
Something that may be helping law enforcement right now is a number of security cameras from different area businesses, all pointed in the direction of the bank.
Hope is that an image might reveal a car or a license plate.
Some locals believe the trio could not have known the routine of the bank, the time that would be most advantageous to strike, unless they were watching.
One suspect is wearing all dark clothing, a second wearing dark pants and a white shirt, and a third wearing dark pants and a grey shirt.
The idea that they had spent time watching the town and the bank, gives some a very uneasy feeling.
"It's a small town, small place like this, someone would rob it. Now you want to pay a lot more attention to your surroundings versus where you would
just get out of your truck and walk straight to the store," says concerned citizen Greg Hughes.
Investigators continue to search for the suspects.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Upshur county sheriff's office.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Among the devastating natural disasters that have struck several countries around the world in the previous weeks, the powerful 7.1 earthquake that hit Mexico was one of the most destructive in the country's history. The earthquake toppled hundreds of buildings, destroyed streets and killed more than 200 people including 21 schoolchildren.
As the Mexican cities affected by the earthquake rebuild from the devastation, director Alfonso Cuarón—the man behind Gravity and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban—hasn't forgotten about his home country. With the help of his celebrity friends like Eva Longoria, Mark Ruffalo, Naomi Watts and Robert De Niro among others, Cuarón has announced an initiative titled “Mexico Rises” to help raise funds for Mexico.
“The devastating earthquakes in Mexico have elicited a deeply moving response from the Mexican people. In the history of our community, we have never been so informed, united and connected as we are right now,” said the director. “Citizens have taken this matter into their own hands and have selflessly and tirelessly worked together to come to the aid of their neighbors. Following their inspiring lead, I'm compelled to take action and join them to help begin the reconstruction of our beautiful country as it starts to recover from these tragic events.”
The video for the multi-platform campaign starts with a few clips of when the earthquake struck then goes into celebrities sending moving messages in support of Mexico then asking viewers to visit the donation page.
For those interested in learning more or contributing, visit GlobalGiving.org/MexicoRises. All donations will exclusively support earthquake recovery efforts. And be sure to support the initiative with the hashtag #MexicoRises.
NEW YORK (AP) — Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with his 300th homer, a tiebreaking shot that helped the New York Mets rally past the Chicago Cubs for a 9-4 victory Wednesday night.
Injury replacement Lucas Duda added a three-run homer off Hector Rondon, and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for his third hit.
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game, the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the defending World Series champions despite losing second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury.
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. (2-1).
Jerry Blevins (4-0) struck out three of his four batters to earn the win.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A membrane filter is primarily a selective barrier that allows the quick passage of constituents present in a liquid. The liquid that flows through the membrane is called as to permeate while the influent of the membrane is called as the feed-stream and the constituents that are retained in the membrane is either known as a retentate or a concentrate. The primary criteria for the selection of a suitable membrane include the membrane pore size. Based on the pore size, membranes can be classified as microfiltration, ultrafiltration, nanaofiltration and reverse osmosis and reverse osmosis membranes. The thickness of a membrane is also taken into consideration, either with homogenous or heterogeneous structure. In some cases, membranes can be either neutral or charged and the flow of particles is either active or passive.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=3156
Particle transport can be facilitated by pressure, concentration, chemical or electrical gradients of the membrane process. Membranes can be classified into two types, which include systematic membranes and biological membrane. These membranes have various uses in wastewater treatment, pharmaceutical and medical industries. Membrane filters are used in these industries as its is less energy-intensive as it does not require major phase changes, it does not demand any absorbents or solvents that are expensive or difficult to handle and the equipment used is simple and modular and this facilitates the incorporation of more efficient membranes.
Te main driver for the membrane filter market is its use in the water treatment process. These membranes provide critical, efficient and reliable solutions for various separation challenges and have also demonstrated high performance across a wide variety of applications as compared to other complicated technologies. The global and local environmental concerns boost the membrane technology market as in aids in the reduction of waste and enhances its general reuse. The major factors that drive the membrane market include the growing global demand for water industry, the stringent local and state government regulations and various environmental concerns. Additionally these membrane filters are reliable and highly cost effective with high permeability and selectivity. The wastewater treatment segment and the pharmaceutical segment are considered the main applications of membrane filters, however the industrial gas processing segment is anticipated t grow at a very fast rate over the next few years.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/membrane-market.html
North America and Europe have the highest market demand for membrane filters owing to their stringent environmental regulations. Additionally the European countries are continually investing into various research and development of various high performance membrane products for various industrial gas processing and pharmaceutical and medical uses sector. The demand for membrane filters in Asia Pacific is also high due to the increase in water and various wastewater treatments, pharmaceutical and medical industries. This rise in demand in Asia Pacific is expected to continue over the next few years. At present China is considered to be the fastest growing market in the Asia Pacific region and globally. The largest market for membrane filters for the medical industry is the European region followed by North America and Asia Pacific. however North America is anticipated to see the highest growth in the near future.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
BOOKED: Jerad Powell of Great Bend on Great Bend Municipal Court serve sentence.
BOOKED: Douglas Meredith of Claflin on a Barton County District Court serve sentence. Ellinwood Municipal warrant for contempt of court, bond set at $108.50 cash only.
BOOKED: Shelly Turner of Fort Collins, CO on Barton County District Court serve sentence per Judge Willey.
BOOKED: Jacquelin Portillo of Great Bend on Great Bend Municipal Court warrant for contempt of court, bond set at $1,165 cash only or 60 days in jail.
BOOKED: John Slate of Ionia on BTDC case for serve sentence.
BOOKED: Sandra Thompson of Pawnee Rock on BTDC warrant for failure to appear, bond set at $2,500 C/S.
BOOKED: Anissa Racette of Ellinwood on BTDC warrant for contempt of court, bond is set at $200 cash only.
BOOKED: Jason Racette of Ellinwood on BTDC warrant for contempt of court, bond is set at $200 cash or 48-hour OR bond.
BOOKED: Savannah Sullivan of Great Bend on BTDC case for possession of methamphetamine, possession of marijuana, bond set in lieu of $100,000 C/S.
RELEASED: Jacquelin Portillo of Great Bend on GBMC warrant for contempt of court after posting a $1,165 cash bond.
RELEASED: Sandra Thompson of Pawnee Rock for BTDC warrant of failure to appear after posting $2,500 bond through Dynomite Bail Bonding.
RELEASED: Anissa Racette of Ellinwood on BTDC warrant for contempt of court after posting $200 cash bond.
RELEASED: Jason Racette of Ellinwood on BTDC warrant for contempt of court after posting $200 cash only bond.
WEDNESDAY -- Patchy Morning Fog, Some Sun and a Stray Afternoon Shower. High 79
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The contracts of 50,000 workers employed at 34 casino-hotels in Las Vegas expire at midnight Thursday. They could walk off the job any time starting Friday.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the city's two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers.
MGM said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week.
Caesars said it expects to agree to a new contract on or about June 1.
HENRYETTA, Okla. (AP) - An arrest warrant has been issued in the deaths of a couple found in eastern Oklahoma last year.
Officials say that the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation is seeking 45-year-old Harlon Lee Foss in connection to the deaths of his grandparents, Virgil and Rowena Ingraham of Oklahoma City.
The Muskogee Phoenix reports that the couple's remains were discovered Nov. 21 in McIntosh County. Authorities say no one has seen Foss since the bodies were discovered.
Oklahoma City investigators found bloodstains and blood smears inside the couple's home, where Foss also lived. Authorities also found bloody clothing matching the size of Foss inside the washing machine.
OSBI spokeswoman Jessica Brown says the bureau doesn't have information to locate Foss. The bureau is asking anyone with information of Foss' whereabouts to come forward.
Information from: Muskogee Phoenix, http://www.muskogeephoenix.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Item numbers have always been a hot commodity in Bollywood films, and other industries have followed suit with the trend. See our favourite list of item numbers along with some cool behind-the-scenes details!
Most Bollywood films are popular for their item songs.
The item number trend has been in Bollywood since its early days. But now, Lollywood has taken some bold moves by incorporating them into their movies as well.
From Malaika Arora Khan to Kareena Kapoor Khan, Mehwish Hayat Khan to Saba Qamar — all have shot to fame for hot, bold moves that bring up ratings in your favourite movies.
Here's a look at 10 item songs that are sure to set the mood for you and your Valentine.
1.”Kajra Re” — Bunty Aur Babli (2005)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan made hearts skip a beat with her performance in “Kajra Re.” While the movie was a flop, this item number was the song of the decade. No doubt this is her favourite song! The love sparks flew between her and Abhishek Bachchan.
2. “Munni Badnaam Hui” — Dabangg (2010)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
She wasn't sure that she was the right fit for this item number, as “there were a lot of glamourous women in the industry who could do a fabulous song.” But it took convincing from her husband, Arbaaz Khan, who asked her to see the song's “full potential.” And as she notes, history was made.
3. “Ooh La La” — The Dirty Picture (2011)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
This item number features Vidya Balan turning heads alongside veteran Bollywood actor Naseeruddin Shah. She noted the fun she had working on this film with her co-star Shah. “When we were dancing in the midst of oranges it was hilarious. We were laughing like mad, dancing between pots, posing like old sculptures. We had to roll down a slope. It is not easy, more than (getting) hurt, I couldn't control my laughter,” Balan reminisced.
4. “Chikni Chameli” — Agneepath (2012)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
Bollywood siren Katrina Kaif is not one to shy away from doing an item number either. Check out the hit song from 2012's Agneepath. She noted in an interview that the fast-paced style of the dancing was a “challenge.” However, she had loads of fun working on the tune!
5. Ram Chahe Leela — “Goliyon Ki Rasleela Ram-Leela” (2013)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
Priyanka Chopra noted that the intense dance rehearsals for this song left her bruised all over, but the intricate composition of the dance itself makes this one of her favourite numbers.
6. “Baby Doll” — Ragini MMS 2 (2014)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
Sunny Leone set screens ablaze with her number “Baby Doll.” The video went viral and is still a fan favourite in 2017. This song cemented her as the go-to item performer for future blockbuster films.
7. “Billi” — Na Maloom Afraad (2014)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
Mehwish Hayat added major shock value to the Pakistani film Na Maloom Afraad and exuded the right amount of energy to prove she can move like the best of them. “Everywhere I go, I hear people chanting, ‘Billi! Billi! Billi!” said Hayat. “I am sure it was a huge surprise for the audience to see their favourite TV actor on the big screen and it was a huge challenge for me also. I'm glad it was so well received and the song became one of the biggest attractions of the movie.”
8. “Tutti Frutti” — Karachi Se Lahore (2015)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
Ayesha Omar created quite the buzz on social media when fans got a teaser of what to expect from her number in Karachi Se Lahore. The song created quite the controversy, but Omar paid no mind.
9. “Kalabaaz Dil” — Lahore Se Aage (2016)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
Pakistani actress Saba Qamar has stated that the song is not an “item song,” but fans beg to differ. Qamar is famed for her drama serials. She rose to controversy after fans caught trailers of her dance moves in the movie that claimed, “Bollywood has Sheila, we have Mastani.”
10. “Laila Main Laila” — Raees (2017)
Video Credit: YouTube.com
You and your loved one can watch Sunny Leone do her thing in everyone's favourite song from Raees, starring Shah Rukh Khan and Mahira Khan. This isn't Leone's first time at the rodeo with item numbers, and something tells us it won't be her last.
Main Image Photo Credit: www.youtube.com
They asked if she had identification — no — and if she had drugs — yes. A trooper pulled some spice from Kory's bra and placed it on the hood of an unmarked car, before putting Kory in cuffs and ushering her into the passenger seat.
It's a challenging time for small business owners. Faced with the possible repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), many are rethinking their healthcare coverage and doing comparison shopping. Healthcare plans, even those offered to small businesses through SHOP, vary from state to state. However, small business owners are exploring every insurance option, from government to direct marketplace.
Shopping for health insurance through SHOP
Although ACA is in limbo, SHOP is still a good resource for small business health insurance. Small businesses with up to 50 employees can enroll through private group health insurance plans under SHOP. Self-employed individuals who wish to purchase an ACA healthcare plan can choose individual or family healthcare coverage through the government health insurance exchange. SHOP has a list of agents and brokers in all states, many of whom also sell private healthcare plans outside of the national health insurance network.
A few SHOP basics
Small businesses interested in a SHOP market health insurance plan should note that according to the Overview of The SHOP Marketplace, “The Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) Marketplace is for small employers who want to provide health and dental insurance to their employees — affordably, flexibly, and conveniently. To use the SHOP Marketplace, your business or non-profit organization must have 50 or fewer full-time equivalent employees (FTEs). You don't have to wait for an open enrollment period. You can start offering SHOP insurance to your employees any time of year.”
The self-employed needn't despair
Self employment insurance can be expensive in the private sector. However, with assistance and a little advice from resources such as SHOP, the self-employed aren't entirely going it alone. According to the self-employed section of the government's healthcare website, “If you're self-employed, you can use the individual Health Insurance Marketplace to enroll in flexible, high-quality health coverage that works well for people who run their own businesses. You can enroll through the Marketplace if you're a freelancer, consultant, independent contractor, or other self-employed worker who doesn't have any employees.”
The self-employed, in addition to looking for low-cost health insurance, can take advantage of tax credits to reduce healthcare premiums. According to the Health Insurance Marketplace, “When you fill out a Marketplace application, you'll find out if you qualify for premium tax credits and other savings on a health plan. This will be based on your income and household size.”
Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP and employee retiree benefits
Being low income, retired or a retiree beneficiary is no obstacle to individuals intent on becoming a business owner. For those who qualify, Medicaid and CHIP are 4enrolling in these programs. Older small business owners qualify for Medicare if age 62 or older. Those who receive retiree benefits from a former employer can use their retiree health coverage combined with Medicare if they qualify.
Private health insurance directly from the market
Many private insurance companies offer health plans to the self-employed and small business owners with less than 50 employees. The more innovative plans, however, can be more cost effective than the SHOP market plans. Small businesses that can afford the premiums would be purchasing directly through healthcare insurance providers.
Employer health insurance
Small business owners who qualify for neither low income nor retiree benefits often pull in extra income and receive health coverage from an employer. This is usually because they prefer not to choose an Affordable Care Act plan.
Private health savings account
A health savings account can be purchased directly from a bank or health insurance company if not offered through a retiree or employer benefits plan. Some banks offer health insurance savings accounts as an extra customer perk. Contribution to a health savings account is an allowable tax deduction.
Veterans Health Benefits
The Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Department of Veteran's Affairs (CHAMPUSVA) was created to help veterans enroll in a healthcare program. If under age 65, they can acquire health coverage outside the VA network through CHAMPUS, a federally funded healthcare program revamped and renamed Tricare.
This article was written by Linda Cameron for CBS Small Business Pulse.
Farah Merhi, influencer, home decor expert, wife and mother of three, has added designer to her list of credentials. She'll launch her first home collection on QVC at 2 p.m. on Sept. 22.
The collection, which like her Instagram page is called Inspire Me! Home Decor, includes bedding, throws, rugs, oil diffusers, mirrors, a mirrored tray, flameless candles and storage ottomans, priced from $40 to $350. “Designing the line has been a fantastic experience and has given me the opportunity to create a range of products that truly reflect my style and personality," Merhi said.
NEW YORK (AP) - Facebook likes can tell a lot about a person. Maybe even enough to fuel a voter-manipulation effort like the one a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm stands accused of - and which Facebook may have enabled.
The social network is now under fire after The New York Times and The Guardian newspaper reported that former Trump campaign consultant Cambridge Analytica used data, including user likes, inappropriately obtained from roughly 50 million Facebook users to try to influence elections.
Facebook's stock plunged 7 percent Monday in its worst one-day decline since 2014. Officials in the EU and the U.S. sought answers, while Britain's information commissioner said she will seek a warrant to access Cambridge Analytica's servers because the British firm had been "uncooperative" in her investigation. After two years of failing to disclose the harvesting, Facebook said Monday that it hired an outside firm to audit Cambridge.
Researchers in a 2013 study found that Facebook likes on hobbies, interests and other attributes can predict personal attributes such as sexual orientation and political affiliation. Computers analyze such data to look for patterns that might not be obvious, such as a link between a preference for curly fries and higher intelligence.
Chris Wylie, a Cambridge co-founder who left in 2014, said the firm used such techniques to learn about individuals and create an information cocoon to change their perceptions. In doing so, he said, the firm "took fake news to the next level."
"This is based on an idea called 'informational dominance,' which is the idea that if you can capture every channel of information around a person and then inject content around them, you can change their perception of what's actually happening," Wylie said Monday on NBC's "Today." It's not yet clear exactly how the firm might have attempted to do that.
Late Friday, Facebook said Cambridge improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded an app described as a personality test. Those people agreed to share data with the app for research - not for political targeting. And the data included who their Facebook friends were and what they liked - even though those friends hadn't downloaded the app or given explicit consent.
Cambridge got limited information on the friends, but machines can use detailed answers from smaller groups to make good inferences on the rest, said Kenneth Sanford of the data science company Dataiku.
Cambridge was backed by the conservative billionaire Richard Mercer, and at one point employed Stephen Bannon - later President Donald Trump's campaign chairman and White House adviser - as a vice president. The Trump campaign paid Cambridge roughly $6 million, according to federal election records, although officials have more recently played down that work.
The type of data mining reportedly used by Cambridge Analytica is fairly common, but is typically used to sell diapers and other products. Netflix, for instance, provides individualized recommendations based on how a person's viewing behaviors fit with what other customers watch.
But that common technique can take on an ominous cast if it's connected to possible elections meddling, said Robert Ricci, a marketing director at Blue Fountain Media.
Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to "explore mental vulnerabilities of people." He said the firm "works on creating a web of disinformation online so people start going down the rabbit hole of clicking on blogs, websites etc. that make them think things are happening that may not be."
Wylie told "Today" that while political ads are also targeted at specific voters, the Cambridge effort aimed to make sure people wouldn't know they were getting messages aimed at influencing their views.
The Trump campaign has denied using Cambridge's data. The firm itself denies wrongdoing, and says it didn't retain any of the data pulled from Facebook and didn't use it in its 2016 campaign work.
Yet Cambridge boasted of its work after another client, Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz, won the Iowa caucus in 2016.
Cambridge helped differentiate Cruz from similarly minded Republican rivals by identifying automated red light cameras as an issue of importance to residents upset with government intrusion. Potential voters living near the red light cameras were sent direct messages saying Cruz was against their use.
Even on mainstay issues such as gun rights, Cambridge CEO Alexander Nix said at the time, the firm used personality types to tailor its messages. For voters who care about tradition, it could push the importance of making sure grandfathers can offer family shooting lessons. For someone identified as introverted, a pitch might have described keeping guns for protection against crime.
It's possible that Cambridge tapped other data sources, including what Cruz's campaign app collected. Nix said during the Cruz campaign that it had five or six sources of data on each voter.
Facebook declined to provide officials for interview and didn't immediately respond to requests for information beyond its statements Friday and Monday. Cambridge also didn't immediately respond to emailed questions.
Facebook makes it easy for advertisers to target users based on nuanced information about them. Facebook's mapping of the "social graph" - essentially the web of people's real-life connections - is also invaluable for marketers.
For example, researchers can look at people's clusters of friends and get good insight as to who is important and influential, said Jonathan Albright, research director at the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia University. People who bridge different friend networks, for example, can have more influence when they post something, making them prime for targeting.
Two-thirds of Americans get at least some of their news on social media, according to Pew Research Center. While people don't exist in a Facebook-only vacuum, it is possible that bogus information users saw on the site could later be reinforced by the "rabbit hole" of clicks and conspiracy sites on the broader internet, as Wylie described.
___
An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated the sum paid by the 2016 Trump campaign to Cambridge Analytica. It was $5.9 million according to federal election records.
Purdue forward Jacquil Taylor, left, listens to Isaac Haas on the bench against Butler during the first half of an NCAA men's college basketball tournament second-round game in Detroit, Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
Purdue forward Jacquil Taylor, left, listens to Isaac Haas on the bench against Butler during the first half of an NCAA men's college basketball tournament second-round game in Detroit, Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
DETROIT (AP) - Without Isaac Haas, Purdue played fine for the most part.
Until the last few minutes, when the Boilermakers' season nearly slipped away.
"We lost our poise there, but then we also regained it," coach Matt Painter said. "And Dakota Mathias made a huge shot."
Mathias sank a 3-pointer with 14.2 seconds left, and second-seeded Purdue held off 10th-seeded Butler 76-73 on Sunday to reach the Sweet 16 for the second consecutive year. Haas, the 7-foot-2 center who broke his elbow in Friday's win over Cal State Fullerton, did not play, but the Boilermakers prevailed anyway despite a late push by their in-state rivals.
Purdue (30-6) led by as many as 10 points in the second half of this all-Indiana matchup, but Butler (21-14) cut the deficit to two and had the ball in the final minute. Kelan Martin missed a 3-pointer, and the Boilermakers were able to settle down.
"We can still win the game with that one possession and we were able to do that," Painter said.
The shot by Mathias made it 76-71.
"Once it left my hand it felt pretty good," Mathias said. "Those last couple of minutes we kind of got out of our element, forcing some things offensively, not making the right read, to let them back in. ... Give Butler a lot of credit. They played hard. They're a good team. We're excited to come out with a win."
Martin scored with 2.1 seconds remaining, and P.J. Thompson missed the front end of a one-and-one, giving Butler another chance. The Bulldogs called a timeout with 1.8 seconds left, and Kamar Baldwin's shot from near midcourt hit the rim - although it may have been waved off on a review even if it had gone in.
Vincent Edwards scored 20 points despite early foul trouble for Purdue, and Matt Haarms filled in capably for the injured Haas. The Boilermakers set a school record for victories in a season and are in the regional semifinals for the fourth time under Painter. Purdue faces third-seeded Texas Tech on Friday in Boston.
Martin scored 29 points for Butler.
"Every day at practice, this group, they came and they embraced and they were willing to learn," Butler coach LaVall Jordan said. "So I just wish we could have done better so we could still coach them for a few more practices and at least one more game."
Haas warmed up before the game but wasn't using his injured arm much, and an official said a few minutes before tipoff that the big man's brace hadn't been approved for competition. Haarms, a redshirt freshman, started for the first time this season and missed an easy layup early on.
But the 7-foot-3 Haarms settled in, finishing with seven points and six rebounds. He was on the court at the end, using his huge frame to guard the inbound passer on Butler's last play.
"This is for Isaac," Haarms said. "This one's for him. He helped me a lot today, but he has always been like that. He's always in my ear and a great mentor."
Haas was ruled out for the rest of the tournament after his injury Friday, but on Saturday, there appeared to be at least some possibility he could come back. He didn't on Sunday, and he was noncommittal afterward about the next couple of weeks.
"We'll see," Haas said. "It just depends on how the inflammation goes down and if we can find a brace that meets NCAA regulations."
Edwards picked up his second foul with 15:10 left in the first half, but Painter didn't bench him completely. Edwards finished the half with 12 points in 12 minutes. Purdue rallied from a nine-point deficit and led 40-36 at the break.
A 3-pointer by Edwards started a 7-0 run that put Purdue ahead 61-51.
BIG PICTURE
Even without Haas, the Boilermakers seemed comfortable on offense until the final minutes. They went 11 of 24 from 3-point range and were able to move the ball for good shots despite missing their top inside threat.
Butler didn't have enough scoring threats in this tournament. Martin and Baldwin combined for 51 points in a win over Arkansas on Friday and had 43 on Sunday. No other Bulldog was in double figures against Purdue.
GETTING BACK
Edwards helped preserve Purdue's late lead with a huge defensive play. After turning the ball over with about 90 seconds remaining, he hustled back and blocked an attempted layup by Baldwin that would have tied the game.
SO CLOSE
What does Butler have to do to make one of these midcourt shots at the end of an NCAA Tournament game?
The shot by Baldwin was from close to the same spot where Gordon Hayward's desperation attempt nearly gave Butler the national championship in 2010 against Duke. But both those shots narrowly missed - although this one may not have beaten the buzzer anyway.
UP NEXT
Purdue heads to the Sweet 16 and now has more time to adjust to Haas' injury situation before the game against Texas Tech.
Butler begins the offseason and will have to replace Martin, who is a senior.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Easter weekend saw a record number of sea migrants into Italy from North Africa, with more than 8,300 migrants taking advantage of the good weather and calm seas to make the perilous crossing.
As Breitbart News reported earlier, the Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) picked up between 1,500 and 1,800 men, women, and children over the weekend, while other search-and-rescue (SAR) assets rescued another 2,074.
The latest figures reveal that literally dozens of rescue operations in the Mediterranean have resulted in the arrival of over 8,300 migrants as vessels continued streaming in to Italian ports throughout the morning on Monday. The majority of the migrants reportedly come from Sahba, a migrant camp in Libya.
This latest large wave of migrants follows hard on the heels of new Italian legislation passed last week to expedite both the granting of asylum to true refugees and the acceleration of repatriation in cases where asylum requests are rejected. The new law also limits the number of appeals to one, down from the two appeals previously allowed.
Italy has seen a steep rise in immigration in the first quarter of 2017, up a significant 30 percent over the same period in 2016, despite the fact that immigration numbers hit new records last year. With the Easter weekend arrivals, the year's total immigration into Italy now exceeds 37,000.
Last fall, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi cautioned that Italy would not survive another year of mass immigration like 2016.
“Either we block the influx by 2017 or Italy will not handle another year like the past year,” Renzi announced on national television.
“Right now we can manage it: winter is coming and sea conditions will worsen, but we have six months maximum,” Renzi said, while pushing for urgent measures to stop the migrants leaving their countries of origin.
Recent reports suggest that human traffickers are now exploiting the many NGOs and humanitarian associations that provide passage to migrants from North Africa into Italy. Officials insist that the easy shuttle service offered from just off the Libyan coast all the way to Italian ports has created a substantial “pull factor” that incites many migrants to attempt the crossing who would not do so otherwise.
In a report released last month, Frontex, the European agency in charge of border control, accused humanitarian organizations of material complicity with human traffickers by lowering their costs and improving their “business model.”
“Migrants and refugees – encouraged by the stories of those who had successfully made it in the past – attempt the dangerous crossing since they are aware of and rely on humanitarian assistance to reach the EU,” the report said.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
Postoperative Pain Market: Overview
One of the main postoperative adverse outcomes is pain that causes prolonged hospital stay, physical distress and increasing incidences of readmissions of patients post surgery. The post operative pain is crucial to manage as single analgesics are not able to provide effective pain relief for moderate or severe pain and are also associated with side effects such as vomiting, nausea, bleeding or sedation. The major focus of postoperative pain treatment is not only to reduce pain intensity but also to improve post operative results and increase patient comfort.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15713
The postoperative pain management is the most integral part of the patient treatment because it provides patient comfort, initiates mobilization, lessens the possibility of cardiac, pulmonary and neuropathic pain complications, reduced risk of thrombosis and low cost of care. The postoperative pain treatment consist mainly multimodal analgesic treatment that includes combination of various analgesics that act by various mechanism of actions.
Postoperative Pain Market: Trends and Dynamics
According to National Center for Health Statistics, approximately 100 million surgeries are carried out in the United States each year. It's been perceived that at least 50 million procedures require postoperative pain medication. The major concern with prescription painkillers is that opioids or narcotic drugs tend to obtain habit in patients if not monitored by physician may also result in death due to drug overdose. Hence, the opioids are preferred in severe pain and the dose is decreased over the course of treatment withdrawal.
According to the Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) death due to drug overdose has increased significantly over the last decade, prescription painkiller overdoses killed nearly 15,000 people in the United States in 2008. This is more than 3 times the 4,000 people killed by these drugs in 1999. While in 2010, about 12 million Americans (age 12 or older) reported nonmedical use of prescription painkillers in the past year. Thus, even after constant surveillance of Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and other regulatory authorities the prescription painkiller overdoses are increasing hence, most of the drugs used against postoperative pain are preferred to be non-narcotic after discharge of patients.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=15713
The major drivers of postoperative pain market is elevating number of geriatric population, increasing prevalence of lifestyle and senile diseases, high patient awareness about various surgeries and operations, increase in accidents and trauma situations and increasing research and development activities to come with safe and effective pain management treatment.
Postoperative Pain Market: Region-wise Outlook
North America was observed to be the leading postoperative pain market because the annual procedures performed in year 2010 are 51.4 million. Thus, the major drivers of postoperative pain in North America are increase in geriatric population, high public awareness about safe surgeries and post operative results and highly regulated market under constant surveillance of various regulatory authorities. Followed by Europe, it was observed to be the second largest market of postoperative pain. Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World were observed to be the growing market for safe and cost effective postoperative treatments as the emerging economies are developing its healthcare infrastructure along with various industry supportive regulatory reforms that might also include growth of this market.
The major market players in postoperative pain market are DURECT Corporation, A.P. Pharma, Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, BTG International Ltd., Grunenthal GmbH and others.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=15713
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
BELFAST, Northern Ireland (AP) — Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos has been released from Germany's World Cup qualifying squad to allow him to recover from a rib injury.
Kroos recently missed games for Madrid with the same injury but played in Germany's 3-1 win over Northern Ireland on Thursday, helping the team secure qualification for next year's tournament in Russia.
The German soccer federation says Kroos left the team hotel in Belfast on Friday morning in order to “fully heal.”
Germany coach Joachim Loew says “we know what Toni can give us. When it comes down to it we can always rely on him. The deciding factor was that he is completely fit for next year.”
Germany plays Azerbaijan on Sunday as it bids to complete qualification with 10 wins from 10 games.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
"For as hard as he works, he does know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
The U.S. Supreme Court rejected Arizona's challenge to the Obama-era program protecting illegal immigrants brought to the country as children, also known as Dreamers, and required the state to provide them with driver's licenses. Justin Mitchell reports.
Kevin Riordan is the Inquirer's South Jersey columnist. He's been a journalist for nearly 40 years.
George Vallianos, president of the Nick Virgilio Haiku Association, left, and Sacred Heart Church pastor Msgr. Michael Doyle stand for a portrait inside the nearly-completed Nick Virgilio Writer's House in Camden on Friday, March 16, 2018. The house, named for noted haiku poet and Camden native Nick Virgilio, will host writing workshops and other programs.
The esteemed Camden poet Nick Virgilio enjoyed reciting his latest haikus to close friends and total strangers.
the cathedral bell/is shaking a few snowflakes/from the morning air
“He'd come into the rectory, wash the dishes, have tea, and hit me with two haikus. Five days a week,” said the Rev. Michael Doyle, whose Sacred Heart Church is across the street from the soon-to-open writer's house that will bear Virgilio's name.
“Nick would sit at the counter with his poems, a decaf coffee, and a bran muffin,” George Vallianos, whose family owned the city's Elgin Diner for 43 years, recalled.
Where the battlefield/narrows to a cattle path:/the dew on the grass
A World War II veteran and radio DJ who embraced haiku in the early 1960s, Virgilio wrote about subjects personal, political, and painful — such as the 1967 death of his younger brother, Marine Cpl. Lawrence J. Virgilio, during the Vietnam War.
deep in rank grass,/ through a bullet-riddled helmet:/an unknown flower
The poet himself died in 1989. Some of his work was archived at Rutgers-Camden ; most of it has gone out of print.
But last year, 6,000 schoolchildren from around the country entered a Haiku Society of America contest named for Virgilio. Thousands of entries have been received in advance of the March 25 deadline for this year's competition.
And on April 28, the Nick Virgilio Writer's House will open in the Waterfront South section of the city he wrote about, loved and lived in for most of his life.
http://>TELL US: What are the favorite poems in your family? http://www.philly.com/philly/news/national-poetry-month-favorite-family-poems-20180319.html
Virgilio was only 60 when he suffered a heart attack while taping a CBS-TV interview in Washington. At the time of his death he was an internationally recognized master of the exquisitely concise Japanese form of poetry.
Lily: /out of the water/ … out of itself.
“He established an American model of haiku … that conforms to natural speech,” said Geoffrey Sill, a retired Rutgers-Camden professor of English who is on the writer's house board.
“In Japan, haiku is usually associated with nature. Nick wrote about urban streets, a different sort of nature.”
The Nick Virgilio Writer's House will operate in a renovated, light-filled Victorian structure at Broadway and Jasper Street.
It will be the latest addition to the neighborhood's emerging “So Bro” (for South Broadway) arts district, where the South Camden Theatre Company, Camden Shipyard and Maritime Museum, Camden FireWorks and other gallery and performance spaces have opened in recent years.
The Writer's House also is the realization of a decades-long dream by those who knew and loved Virgilio and his work — or have more recently discovered it. Poetry workshops, readings and related events are among the planned programs.
“Our goal is to create a beautiful space for writing,” board member Robin Palley said. “Nick thought of poetry as a way for kids and adults to access their feelings. We will be reaching out to children and to the community.”
Said Ralph Roberts, a retired chief fire marshal of Camden who also serves on the board: “A lot of people know of Nick Virgilio. At the center, they can form a connection with his talent and his work.”
the flag's shadow/creeps toward the crater:/footprints on the moon
I first met Virgilio during a writing workshop series at the old Walt Whitman Poetry Center, which he helped establish at Rutgers-Camden.
It was the early 1980s, before I finally came to the wise conclusion that my greatest contribution to the world of poetry would be as a reader, rather than writer.
I remember Virgilio as an avid Walt Whitman fan and a vivid, exuberant powerhouse of a man. He was eccentric, unusual, and wonderful: A genuine Camden original.
“Nick didn't meet you. He wrestled with you,” Doyle said last Friday, as he and other board members took me on a preview tour of the Writer's House.
Many rooms feature striking pieces of donated furniture. Photographs and other Virgilio memorabilia on display include the vintage Remington typewriter on which he did his work.
The building had been boarded up since the 1970s when Heart of Camden, the community development corporation founded by Sacred Heart, bought it from the city for $10,000 in 2010.
Plans to develop the writer's house in partnership with Rutgers-Camden “fell through right after we bought the building,” said Helene Pierson, then Heart of Camden's executive director. “I started planting seeds about putting the Nick Virgilio house there.”
Doyle and others credit Pierson with having obtained grants, including $600,000 from New Jersey American Water, as well as other financing for the $1 million renovation.
“I just hope it becomes another place in the life of the neighborhood,” she said.
The building also will become the second literary center to open in Camden: The Rutgers-Camden Writers House debuted in 2016, and the two aim to work together.
“We share a common commitment to bring writing programs to the larger Camden community,” said Leah Falk, program coordinator at the Rutgers house, which is located in a restored Cooper Street mansion.
I bet there will be plenty of room for both of these institutions to grow in the city, where a vibrant multicultural arts scene has taken root.
The Nick I knew would want to be in the thick of it. With the opening of the Nick Virgilio Writer's House, he will be.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Philly folks are taking a big role in planning America's 250th birthday. Will the city rise to the occasion?
Philly folks are taking a big role in planning America's 250th birthday. Will the city rise to the occasion? May 28
Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.
Phenom People, an Ambler hiring-software company that counts Aramark, Ford, Microsoft and dozens of other large companies as clients, says it has raised $22 million from New York-based AXA Venture Partners and previous investors Sierra Ventures and Omidyar Ventures, based in California, and Sigma Prime Ventures, of Boston.
The investment will help Phenom People boost its staff to 500, from around 300 currently. The current headcount includes around 80 at the Ambler headquarters, 15 at a Tel Aviv, Israel software-development center, and more than 200 at the company's main technology center in Hyderabad, India.
Phenom People sells the Talent Relationship Marketing (TRM) software platform to manage hiring campaigns, job candidates and their information, appointments and conversations. The company is also developing a job referral application. Phenom People ” has built a market-leading technology platform that enables companies to win the war for talent,” said AXA general partner Alex Scherbakovsky in a statement.
“We plan to use the money raised to expand our product offering and increase our marketing and sales presence in Europe,” spokesman Justin Noll told me. “Most of our customers are headquartered in the U.S., because that's where we had focused our sales and marketing efforts for the past few years. Last year we started growing a team in the U.K. and plan to open an office there and in other countries with the money raised.”
Sierra, Omidyar and Sigma Prime invested another $9 million in 2015. Earlier Phenom People investors from a 2013 “seed round” included Philadelphia-area firms such as Karlani Capital, Kenexa founder Rudy Karsan, and marketing mogul Richard Vague's Gabriel Investments, reports Technical.ly's Roberto Torres.
Phenom People is run by the three men who founded the company in 2011: CEO Mahe Bayereddi, of Warrington, an India native with a computer-science master's from Maharishi University; his brother, CIO Hari Bayereddy, an India-trained engineer with a Temple Fox School MBA; and “chief people officer” Brad Goldoor, a former executive at newspaper publisher Gannett Corp. and help-wanted ad sales site CareerBuilder.com.
The Ethiopian marathoner crouched down low in the hallway at the Miami airport as he carried a bouquet of red roses.
Feyisa Lilesa's daughter spotted him first and ran in for a hug. Then, his young son and lastly his wife.
On Valentine's Day, the Olympic silver medalist who became an international figure when he crossed his wrists in protest at the finish line in Rio de Janeiro finally reunited with his family. He was a little late (traffic), but what's a few extra minutes when he's already waited six long months to see them.
As he made his way out of the airport, his son perched on his shoulders and his daughter rode on the luggage, carrying the flowers he brought as a gift.
Advertisement
“The biggest gift is us seeing each other again — and me seeing them again,” Lilesa said through a translator in a phone interview Tuesday. “It's all been very tough.”
The 27-year-old eventually settled in Flagstaff, Arizona, after making an anti-government gesture during the Olympic marathon that drew global attention to the deadly protests in his home region of Oromia. He never returned home after Brazil out of fear of what might happen to him. He's constantly been worrying about the family he left behind in Ethiopia. His nearly 6-year-old daughter, Soko, and 3 ½-year-old son, Sora, always asked when they will see him again.
Finally, he was able to answer.
Lilesa remains in the U.S. on a special skills visa. His family arrived on visas as well, secured through his attorney.
The plan now is this: A few days of beach time and then it's off to Flagstaff where the family will settle into everyday life in their rental house.
One weight off his mind.
Still, he can't forget what his country is going through, with the Oromia region experiencing anti-government protests over recent months. Violent anti-government protests spread to other parts of Ethiopia and led to a state of emergency that was declared in October.
Since his gesture, many have described Lilesa as a national hero.
“My mind is pretty much occupied by what is happening back home,” Lilesa said. “Whether I'm running or I'm sleeping or I'm laying back, my family and what is happening in Ethiopia — and what is happening to my people — that's constantly on my mind.”
Most days since his arrival in America have been spent training. It was his best cure for loneliness.
“I come from a very big family, and I've never lived alone,” Lilesa said. “I've always been surrounded by people I know. This has been the complete opposite. Here, I'm removed from all of that.”
Still, he would protest all over again.
“I think me taking the risk and putting family in that position and putting them potentially in harm's way, it was a good lesson for a lot of people that you need to sacrifice in order for you to win some concessions and change your situation,” Lilesa said. “In that sense, it inspires people to fight for their rights and resist the government in Ethiopia. It also led to greater awareness about the situation in Ethiopia.
“Now, you see more coverage of the human rights violations. I speak with people wherever I go. Even outside the media limelight, people are interested in knowing. They heard the story because of my protest.”
Someday, he would like to go back to Ethiopia.
“But as long as this current government is in power, I don't have hope of going back to Ethiopia,” he explained. “I do know change is inevitable.”
He also wants to compete at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Whether that's wearing the colors of Ethiopia, he doesn't know.
“I'm not too hopeful the system will be changed in the next three years and I will be in a position to run for Ethiopia. We will have to wait and see,” said Lilesa, who plans to run in the London Marathon in two months.
For now, Lilesa's priority is getting his family settled.
“I knew that we would meet somehow, but I didn't expect it would happen under these circumstances over here,” Lilesa said. “When I think about my family, it takes me back to why I did this and why I'm here. I missed my family, but this was a big bother to me — the plight of my people.”
___
AP Photographer Wilfredo Lee in Miami contributed to this report.
The Govs softball team faced a busy weekend as they traveled to Macon, Georgia, to compete in the Mercer Bears Classic, competing in five games from Friday, March 16, through Sunday, March 18.
The team faced off against Bucknell and Mercer Friday, Bucknell and Rutgers on Saturday and competed against Mercer once again Sunday.
APSU (15-8) came into the tournament riding a five game winning streak, and continued the hot hand starting out the tournament with four straight victories before falling in game 5.
The first game of the weekend ended in a narrow, 4-3 win.
The Govs found themselves trailing 3-2 in the bottom of the fifth, however that changed when they were able to get two runs in, taking the 4-3 lead.
The team was then able to hold off an attack long enough to secure their first victory of the weekend.
The second game, facing off against Mercer, saw a 7-1 victory for the Govs.
The game was much closer than the score indicated.
The Govs found themselves up 3-1 in the top of the seventh, before having a monster four run innings to help secure the lopsided victory.
The seventh inning saw two, two-run home runs.
Heading into Saturday, the Govs continued to see more winning.
Bucknell came in looking for revenge from Friday's loss, however they would be undone once again, falling 2-0.
The only two runs of the game occurred in the second inning, while stellar pitching from APSU ensured that Bucknell would not get any runs in.
After the victory, APSU found themselves pitted against Rutgers.
This victory came with another lopsided score of 7-0.
The Govs jumped out at the top of the first with a 1-0 lead, and did not look back as they posted two innings with three runs batted in each.
The Govs looked to close out the Bears Classic by going 5-0, but came up just short, falling to the hosts 3-1.
Although the Govs lost the last game, they finished with the best record of the weekend after going 4-1.
The Govs were also able to extend their winning streak to nine games before faltering on Sunday.
APSU came one win short of the school record set in 1997.
The Govs return home for a quick two-game home stand before opening conference play against the Eagles of Morehead State.
The Govs will host the Lipscomb Bison (18-7) on Wednesday, March 21, at 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. respectively.
PARIS (AP) — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for her next match, it could well be because she lost track of time plugged into her console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have “The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim” to distract you? (“It's OK you don't know it,” she kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
“It's sort of consumed my time a little bit,” the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. “Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, ‘Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why.”
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and her debut title on tour earlier this year, when she tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at her first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said she is concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win her first Grand Slam.
“In my mind, it's not really clay,” she said. “I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it.”
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has her way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because she hopes to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
“I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest,” she said. “When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out.”
Those she beat on her way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At her next tournament, in Miami, she then overpowered Serena Williams, her tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
She started traveling with her games console from that point on.
“Sometimes I'm really bored in my room and I feel like I really want to play,” she said. “That's why I started bringing it.”
Comments
comments
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The U.S. Commerce Department says recreational anglers in the Gulf of Mexico will have 39 more days to fish federal waters for red snapper — even though this could add years to the species' recovery from nearly disastrous overfishing.
The agreement means private recreational anglers “will substantially exceed” a catch limit designed to prevent overfishing, and “may delay the ultimate rebuilding of the stock by as many as 6 years” past its 2032 goal, according to a notice made public Wednesday.
However, the National Marine Fisheries Service predicts that red snapper numbers will keep growing, just much more slowly, the notice said. It said Gulf states' economies are being hurt and different approaches to management are “undermining the very integrity of the management structure,” so “the Secretary of Commerce has determined that a more modest rebuilding pace … is a risk worth taking.”
Gulf state officials praised the decision to reopen the federal season off Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Florida for three-day weekends through Labor Day, plus three holidays.
“This is an historic collaboration with the Department of Commerce and the five Gulf states to reset the framework of federal red snapper management,” Chris Blankenship, acting commissioner of Alabama's Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, said in a news release.
The Commerce Department's press release said it's the first time in a decade that the five states have agreed to align their seasons with federal seasons, and called it “a significant step forward in building a new Federal-State partnership in managing the Gulf of Mexico red snapper stock,”
However, an environmental group and a charter captains' association estimate that private anglers will take nearly triple their allocated 3.4 million-pound (1.5 million kilogram) quota of the sport and panfish under the plan, potentially canceling next year's recreational season entirely.
“The current system is failing private anglers and they deserve a fix,” Mike Jennings, president of the Charter Fisherman's Association said in a prepared statement. But, he said, “It has to be done in a way that gives them more flexible access while still adhering to science-based catch limits.”
Earlier Wednesday, his group and the Environmental Defense Fund had emailed Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, asking him to delay any decision until he had good scientific estimates of the likely catch.
They said a rough estimate using available federal figures indicated that anglers would go 7.4 million pounds over their limit during a 39-day season, “even without taking into account the increased fishing that would occur on the weekend versus weekdays.”
Holly Binns, the Pew Charitable Trusts' director for ocean conservation in the southeast U.S., said, she believed the other two groups used conservative methods for their estimate.
“We have a lot of questions about the science and the legality behind this decree,” she said.
A three-day anglers' season that started June 1 had been set because anglers went over last year's quota. Each year's overage is subtracted from the following year's quota.
Florida and Alabama have agreed to keep state waters closed after Labor Day, “eliminating the vast majority of private angler catch that has occurred in the fall,” the federal notice said. It said Louisiana and Mississippi, which keep close tabs on anglers' catches, have agreed to use their figures to decide whether to hold a fall season. Texas will keep its waters open, but “accounts for less than half a percent of private angler catch of red snapper in its fall season,” the notice said.
'Game of Zones' pokes fun at Sixers Ben Simmons, Markelle Fultz in the latest episode May 24
Report: Sixers GM Bryan Colangelo used fake Twitter accounts to argue with critics, smear former players and colleagues
Report: Sixers GM Bryan Colangelo used fake Twitter accounts to argue with critics, smear former players and colleagues May 29
Sixers' Joel Embiid's playground antics could cost him part of his contract if he gets hurt
Sixers' Joel Embiid's playground antics could cost him part of his contract if he gets hurt May 29
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. He took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports. He is a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
The 76ers have gone from the feel-good story of the NBA to an organization looking for answers.
The Sixers announced Wednesday that they have begun an independent investigation into Bryan Colangelo's alleged secret use of Twitter. The Ringer website reported Tuesday night that the team's president of basketball operations has five anonymous Twitter accounts, including four that have criticized Sixers players and coach Brett Brown and disclosed sensitive team information.
In a written statement released Wednesday morning, the Sixers said, “The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter. We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded.”
Colangelo acknowledged having one of the Twitter handles reported in the Ringer post, @phila1234567, which didn't have an account name. He never tweeted from that account. However, The Ringer alleges that he also might operate four other accounts. It mentioned the Twitter account named “Eric jr.”. The other accounts in question are “HonestAbe,” “Enoughunkownsources,” and “Still Balling.”
All this comes after the Sixers posted their best season since 2000-01. They finished the regular season 52-30, in third place in the Eastern Conference, and earned their first postseason appearance since 2012. They ended the regular season with 16 straight end-of-the-season wins to set an NBA record. They also advanced to the conference semifinals before losing to the Boston Celtics in five games. Not bad for a squad that tanked the previous four seasons, winning a combined 75 games during that stretch.
The Ringer report surfaced minutes after sources confirmed Brown's contract extension.
According to the Ringer, the tweets include accusations that Jahlil Okafor could not be traded in 2017 because of a failed physical and that Brett Brown wanted Nerlens Noel out of the locker room. Another tweet sent to actress Gabrielle Union claimed that the user was sitting next to Union and her husband, Dwyane Wade, as the two mistreated a young fan at the Beijing Olympics in 2008.
When reached for comment, Colangelo directed the Inquirer and Daily News to the response sent to the Ringer:
“Like many of my colleagues in sports, I have used social media as a means to keep up with the news. While I have never posted anything whatsoever on social media, I have used the @Phila1234567 Twitter account referenced in this story to monitor our industry and other current events. This storyline is disturbing to me on many levels, as I am not familiar with any of the other accounts that have been brought to my attention, nor do I know who is behind them or what their motives may be in using them.”
Embiid tweeted at one of Colangelo's reported fake accounts.
Joel told me that @samhinkie IS BETTER AND SMARTER THAN YOU @AlVic40117560 #BurnerAccount — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
Embiid also talked to ESPN reporter Adrian Wojnarowski, saying Colangelo reached out to the all-star center to deny the story.
"We don't think about the past. I think that's key," Valeri said. "Think about the next game and prepare well and perform for 90 minutes and improving on things that will make us better."
MATCH OF THE WEEK: The Columbus Crew face Toronto FC in a rematch of last season's Eastern Conference championship. The Reds advanced to the MLS Cup final with a 1-0 victory on aggregate.
This season, the Crew haven't been scored on in a club-record 495 minutes, capped by last Sunday's 0-0 draw with Sporting Kansas City. It was the fifth straight shutout for Crew goalkeeper Zach Steffen.
Meanwhile, the league's reigning champions are struggling with a 3-7-1 record this season, and they're coming off a 1-0 loss to FC Dallas. But they've also been dealing with an unusual number of injuries.
"There are a lot of games left, we have a great team, a team that can win on many days but the reality is we are letting games slip away from us too consistently," Reds captain Michael Bradley said. "We have to respond in a big way now in this next stretch."
This is the second meeting between the two teams this season. The Crew won the first one 2-0 in Toronto.
PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Vancouver's Cristian Techera has been named the league's Player of the Week after scoring a hat trick in the Whitecaps' 3-3 draw with the New England Revolution last weekend.
It was the Uruguayan midfielder's first three-goal game in MLS.
US SOCCER BECKONS: Philadelphia Union sporting director Earnie Stewart will assume the new role of general manager for the U.S. men's national team, according to various reports.
One of his first duties will be to hire a new coach. Dave Sarachan has been interim coach since Bruce Arena stepped down following the Americans' failure to qualify for the World Cup in Russia.
Stewart, who was born in the Netherlands, has been with the Union for the past three seasons after serving as an executive for a pair of Dutch clubs.
A former midfielder, he made 101 appearances for the U.S. team. He also played for D.C. United as well as several Dutch teams.
By Anne M. Peterson, The Associated Press
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Dachon Burke scored 25 points with six 3-pointers and Robert Morris made 11 from beyond the arc in beating Drexel 74-60 on Sunday to end the Dragons' three-game win streak.
Koby Thomas scored 21 points with six rebounds for the Colonials (6-4), who led by as many as 20 in winning for the sixth time in its last seven games. Matty McConnell added 10 points, 11 assists and three steals.
Burke opened the game with a 3-pointer and dunk, Jon Williams hit a 3, and the Colonials never trailed. Robert Morris hit seven 3s in the half and led 42-27 at intermission behind 15 points from Burke and 12 from Thomas.
Drexel didn't get within 13 points in the second half, and finished shooting 42 percent from the floor and 4 of 16 from long distance after committing 18 turnovers.
Kurk Lee led Drexel (5-5) with 15 points. Tramaine Isabell scored 12 off the bench, Sammy Mojica added 11, and Austin Williams grabbed 11 rebounds.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Mindteck (India) Limited (BSE: 517344 and NSE: MINDTECK) announced its expansion into the Turkish market with the establishment of an office in Istanbul, headed by IT industry veteran Mrs. Şebnem Göktunç Aydemir.
Mrs. Aydemir has 24 years of experience delivering best-in-class IT solutions to clients in the retail, financial, telecommunications, and manufacturing sectors. During the course of her career, she has led numerous global IT teams from India, Central and Eastern Europe, and the UK for companies such as Şişecam Paşabahçe, TAIB Yatirimbank, Fintek, and Novell (now Micro Focus). In 2006, Mrs. Aydemir was recognized as Project Manager of the Year for the EMEA Region by Novell. She holds a B.A. in Industrial Engineering from Istanbul Technical University (ITU). Prior to joining Mindteck, Mrs. Aydemir owned and managed a software services company specializing in delivering HP software and services.
Sanjeev Kathpalia, Managing Director and CEO, commented, “Şebnem has a proven track record of executing complex IT projects for clients on a multinational basis across a variety of industry verticals. Her entrepreneurial spirit, deep sector knowledge, and interdisciplinary approach make her an excellent fit for her current role“. He added, “We're delighted to have her on board to lead Mindteck's strategic growth initiatives in Turkey”.
Contact Information:
Kozyatağı Mahallesi Sarıkanarya Sokağı, BYOFİS Plaza No:14 Kat:7, 34736 Kadıköy/İstanbul, Turkiye
+90 216 906 03 03
[email protected]
HE'S the highly touted 20-year-old bound for Newcastle next year and now 20-year-old Jesse Ramien has the chance to show Cronulla what they're losing when he becomes the Sharks' third right centre in three games.
With just one NRL game under his belt, Ramien has been given the huge assignment of shutting down star Parramatta three-quarter Michael Jennings in a clash between two sides that have so far failed to match lofty expectations in 2018.
With new faces Matt Moylan and Josh Dugan slotting into Cronulla's backline this season Flanagan has yet to find a winning formula and has already thrown Plan A on the scrapheap after a poor Round 1 performance from Valentine Holmes saw him dumped as fullback.
LIVE stream every 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership game on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week trial now > If you're overseas, you can still stream it LIVE on Watch NRL >
Camera Icon Aaron Gray is consoled by Josh Dugan after losing the ball for the Sharks. Picture: AAP
That forced a rethink in the right centre role earmarked for Josh Dugan, with the controversial NSW star reverting to his favoured fullback spot as Holmes was relegated to the wing.
Emerging winger Sione Katoa's Round 1 injury allowed a smooth transition for Holmes but it effectively moved a selection headache from the wing to the centres, where Aaron Gray failed to impress against the Dragons.
So coach Shane Flanagan has rolled the dice again, giving Ramien a shot at nailing down a first grade spot before he takes off bound for the Hunter at the end of the season.
Ramien's decision to join the Knights from 2019 is understood to have disappointed Flanagan who had hoped to re-sign the youngster.
Ironically it was former Sharks football manager Darren Mooney who pulled off the signing coup.
“Jesse is an imposing centre, with size and speed and will be a great addition to our outside backs when he joins us next season,” Mooney told the Knights website last month.
Live scores and stats, the latest news and the best video highlights — get the ultimate NRL experience on your phone with the new FOX LEAGUE App. Download it NOW for FREE on iOS and Android!
Camera Icon Valentine Holmes has had a poor start to the season. Picture: News Corp Australia
“Our squad is a great mix of youth and experience; a player like Jesse will not only add further depth, but he will join us a long-term centre option.”
His opposite number on Saturday Jennings has had a quiet start to the season and has not registered a try or try to assist in the opening two rounds.
Coming off a 54-0 embarrassment at the hands of Manly on Sunday, Jennings will be keen to stand up and send a message, giving Ramien a massive task in his second NRL game.
PHOENIX (AP) - Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and the Cincinnati Reds rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-4 on Wednesday.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Cincinnati right-hander Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in his first win since May 4, yielding four runs and seven hits. He was 0-3 with a 12.79 ERA in his previous three starts.
Raisel Iglesias got four outs for his ninth save in his first appearance since being sidelined by a biceps injury. Pinch hitter Daniel Descalso and Jarrod Dyson singled to start the ninth but Goldschmidt fouled out, Duvall made a sliding grab of Jake Lamb's sinking liner to left and Murphy popped out.
Corbin was cruising with a 4-0 lead when Tucker Barnhart and Votto opened the fourth with singles and Suarez walked on a 3-2 pitch to load the bases. That brought up Duvall, who hit a drive into the seats in left-center for his second career grand slam.
Suarez opened the sixth with a single, Duvall struck out and Schebler launched a shot 433 feet to right.
It was a disappointing finish for Arizona after a fast start.
Dyson led off the first with a single and Goldschmidt, moved up to second in the batting order in recent games, knocked Romano's 1-1 pitch into the visitor's bullpen for his seventh homer of the season. After Jake Lamb flew out, Murphy doubled to the left-center gap and scored on David Peralta's single, sliding in just ahead of Billy Hamilton's throw from short center field.
Murphy's fourth home run in his last six games made it 4-0 after three.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Reds: Iglesias threw a 45-pitch bullpen session on Monday without any negative results, setting the stage for his reinstatement.
Diamondbacks: RHP Shelby Miller, recovering from Tommy John surgery, threw five innings in his first rehab start for Class A Visalia on Tuesday night, allowing a run and four hits. He struck out eight with no walks.
UP NEXT
Reds: Following an off day, Tyler Mahle (3-6, 4.76 ERA) starts Friday night at San Diego. The Reds finish a nine-game trip with three against the Padres.
Diamondbacks: RHP Clay Buchholz (0-1, 1.64 ERA) pitches Friday night in the opener of a three-game set against Miami.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MONTREAL – Congratulations to Kansas City Chiefs lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif. Make that Doctor Duvernay-Tardif.
The Chiefs offensive lineman graduated from medical school on Tuesday, becoming the first active NFL player to hold a medical degree.
The 6-foot-5, 321-lb. Canadian tweeted a photo of his white lab coat emblazoned with “Dr Duvernay-Tardif” and his number 76 on the back.
This is it! Today I become a doctor! It also marks the beginning of a great new adventure for all 2018 graduates of @mcgillu Faculty of Medicine. #LDTMD #graduation #passion #nfl #chiefs pic.twitter.com/j4oD1BCuXJ — Laurent D. Tardif (@LaurentDTardif) May 29, 2018
Duvernay-Tardif, 27, graduated from the Faculty of Medicine at McGill University, in Montreal. He was selected by the Chiefs in the sixth round of the 2014 NFL Draft, while he was in his third year of medical school.
He spent the next years working hard on the football field and returning to Canada during the off-season to continue medical school.
“So tonight right after graduation, I'm going back to Kansas City. Training camp is starting again tomorrow morning and then the season is right around the corner,” Dr. Duvernay-Tardif told NFL Canada.
“In terms of medicine, I think I want to give myself a year to think about, how am I going to be able to manage residency? Because it's hard to do part-time residency with an NFL career at the same time. But really, I think I want to also enjoy the moment right now and really focus 100 percent on football right now because we know the Chiefs 2018 season is gonna be big.”
Duvernay-Tardif signed a 5-year, $41 million deal with the Chiefs in 2017.
And when his NFL career eventually comes to an end, he'll have a pretty safe fall-back career.
At GOLDWOOD, we have always taken care of our valued customers requirements. And our efforts have not gone unnoticed. Within a short span of time people know our brand “GOLDWOOD” as a premium quality product which is made without any compromise. We all are leaders in our area of responsibilities with a deep commitment to deliver results. We are determined to be the best at doing what matters the most.
We work together on the principle of mutual trust and transparency in a boundary-less organization. We are intellectually honest in delivering quality, including on time delivery.
Responsibility towards the plywood industry and associated people has been ways of life for us since decades. It is a journey in progress, much beyond milestones. We are trying to reinvent the sense and sensibility of people of wood panel industry towards the quality of plywood and associated products through our no compromise action to make GOLDWOOD
At GOLDWOOD, growth is not just centered on profits; we place sustainable development at the core of our business decisions and align our sustainability strategy with our business goals. This means concern for NO COMPROMISE action for quality manufacturing with people growth and environment safety. We therefore take it upon ourselves to produce, provide and deliver in the right way.
About GOLDWOOD PLY:
GOLDWOOD PLY is one of the top Plywood Manufacturers in Yamunanagar, Haryana. We're offering the best exclusive range of products like Block Board, Flush Door, Plywood Delhi NCR all over India
+91 (0) 1732 271400, info@goldwoodply.com
Goldwood Industries V.P.O. Fatehpur, old Saharanpur road tehsil jagadhri, Yamunanagar Haryana, India – 135101
http://goldwoodply.com/
In a speech before the US Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island, Adm. John Richardson said that the move might be worthwhile if the cost of modernizing the obsoleted vessels wasn't too high. Richardson is the Chief of Naval Operations, making him the highest-ranking military official in the service.
"We've got to be thoughtful about this," he said. "Those are some old ships and the technology on those ships is old. And in this exponential type of environment, a lot has changed since we last modernized those. So it will be a cost-benefit analysis in terms of how we do that."
© AP Photo/ Lockheed Martin US Navy Needs to Delay Construction on New Frigates to Replace Littoral Ships
Oliver Hazard Perry-class guided missile frigates, named for the naval hero of the War of 1812, were built in in the late 1970s and 1980s to replace World War II-era destroyers. The low cost of production meant that the Navy built quite a few of them, 51 in just twelve years, but it also meant that they did not age particularly gracefully and had short lifespans of 15-20 years on average.
Worse, later generations of warships outclassed the Perrys. The Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyers, which began deployment in 1988, utilized the then-cutting-edge Aegis missile defense system while the Perrys did not. Their relatively cheap design and outdated armaments earned the Perrys the derisive nickname of "the ghetto fleet."
"We kind of got rid of [Perry-class frigates] at the 25-year point; we didn't do maintenance on them," said Vice Adm. Thomas Moore during a recent address to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "The reality of it is, we really got rid of a lot of those ships because, from a combat systems standpoint, they had become obsolete."
Between 1994 and 2015, all of the Perry-class frigates were either decommissioned or sold/gifted to US allies such as Bahrain, Egypt, Poland, Pakistan, Taiwan and Turkey. Others were sunk for use as diving or fishing reefs, dismantled for scraps or destroyed in missile tests.
But 12 Perry-class frigates are still owned by the Navy, part of the "mothball fleets" of inactive ships. While some may still be sold to foreign militaries, it is possible for the others to be modernized and redeployed. Assumedly, restoring the Perrys and equipping them with modern weaponry would be cheaper and faster than building new vessels from scratch.
During his speech, Richardson also discussed the main prong of his plan to reach the magic number of 355: extend the lifespan of existing ships by altering and expanding existing platforms as well as equipping ships with new weapons like directed energy laser guns.
"There are many types of those technologies that are out there, imaging radars, those sorts of things, to make each of these platforms more capable, delivering more naval power," he said during the speech.
A devastated owner has launched an appeal to find her missing cat who she described as family after they moved over from France together.
Camille moved from France, near the Switzerland borderline, at the beginning of June with her cat Holyblue.
But the black cat went missing from her garden seven weeks ago, and has not been seen since.
And now Camille is desperately trying to find her.
She lives in Orchard Avenue Cheltenham and said: “She's my life. We moved from France together so she is my only family here.”
Holyblue is black, with a white streak on her tummy and a patch near her neck.
She is seven years old and neutered, but she isn't too friendly with people she doesn't know.
Although she is microchipped, it was done in France so Camille is not sure if the details would be readable.
If you see Holyblue, call Camille immediately on 07549866222.
COLUMBUS – Applications are being accepted now through Monday, April 2, for the next wildlife officer cadet training school, according to the Ohio Department of Natural Resources (ODNR). The ODNR Division of Wildlife is seeking to fill 11 state wildlife officer positions throughout Ohio.
Wildlife officers have statewide jurisdiction to enforce wildlife regulations, investigate allegations of waterway pollution, protect state lands and property, conduct investigations and make arrests. They also conduct educational programs, provide technical advice on wildlife to landowners, and keep local agencies and conservation organizations updated on wildlife projects and regulations. They frequently work alone and can be assigned anywhere in the state.
To be considered for the wildlife officer cadet training school, applicants must be at least 21 years of age by Dec. 31, 2018, and have a valid driver's license. An associate degree or completion of an undergraduate core program in fish and/or wildlife management, criminal justice, environmental law enforcement or related fields is required by June 1, 2018.
Applicants must also be able to perform the Ohio Peace Officer Basic Training Program's approved fitness testing entry standards for new recruits at the 30th percentile, be able to swim 100 yards in 5 minutes or less, and tread water for a minimum of 5 minutes. These standards are approved by the Ohio Peace Officer Training Commission (OPOTC).
To obtain more information, go to wildohio.gov/wildohiocareers, and to apply, go to careers.ohio.gov.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/03/web1_ohio-dnr-241×300.jpg
Ohio Department of Natural Resources
ODNR ensures a balance between wise use and protection of our natural resources for the benefit of all. Visit the ODNR website at ohiodnr.gov.
ODNR ensures a balance between wise use and protection of our natural resources for the benefit of all. Visit the ODNR website at ohiodnr.gov.
Study on Aerospace Plastics Market by Infinium Global Research is comprehensive presentation of qualitative and quantitative research to identify key trends, growth prospects, drivers, restraints and opportunities in the Global market. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Aerospace Plastics Market by application (aerostructure, components, cabin interiors, construction and insulation components, equipment, systems & support, propulsion systems, satellites) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. Browse through over 100 tables and figures to get complete view of the global and regional markets of Aerospace Plastics over the period of 2017 to 2023. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the key players of the Global Aerospace Plastics Market which includes company profiling of BASF, Evonik Industries AG, Ensinger GmbH, Hexcel Corporation, HITCO Carbon Composites, Premium Aerotec GmbH, Tech-Tool Plastics Inc., Toho Tenax Co. Ltd., Toray Carbon Fibers America Inc., and Zoltek Companies, Inc. According to report the global aerospace plastics market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10% over the forecast period of 2017 – 2023.
Segments Covered
The report on global aerospace plastics market covers segments such as application, and end use. The application segments include aerostructure, components, cabin interiors, construction and insulation components, equipment, systems & support, propulsion systems, satellites, and others. On the basis of end user the global aerospace plastics market is categorized into commercial & freighter aircraft, general aviation, military aircraft, rotary aircraft, and others.
Geographic Coverage:
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023. The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017 – 2023.
Companies Profiled:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global aerospace plastics market such as, BASF, Evonik Industries AG, Ensinger GmbH, Hexcel Corporation, HITCO Carbon Composites, Premium Aerotec GmbH, Tech-Tool Plastics Inc., Toho Tenax Co. Ltd., Toray Carbon Fibers America Inc., and Zoltek Companies, Inc.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global aerospace plastics market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of aerospace plastics market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the aerospace plastics market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the aerospace plastics market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Get Sample copy of this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/913
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Aerospace Plastics Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.2.4 Challenges
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the global Aerospace Plastics Market
4. Global Aerospace Plastics Market by Application 2017 – 2023
4.1 Aerostructure
4.2 Components
4.3 Cabin interiors
4.4 Construction and insulation components
4.5 Equipment, systems & support
4.6 Propulsion systems
4.7 Satellites
4.8 Others
5. Global Aerospace Plastics Market by End User 2017 – 2023
5.1 Commercial & freighter aircraft
5.2 General aviation
5.3 Military aircraft
5.4 Rotary aircraft
5.5 Others
6. Global Aerospace Plastics Market by Regions 2017 – 2023
6.1 North America
6.1.1 North America Aerospace Plastics Market by Application
6.1.2 North America Aerospace Plastics Market by End User
6.1.3 North America Aerospace Plastics Market by Country
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Europe Aerospace Plastics Market by Application
6.2.2 Europe Aerospace Plastics Market by End User
6.2.3 Europe Aerospace Plastics Market by Country
6.3 Asia-Pacific
6.3.1 Asia-Pacific Aerospace Plastics Market by Application
6.3.2 Asia-Pacific Aerospace Plastics Market by End User
6.3.3 Asia-Pacific Aerospace Plastics Market by Country
6.4 RoW
6.4.1 RoW Aerospace Plastics Market by Application
6.4.2 RoW Aerospace Plastics Market by End User
6.4.3 RoW Aerospace Plastics Market by Sub-region
7. Companies Covered
7.1 BASF
7.2 Evonik Industries AG
7.3 Ensinger GmbH
7.4 Hexcel Corporation
7.5 HITCO Carbon Composites
7.6 Premium Aerotec GmbH
7.7 Tech-Tool Plastics Inc.
7.8 Toho Tenax Co. Ltd.
7.9 Toray Carbon Fibers America Inc.
7.10 Zoltek Companies, Inc.
Browse Detailed Description and Company Mentioned in this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/chemical_material/global_aerospace_plastics_market
Contact Us
Infinium Global Research,
Website:https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com
Email: sales@infiniumglobalresearch.com
The episode came just five days after a terror-linked car attack on soldiers, the latest in a string of assaults in France since early 2015.
Investigators have "ruled out the terrorist hypothesis" behind the latest incident, which took place in the town of Sept-Sorts, 55 kilometres (34 miles) east of Paris, a source close to the inquiry said.
The man, who was arrested, said "he had tried to kill himself yesterday (Sunday) without success and decided to try again this way," the source said.
In Paris, interior ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet said the fatality was a girl aged 13, and not aged eight as initially reported. Four people were seriously hurt, after a preliminary figure had been given of six. One of the four was the girl's younger brother, police said.
The driver, born in 1985, "is not known to the intelligence services and has no criminal record," Brandet said.
Earlier, the public prosecutor's office in the town of Meaux said investigators believed the act was "deliberate... but apparently has no connection with a terrorist act."
France is on edge after suffering a string of terror-related attacks, including the use of cars as weapons.
On August 9, six soldiers were injured after they were hit by a rented BMW in the western Paris suburb of Levallois Perret. A BMW was also involved in Monday's incident. The suspect, a 36-year-old Algerian man, was later shot and wounded after a dramatic motorway chase.
The death toll from jihadist attacks in France has exceeded 230 since January 2015.
The country has been under a state of emergency since the Islamic State group attacked in Paris in November 2015, leaving 130 people dead.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) - Swedish furniture retailer Ikea is recalling for repair gas hobs sold across Europe because their carbon monoxide emissions are above the allowed limits.
Ikea urged customers to stop using the rapid burner placed in the upper right of any version of the Eldslaga model. It says the decision was "a precautionary measure," adding there have been no reported incidents.
Ikea said Tuesday that customers who bought an Eldslaga, which is sold in 22 European countries, before Jan. 1, 2018 should contact its customer service. It said a home visit by a service technician is required.
The group said the recall came after an investigation by the Belgian market surveillance authorities.
Ikea has more than 300 stores in 27 countries. Its parent company is headquartered in Leiden, the Netherlands.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Donald Trump says North Korean wants to hold a high stakes meeting as soon as possible
BEIJING China's state oil refiners have been granted a combined 1.315 million tonnes of quotas to export refined fuel under so-called general trade terms, three sources familiar with the matter said on Monday.
These permits, mostly for diesel and gasoline, were in addition to the 3.335 million tonnes of quotas allotted to the refiners under a separate, so-called processing trade category, after Beijing agreed to grant tax incentives to exports under general trade terms.
The general-trade quotas were issued in early March with PetroChina (0857.HK) receiving 1 million tonnes and Sinopec Corp 300,000 tonnes, said two of the three sources familiar with the companies' quotas.
CNOOC, which holds less refining capacity, won a quota for 15,000 tonnes as an "experiment", said the third source, who has direct knowledge of CNOOC's trade operations.
These were the second batch of general trade quotas for 2017. In early 2017, PetroChina was the only refiner granted a quota for 600,000 tonnes, said one of the sources.
At the end of March, China also issued its second batch of quotas for 2017 under the prevailing processing, or tolling, rules, lowering the volumes by 73 percent compared to the first round.
State refiners applied for the general trade quotas after the government agreed in late 2016 to grant tax incentives on fuel exports making the terms more attractive since it offers refiners greater flexibility in the volumes and time frames for exporting fuel, said the three sources who are familiar with the rules.
Top Asian refiner Sinopec (0386.HK) said on Friday it exported a diesel cargo to Singapore under the general trade rules for the first time in 13 years.
PetroChina did not win any quotas under the recent round of processing trade quotas, Reuters has reported.
The sources said PetroChina, which imports less crude than rival Sinopec, did not apply for the processing trade quotas but only asked for general trade ones since it see those terms as more attractive.
State oil firms normally do not comment on operational matters.
Under the processing rules, refiners are exempted from import taxes on crude oil and export taxes for oil products, but have a fixed volume and time slots to export, both under the tight scrutiny of Chinese customs, Beijing-based oil traders have said.
Under the general trade category, refiners get tax refunds after exports are completed or get a tax waiver on fuel exports, a policy that Beijing granted in 2016, the three sources said.
(Reporting by Chen Aizhu and Meng Meng in Beijing, Jessica Jaganathan in Singapore)
A show, a friendly meet-up and dinner with your husband: a solid Valentine's Day for Sarah Jessica Parker, who kicked off the night at Narciso Rodriguez.
“How has my fashion week been?” she said. “I mean, I've not been at a lot. Just some friends and this is the last one. But it's been exciting and I'm always happy to be able to come to Narciso's show and Prabal [Gurung] and obviously being at the Calvin Klein show was a real treat.”
Parker called the Calvin Klein show “thrilling” and offered her thoughts on the bigger picture. “I really thought it was exciting for outsiders frankly, you know what I mean? To come and reinterpret American fashion,” she said. “I think it's good for us and I think it's very exciting for the industry. I was really thrilled with what I saw. Frankly it was just – it was extremely exciting. I'm happy that they're here and I'm a longtime admirer of the brand and the house. I felt really lucky. I was sitting next to Anna [Wintour] and Grace [Coddington] and I just said, ‘Wow, we get to say we were there that day.'”
But, as the night was ultimately about Rodriguez, Parker expressed her excitement to support her “dear, dear old friend. “I'm really happy to be here tonight for Narciso,” she said. “I'm gonna run out of here and meet my friend and eventually my husband for dinner.”
Raf Simons took his seat next to Parker shortly afterwards. He had missed the kind words Parker had for him just minutes before, but perhaps she repeated some of them as they embraced and chatted until the show started.
When asked about his state of mind post-show, Simons said, “Nice relief I have to say. It's still a bit busy now, like, lots of people want to come back to the showroom, see the collection. Meeting them very quietly and calmly, but I have to say I can't wait to go on holiday.” Can't we all?
WASHINGTON — President Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25% tariff on imported steel, and a 10% tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
“Realistically, I do not think we can hope” to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, “I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports.”
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday. The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war – a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be “united and firm.”
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security.
“Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing,” French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
More: European Union tells President Trump to stop threatening it with tariffs and negotiate
Related: Trump calls for new tariffs on imported cars and trucks, escalating trade wars
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: “These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. … One can think about making voters happy by saying, ‘I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'”
But Macron said those “who waged bilateral trade wars … saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment.”
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
“There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs,” he said. He noted that “China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate.”
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being “constructive” and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
“We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly,” he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying “the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence” and tariffs “would negatively influence investment and jobs.”
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
This research study on the Global Chemical Transfer Pump Market offers detailed and insightful information on major regional markets and related sub-markets. The information is gathered via both, but not limited to, extensive secondary research and primary research. The major secondary data sources referred for collecting information include industry journals, white papers, databases, company reports, and up-to-date press releases among others. The study also comprises factors driving and inhibiting the development of chemical transfer pump market. The key opportunity areas and trends prevalent in this market are also been compiled in this study. The current size of this market and its predicted market size by the end of forecast period have been highlighted through this study.
Download Table of Content@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/tentative-table-of-content/688
The report has been studied in terms of key market segments and sub-segments. The information on currently leading market segments and sub-segments and the reasons for this growth have been emphasized in the scope of this study. An extensive analysis of chemical transfer pump market has been encapsulated on the basis of estimations of key market segments in the forecast horizon. In addition, the technological developments that took place in the market and those predicted to take place in coming years have also been outlined through this study.
The projections presented in this study on chemical transfer pump market have been made by analyzing market's future potential and prevalent trends. The market's growth in various geographies has been studied in detail under this report. The top regions in this market and the reasons for the growth in that particular region have been outlined in the report. Further, the report presents competitive landscape of the chemical transfer pump market, covering information on the market share/positioning analysis of leading players in the market. Under this section, the prime strategies of key players, their strengths and weaknesses, and contributions in market growth are discussed. These players are also evaluated on the basis of attributes such as revenue, gross, product overview, and contact information.
Report Coverage
Market Chemical Transfer Pump Market Analysis Period 2015 – 2026 Historic Data 2015 – 2016 Base Year 2017 Forecast Data 2018 – 2026 Market Stratification Product, End User, Geography Regional Scope North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa (MEA) Report Coverage Market Trends, Drivers, Restraints, Porter's Five Forces Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Player Profiling, Value Chain Analysis
Our expert team will assist and customize the report so that it best fit your exact requirement, Click Here@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/request-customization/688
The major market segments of global chemical transfer pump market are as below:
Market By Product
AC Transfer Pump
DC Transfer Pump
Hand Transfer Pump
Market By End user
Chemical Industry
Transportation
Other
Market By Geography
North America
U.S.
Canada
Mexico
Europe
UK
France
Germany
Rest of Europe
Asia-Pacific
China
Japan
India
Australia
Rest of Asia-Pacific
Latin America
Brazil
Chile
Rest of LATAM
Middle East and Africa (MEA)
South Africa
Saudi Arabia
Rest of MEA
Market Players
Some of the major players involved in chemical transfer pump market include Fill-Rite, GPI, Piusi, Graco, Intradin Machinery Co. Ltd, YuanHeng Machine Co. Ltd. and DAYTON among others.
Inquiry Before Buying@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/inquiry-before-buying/688
Buy this premium research report@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/buy-now/0/688
Would like to place an order or any question, please feel free to contact at sales@acumenresearchandconsulting.com
About Us
Acumen Research and Consulting (ARC) is a global provider of market intelligence and consulting services to information technology, investment, telecommunication, manufacturing, and consumer technology markets. ARC helps investment communities, IT professionals, and business executives to make fact based decisions on technology purchases and develop firm growth strategies to sustain market competition. With the team size of 100+ Analysts and collective industry experience of more than 200 years, Acumen Research and Consulting assures to deliver a combination of industry knowledge along with global and country level expertise.
TURANGI, New Zealand — New Zealanders still don't know who will next lead their country after a final vote count from a general election held two weeks ago tightened the close race between liberals and incumbent conservatives.
Election officials on Saturday released the final 17 per cent of the vote tally, including votes cast by people who were outside of their district or overseas during the election. The conservative National Party ended with 44 per cent of the vote, while the liberal bloc of the Labour Party and the Green Party ended with a combined 43 per cent.
Negotiations to form the next government will now begin in earnest.
Both sides will need to talk with the small New Zealand First party, led by maverick 72-year-old lawmaker Winston Peters. That party finished with 7 per cent of the vote, leaving it holding the balance of power.
Peters hasn't indicated which of the larger parties he favours. A former National Party lawmaker, Peters has formed coalitions in the past with both National and Labour.
In the 120-seat parliament, the votes translate to 56 seats for National, 46 for Labour, nine for New Zealand First and eight for the Green Party. The final vote count gave both Labour and the Green Party one extra seat apiece over their election night tally. Those came at the expense of the National Party, which lost two seats.
Prime Minister Bill English said voters had clearly favoured National over Labour and he looked forward to engaging with Peters so National could lead a strong and stable government.
The National Party has held power for the past nine years.
"Not since 1969 has the National Party finished ahead of the Labour opposition at four successive elections, and I want to thank everyone involved in this historic achievement," English said in a statement.
Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said she welcomed the final tally.
Butler is outraged by the state Board of Elections' decision to comply
During the state Board of Elections meeting on Wednesday, the commissioner said the board had received a request for the state's voter records and the board has voted to release the requested information.
In response, Henry Butler, candidate for New York City Council District 41, issued this statement:
“President Trump's request for voter records and his allegations of voter fraud are a thinly veiled attack on the civil rights of America's most historically disenfranchised communities. I am outraged by the Board of Elections' decision to comply with this alarming request by the Trump Administration. The president is projecting his insecurity over losing the popular vote in last year's election onto the people of New York State and his unfounded claims of widespread voter fraud should not be dignified by any respectable agency. Jim Crow policies have no place in New York or anywhere, and I will not stand idly by as President Trump tramples on decades of progress in pursuit of his ignorant brand of prejudice.
While this data release will not include sensitive information, including Social Security numbers, no New Yorker should take solace in that, especially if they're a person of color. Black Americans have been historically targeted at the polls and we all saw the Republicans' reprehensible but effective tactics to suppress the Black vote in 2016. The intention of this administration is to ramp up voter suppression tactics, and they will stop at nothing.
The president's voter fraud assertion will be proven to be an outright lie, but we cannot let our voting rights be a casualty in this madness. While he obsesses about a problem that doesn't exist, let's turn our attention to making it easier to vote by joining the ranks of other states with early voting periods and enacting automatic registration for those turning 18 years old.
We must protect the sanctity of the private vote and there is no one I trust less with this information than President Trump. He proves on a daily basis that he is unfit for the office he serves, and I strongly condemn the choice made by the Board of Elections to put New York voters' information in his custody.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
VILLANOVA, Pa. (AP) - Big East freshman of the year Omari Spellman is staying in the NBA draft after helping Villanova win the national championship.
The school announced Spellman's decision Wednesday, the final day of the NCAA deadline for players who haven't hired an agent to withdraw from the draft and return to school. Spellman joins Donte DiVincenzo, Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges as Wildcats who left the champs for the NBA with eligibility remaining.
Spellman enrolled at Villanova in the fall of 2016 after attending St. Thomas More in Connecticut for his final season of prep basketball. After sitting out the 2016-17 season as an academic redshirt, Spellman averaged 10.9 points and 8.0 rebounds as the Wildcats set a school record with 36 victories. Spellman connected on 43 percent of his 3-pointers and led the Wildcats with 59 blocked shots.
"The NBA people I have spoken with have been impressed with Omari's maturity and potential as a player," coach Jay Wright said. "He made a great impact on our program and we're thrilled that his efforts have led him to this opportunity."
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
LOS ANGELES (AP) — DeMarcus Cousins had 40 points and 12 rebounds, and the Sacramento Kings hung on to beat the Los Angeles Lakers 97-96 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win.
Lou Williams scored 29 points off the bench to lead the Lakers, who rallied from 13 down early in the fourth quarter and tied the game 91-all on his 3-pointer with 1:31 to play.
Los Angeles pulled even twice more, including on another 3 by Williams, but couldn't overcome Cousins, who scored the final 10 points for Sacramento.
Williams' potential game-winning 3 went wide right of the basket at the buzzer. He was 4 of 11 from long range.
The Lakers got within two in the third only to have the Kings run off nine points in a row and extend their lead to 68-57. Williams made a 3 and another basket, and Larry Nance Jr. scored to cut Sacramento's lead to 70-64 heading into the fourth.
Cousins scored 12 points in the opening quarter when the Kings dominated in the paint, 20-8, and shot 67 percent.
Darren Collison, who finished with 13 points, scored five in a 10-0 run during the second quarter. Nick Young's 3-pointer got the Lakers within two at halftime.
TIP-INS
Kings: Own a 2-1 lead in the season series. … The twin sons of G Matt Barnes had second-row seats behind Lakers co-owner Jeanie Buss. … G Ty Lawson sat out with a left adductor magnus strain. … Also out were F Omri Casspi, F Rudy Gay and G Garrett Temple.
Lakers: With three days between games, the team practiced once and participated in a hot yoga session. Coach Luke Walton said his only request to the players was not to leave if they didn't like the activity. “Just lie there and enjoy the silence,” he advised them. … Denzel Washington and his wife shared a Valentine's Day meal of hot dogs and popcorn. … Dodgers outfielder Yasiel Puig laughed it up courtside and posed for selfies.
MAGIC'S INFLUENCE
Magic Johnson, newly hired as an adviser to Buss, has been talking to the media about his role with the team.
He is set to meet next week with GM Mitch Kupchak and co-owner and executive vice president of basketball operations Jim Buss. Walton anticipates meeting with Johnson at some future date.
“Magic and I will sit down and talk,” Walton said. “I'm excited about it.”
Johnson has said one of his first calls would be to Kobe Bryant to see if the retired Lakers superstar would like any kind of role with the team.
Walton said he's spoken to Bryant this season, but there were no plans to bring him in.
“He's given me advice on ways to work with some of these young, talented guys,” Walton said. “Trying to tap into the best way to communicate and get (through) to them.”
UP NEXT
Kings: At Golden State on Wednesday in their last game before the All-Star break. The Kings are 4-8 in the second game of a back-to-back.
Lakers: At Phoenix on Wednesday before the break begins. The Lakers are 3-9 in the second game of a back-to-back.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Tulsa-Arkansas Box
ARKANSAS 67, TULSA 41
TULSA (4-6)
Polk 4-11 0-1 8, Dickson 3-10 1-1 7, Lescay 0-5 0-0 0, Perez 1-8 0-0 2, Wakefield 3-8 0-0 6, Elliott 1-5 4-6 6, Scales 0-2 0-0 0, Brady 0-6 2-2 2, Butler 2-3 0-0 4, Gaulden 0-3 0-0 0, Parker 2-7 0-0 6, Richards 0-1 0-0 0, Totals 16-69 7-10 41.
ARKANSAS (7-3)
Williams 6-9 1-4 13, Cosper 5-16 0-0 11, Mason 5-11 0-0 11, Monk 4-10 4-4 14, Zimmerman 2-6 2-3 6, Stout 0-0 0-0 0, Thomas 1-3 1-2 4, Weaver 0-1 0-0 0, Northcross-Baker 0-4 1-4 1, Spangler 0-0 0-0 0, Swenson 2-7 2-2 7, Totals 25-67 11-19 67.
Tulsa 12 12 7 10 —41 Arkansas 21 14 13 19 —67
3-Point Goals_Tulsa 2-16 (Dickson 0-1, Perez 0-3, Wakefield 0-1, Brady 0-2, Gaulden 0-2, Parker 2-6, Richards 0-1), Arkansas 6-29 (Cosper 1-9, Mason 1-4, Monk 2-4, Zimmerman 0-3, Thomas 1-1, Northcross-Baker 0-3, Swenson 1-5). Assists_Tulsa 5 (Perez 2), Arkansas 13 (Mason 6). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Tulsa 39 (Polk 8), Arkansas 61 (Cosper 11). Total Fouls_Tulsa 16, Arkansas 10. A_1,242.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Ottawa police have issued a new appeal for assistance in the search for Nicole Lenz, 43, who was last seen in the Merivale and Carling area in February.
She's described as white, standing five feet six inches tall, with a medium build, long brown hair and brown eyes.
Police believe she is no longer wearing a yellow jacket shown in handout photographs.
If you have information on her whereabouts, call Ottawa police at 613-236-1222. If you do not know her whereabouts but have information to assist the investigation, please call the Ottawa Police Service missing persons unit at 613-236-1222, ext. 2355.
Tips can also be called in toll-free to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477, or through the Ottawa police mobile app.
× Crash in Dunmore Sends One to the Hospital
DUNMORE — A collision in Dunmore sent one man to the hospital.
Two cars collided at the intersection of West Grove Street and Monroe Avenue around 11 a.m. Saturday morning.
One of the drivers was sent to the hospital with minor injuries.
According to police, the driver in the white car had been reported missing for nearly three years.
Officers on scene told Newswatch 16 the man is not missing and was listed that way due to an error.
Share. First 4 Figures' new statue looks just like the character. First 4 Figures' new statue looks just like the character.
Following in the footsteps of its Crash Bandicoot statue, First 4 Figures has revealed an impressively detailed Aku Aku mask statue at New York Comic Con.
F4F's Aku Aku, who has been with the franchise since its inception, is incredibly faithful to the Crash character, as seen in the gallery below:
Crash Bandicoot Aku Aku First 4 Figures Statue 6 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 6 Crash Bandicoot Aku Aku First4Figures Statue 01 6 Crash Bandicoot Aku Aku First4Figures Statue Crash Bandicoot Aku Aku First 4 Figures Statue Download Image Captions ESC
No final release date has been revealed, but the statue looks to be a great addition to any Crash fan's collection following the release of Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy earlier this year.
For more on the return of Crash Bandicoot, read IGN's review of the N. Sane Trilogy, and then find out what developer Vicarious Visions had to say about why the Crash Bandicoot remake is harder than the original.
And for more from NYCC, be sure to check out this heart-breaking Hodor statue, the chillest Spider-Man statue at NYCC, and learn more about The Walking Dead creator's new comic. New Pokémon Mega Construx sets and Star Wars: The Last Jedi figures have also been revealed.
IGN is keeping up with all the best cosplay from NYCC, too — check out our cosplay gallery, updated throughout the weekend, as well as the cosplay video below.
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find him on Twitter @jmdornbush.
Galleries
Collection
There were several things on Amy Smilovic's mind when designing resort. First, the final season of “Mad Men,” when Don Draper and crew had gone to California only to come back to the harsh reality of New York. Second, how does one keep the color, and upbeat vibe of a mid-winter vacation alive in her urban wardrobe? And third, how to keep the collection elevated?
The lineup was awash in quirky, Sixties colors — sour green, saturated lavender and pink, bright blue — used to pop against offbeat neutrals like slate brown. They were used on easy, sophisticated shapes and shown in combinations that took any color intimidation factor down a notch. The silhouettes and fabrics were meant to be “buy now, wear forever,” said Smilovic, noting that a draped shirtdress layered under a cashmere sweater or cardigan — a big silhouette in the lineup — could make it through 12 months a year.
There were spare oversize blazers and dresses with wrap-around leather belts. Midi lace dresses in pink and green had athletic details to keep them in the tomboy zone, as Smilovic likes it. A fluid shirtdress was done in a green and white Hawaiian print. A quilted trench and ironic retro plaid jacket and trench skirt offered a wink at Sixties daywear updated for the 21st century. A blue jacket and asymmetric skirt done in soft glove leather were there to offer color and fun functionality but also to elevate the line. “A lot of the natural fibers are really skyrocketing in price, but I think it's an important element in the collection to keep it elevated,” Smilovic said of the leather, which was also used on frame bags.
---------- Advertisement ----------
--------------------
Milke Bhi Hum Na Mile title song mp3 download | Milke Bhi Hum Na Mile mp3 download
Mil Ke Bhi Hum Na Mile is a 2012 Pakistani drama serial directed by Faisal Bokhari and written by Huma Kaukab Bukhari, It is aired on Geo TV, starring Natasha Ali, Babar Ali, Nadeem Baig, Saba Faysal, Asad Malik, Zara Akbar and Imram Bukhari
(narjis khan) as Fauzia
Zara Akbar as Mehru
Natasha Ali as Zareena/Gauri
Babar Ali as Achoo
Nadeem Baig as Pir Syed Jalal udin
Saba Faysal as Nazri Beigum
Asad Malik as Rajab Ali
Imran Bukhari as Haider Ali
Beena Chauhdary as Hameedan
Milke bhi Hum na Mile mp3 free download, Milke bhi hum na mile atif aslam mp3 download
Angela Couloumbis covers state government in Harrisburg. She has been a reporter at the Inquirersince 1996, covering city government, courts and neighborhoods in Philadelphia and Camden, and the governors and governments of New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
HARRISBURG — A onetime top prosecutor has pleaded guilty in a wide-ranging corruption case that included charges that he protected female drug dealers from prosecution in exchange for sexual favors, the state Attorney General's Office announced Wednesday.
Former Bedford County District Attorney William J. Higgins Jr. pleaded guilty to more than two dozen corruption charges, including multiple counts of obstructing the administration of justice and official oppression. Higgins, a graduate of Cardinal Dougherty High School, in Northeast Philadelphia, had also been accused of tipping off dealers about confidential police informants.
He resigned his position after his arrest last month, and with his guilty plea, will lose his law license and his pension, Attorney General Josh Shapiro said Wednesday.
“Former District Attorney Higgins traded his power and law enforcement authority for sexual favors and he violated his oath to the people of Bedford County – compromising the security of his community,” Shapiro said. “As Attorney General, I will not allow any person in power to abuse their public office.”
According to the criminal complaint, Higgins offered favorable treatment, including lighter sentences and reduced bail, to women with whom he was having sex. In one instance, he refused to approve a search warrant for the house of a female drug dealer with whom he was involved.
Prosecutors also said Higgins revealed the identities of confidential informants to known drug dealers, endangering the lives of the informants and hindering pending investigations.
While under investigation, Higgins also asked three key witnesses in the case to refuse to cooperate with law enforcement, and instructed them to lie if asked about their intimate relationships with him.
The case against Higgins was the result of a joint investigation between the Attorney General's Office and the Pennsylvania State Police. The case was prosecuted by Senior Deputy Attorney General Tomm Mutschler.
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — TCU backup quarterback Foster Sawyer says he is transferring, although he doesn't say to which school.
He posted a tweet Monday that read “Thank You TCU!” and included a note that said he would be leaving.
Sawyer played in 12 games the past two seasons. He completed 37 of 82 passes (45 percent) for 433 yards with three touchdowns and four interceptions.
After redshirting in 2014, Sawyer played behind Trevone Boykin in 2015 and Kenny Hill this season. Hill still has another season to play for the Horned Frogs, who finished 6-7 after their loss in the Liberty Bowl.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Probiotics Supplement Market is expected to grow at an exponential CAGR in the years to come. Growing inclination toward precautionary healthcare, together with essential fitness profits of probiotics is expected to help the progress of the market above the prediction period. The Probiotics are hale and hearty bacteria that pay back the body when taken in adequate quantity. Probiotics nutritional supplements are the additions produced by integrating a number of rinsing of probiotics to extravagance or stop the incidence of illnesses. The manufacturing companies have established custom-made merchandises to suit varied consumer necessities. The Probiotic supplements are utilized for preserving a tougher resistant arrangement, appropriate ingestion, healthier energy for the work, hale and hearty skin and avoidance of oral sicknesses. These supplements are originating to take slight or no side effect on humanoid body.
View Full Report with TOC @ https://www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-supplement-market
The Key Factor That Drives the Growth of Probiotics Supplement Market Research Report by Trends, Applications, Analysis, Growth, and Forecast: 2017 to 2026
Top Key Manufacturers of Probiotics Supplement market are :-
CVS/pharmacy
Nature's Way
Nature's Bounty
Botanic Choice
Renew Life
Jarrow Formulas
Rainbow Light
Probiotics Supplement Market by Product Type:
Capsules
Chewables
Others
Probiotics Supplement Market by Applications:
Child
Adult
Geographical Analysis of Probiotics Supplement Market:-
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
The division of the international Probiotics Supplement Market on the source of Type of Product spans Probiotic Drops, Tablet, Capsule, and Powder Stick Pack. The division of the international Probiotics Supplement Market on the source of Distribution Channel extends: Online Stores, supermarkets, and Pharmacy. The division of the international Probiotics Supplement Market on the source of Area with respect to Trades in terms of intake, Profits, Market stake and Development percentage of Probiotics Supplement spans The U.S., Europe, Japan, India, China, and Southeast Asia.
Europe rules the international market. Strong alertness of the end users on the subject of usage of probiotics, easy obtainability, and the existence of most important companies involved in the production of the probiotics supplements and their motivation in the direction of product improvement are estimated to perform the important part in the speedy progress of the market. Asia-Pacific is fast catching up as rapidly developing probiotic supplement market. Growing inhabitants and increasing lifestyle, due to the growth in per head earnings, are the important causes for the demand. The statement revises Trades in terms of intake of Probiotics Supplement in the international market; particularly in the U.S., Europe, Japan, India, China and Southeast Asia. It concentrates on the topmost companies operating in these regions.
Request a Sample Copy of This Report @ https://www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-supplement-market/request-sample
Get in touch
At A Million Insights, we work with the aim to reach the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Our representatives strive to understand diverse client requirements and cater to the same with the most innovative and functional solutions.
Contact Person:
Ryan Manuel
Research Support Specialist, USA
Email: ryan@millioninsights.com
A Million Insights
Office No. 302, 3rd Floor, Manikchand Galleria,
Model Colony, Shivaji Nagar, Pune, MH, 411016 India
tel: 91-20-65300184
Email: sales@millioninsights.com
Visit Our Blog: www.millioninsights.blogspot.com
OLD MEDIA, NEW MEDIA: The chasm between traditional print businesses and newer digital ones is yawning wider, with the former eager to downsize operations, offload assets and pump up marquee titles, with the latter in aggressive growth mode.
On Friday, Vice Media announced the appointment of Tammy Smulders as president of its fashion group, underscoring the company's growing investment in the fashion, beauty and luxury market.
Vice Media's titles include i-D and Garage, and the company said Friday it plans to offer new products across digital, creative, data insights, communications and entertainment that it said “will lead the charge in a new era of how fashion content is produced and distributed.”
Matt Elek, chief executive officer EMEA at Vice, said: “We want to predict the curve of the industry rather than follow it,” and pointed to Smulders background as global managing director at Havas LuxHub.
The Vice announcement comes weeks after Time Inc. revealed as part of an SEC filing that the company is “pursuing divestiture opportunities” with respect to several assets including Time Inc. U.K., home to more than 60 consumer and specialist titles including Wallpaper, InStyle, Marie Claire U.K., Woman and Home, and Horse & Hound.
In the SEC filing, dated Sept. 22, Time also said it was interested in selling a majority stake in Essence, and the Sunset, Coastal Living and Golf brands. The company estimates that those assets represent, in the aggregate, approximately $488 million, or 17 percent, of its total revenues for the 12-month period ended June 30, 2017.
The company said is having not entered into any definitive agreements and that the sale processes “are at different stages.” It said it could announce a transaction as early as the fourth quarter of 2017.
A spokeswoman for Time Inc. declined to comment further on the sale process, and on a report by Sky News that Morgan Stanley is handling the sale of the U.K. division, and that the media giant is already in advanced talks with the private equity firm Epiris. An Epiris spokesman also declined to comment.
Sky said the headline value of a deal for Time Inc U.K., is likely to be in the region of 200 million pounds, although a “substantial” pension deficit could hamper a sale. Epiris' portfolio includes TGI Fridays restaurants, the Hollywood Bowl Group of bowling alleys and Hotter Shoes, the shoe manufacturer and retailer.
According to its web site, Epiris is seeking investment opportunities for Epiris Fund II, which has the capacity to commit 200 million pounds to any new investment.
If Epiris does buy Time Inc U.K., it will be entering into a fierce marketplace, where digitally driven media companies such as Vice are all fighting to forge editorial and content partnerships with fashion and lifestyle brands that are flush with cash and eager for editorial style advertorials and marketing materials.
Time Inc. U.K. has already been trying to get a piece of the commercial action: Last year it launched its first retail venture called Fabled by Marie Claire, a beauty and wellness e-commerce site.
At the same time, it has struggled to extend the brand appeal of other titles: A year ago, it announced plans to terminate its physical edition and relaunch as a digital-only brand with the December 2016 issue the final one.
By The Associated Press
Minnesota 2 1 0 1—4 San Jose 0 1 2 0—3
First Period_1, Minnesota, Murphy 1 (Staal, Zucker), 4:19 (pp). 2, Minnesota, Staal 11 (Granlund, Suter), 10:27.
Second Period_3, Minnesota, Staal 12 (Murphy, Granlund), 4:58. 4, San Jose, Burns 3 (Hertl, Thornton), 19:07 (pp).
Third Period_5, San Jose, Burns 4 (Pavelski), 2:41 (pp). 6, San Jose, Hertl 7 (DeMelo, Heed), 14:59.
Overtime_7, Minnesota, Niederreiter 10, 3:26.
Shots on Goal_Minnesota 7-8-7-2_24. San Jose 10-9-14-1_34.
Power-play opportunities_Minnesota 1 of 3; San Jose 2 of 7.
Goalies_Minnesota, Stalock 3-3-1 (34 shots-31 saves). San Jose, Jones 11-7-2 (24-20).
A_17,205 (17,562). T_2:36.
Referees_Trevor Hanson, Jon Mclsaac. Linesmen_Ryan Gibbons, Tim Nowak.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Galleries
Collection
Lela Rose is all about occasion dressing. That doesn't strictly mean black tie fare, though she'll argue her dresses have a formal enough quality to make a pass. She designs for work-to-dinner, luncheons, dinner parties; in a nutshell, her lifestyle. What she's gravitated toward personally is a sense of unfussy elegance. “Pieces that you throw on and don't feel too buttoned-up or restricted in,” the designer said in her showroom. Her designs toe the line of polished, elegant femininity; for pre-fall, she also drew from men's wear.
It all started with a scrap piece of glen plaid Rose has always kept but hasn't been able to use. Her customers want flirty and romantic, so the challenge has been translating the plaid into something feminine and approachable. She delivered on some great light and airy plaid dresses in chiffon, ripstop taffeta and slipdresses with little ties — in a soft palette of pink, green, blue and lavender. A fluid gown bringing in all the colors had great motion and drawstring ties to adjust the waistline. Most modern was a wide-shouldered wrap top paired with embroidered pants; it was a cool take on less formal evening.
Elsewhere, feminine touches provided some novelty. There were little bow details running up the back of a gown or dangling as playful earrings, removable dickey collars on a shift dress, dimensional soutache embroidery on a peplum top and dress, and guipure lace inserts on the balloon sleeves of a button-down.
Derek Mackarel has been nominated for this year's Motorsport Ireland Billy Coleman Young Rally Driver Award for his performances in March and April.
The 22 year-old from Stone Bridge, near Clones, Co Monaghan, drove his Vauxhall Nova to victory in the Junior class of the Munster Moonraker Forestry Rally in Cork, finishing 16th overall in a field packed with four-wheel drive cars. Derek backed this up by his runner-up position in the Limerick Forestry Junior section, taking 14th overall on that occasion.
Derek began his motorsport career at the age of fourteen, and already has two national titles under his belt. In 2014, he won the National Autocross series, aged eighteen, and earlier this year, he was the winning driver in the Navigation Trial Championship, along with his regular navigator Muireann Hayes.
He plans on contesting the remaining Forestry Championship rallies this year, and would also like to tackle the Autocross series, as he has already won the opening round a few weeks ago.
His most memorable performances to date have been his two National titles, and also his and Muireann's win in the 2016/17 Munster Navigation Trial Championship.
Derek is in the third year of four, as an apprentice toolmaker. He is sponsored by DMRR, Gordon Automotive, Kegs Direct Ireland, Mackarel Garden Products, and Conlon Travel.
Five bi-monthly winners are selected from January-February, through to September-October, along with the highest placed eligible drivers from both the Junior Championship in the Triton Showers National series and the Junior category in the Valvoline National Forestry Championship, and a wildcard selection, as the award finalists.
The winner of the Motorsport Ireland Billy Coleman Young Rally Driver of the Year Award receives €50,000 worth of support to contest rallies nationally & internationally in 2019 along with the support of Billy Coleman co-ordinator, Sean McHugh, while the two runners-up will receive free entries into a number of MI permitted events in 2019, along with co-ordinator support.
COLUMBUS, Ga – Brookstone alum James Clark leads the 88th Southeastern Amateur Golf Tournament after a first round 7-under 63 at the Country Club of Columbus. The Columbus, Georgia native, a senior at Georgia Tech, has a two-shot lead over Jonathan Hardee and Patrick Moriarty.
22 players finished the first round under par. Auburn, Alabama native Davis Thompson and Columbus' Ben Carr both finished 1-under after round one.
Complete round results and round two tee times can be found here.
The Southeastern Amateur Tournament was created in 1922 by Fred Haskins. It annually hosts many of the top amateur golfers from the Southeast.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May, even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty caused by rising trade tensions.
The Fed said Wednesday that its survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the central bank's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity and a third of those districts describing manufacturing conditions as "strong."
The survey was taken after the Trump administration announced plans to institute tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum, actions designed to boost domestic producers.
It will inform discussions when the central bank meets next month, when it is expected to raise rates.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ 5-5 L-3 7-6 6-6 6-6 New York 12 13 .480 9½ 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Southeast Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Washington 14 12 .538 — 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Miami 12 13 .480 1½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 4 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Central Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Cleveland 19 8 .704 — 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 16 11 .593 3 7-3 W-4 10-4 6-7 11-6 Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Chicago 5 20 .200 13 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 5-5 L-1 6-7 7-6 9-10 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½ 4-6 L-3 5-10 2-10 5-13 Northwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Minnesota 16 11 .593 — 6-4 W-2 9-4 7-7 13-5 Denver 14 12 .538 1½ 5-5 L-1 10-2 4-10 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 2 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 Utah 13 14 .481 3 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 3 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 Pacific Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Golden State 21 6 .778 — 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½ 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The much-awaited sequel to Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania is finally here! Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt returns as a pair in the second film of the Dulhania franchise. We present to you the complete audio jukebox of Badrinath Ki Dulhania.
Badrinath Ki Dulhania has a total of five tracks. These include Aashiq Surrender Hua (sung by Amaal Mallik and Shreya Ghoshal), Roke Na Ruke Naina (sung by Arijit Singh), Humsafar (sung by Akhil Sachdeva), Badri Ki Dulhania – Tiltle Song (sung by Dev Negi, Neha Kakkar, Monali Thakur and Ikka) and Tamma Tamma Again (sung by Bappi Lahiri, Anuradha Paudwal and Badshah).
The music has been composed by Amaal Mallik, Akhil Sachdeva, Tanishk Bagchi and Bappi Lahiri. The lyrics have been penned by Shabbir Ahmed, Kumaar, Akhil Sachdeva, Indeevar and Badshah.
Enjoy the complete jukebox right here:
Badrinath Ki Dulhania is written and directed by Shashank Khaitan and produced by Hiroo Johar, Karan Johar and Apoorva Mehta.
It is slated to hit theatres on 10th March.
Following yesterday's teaser image, we now have a complete look at the Geely MPV concept set to make its public debut in Shanghai. Featuring somewhat European appearance, it's a study of an attractive family people-mover with enough room for five passengers and, possibly, even a seven-seat configuration.
At the front, we see Geely's trademarked concentric radiator grille, flanked by sweptback headlights and underlined by a decorative chrome strip. The bumper is dominated by a massive air intake, surrounded by sleek LED daytime running lights.
Moving around to the side we can see pronounced wheel arches with big, probably 19- or 20-inch, multi-spoke two-tone wheels with low-profile tires. The B-, C-, and D-pillars are all blacked out and, combined with the panoramic roof, create a very roomy atmosphere. At the back, there's a pair of slim taillights joined by a thin chrome bar.
If you virtually go through the suicide doors into the cabin, you'll definitely notice the large center console where different controls with no physical buttons are located. A large tablet-style display on the dashboard gives access to the vehicle's infotainment functions.
We still don't have information what powers the study, but we won't be surprised if we see an electric or hybrid powertrain. Also, at this point it's not clear whether Geely plans to put the MPV into production as a replacement for the Emgrand EV8.
Read also: Geely Goes Against SUV Trend With MPV Concept
Source: Geely via Paultan
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Minersville is 9-1 in State softball championship games. The Battlin' Miners last softball title came in 2014, when this current class of Seniors were Freshman. Of course, several key members of the undefeated State Championship basketball team and assisting this run, three months later. Deja Vu!
VERSAILLES — Versailles Exempted Village School District has teamed up with the Versailles Council of Churches to help some local families out for the holidays.
One annual project had The Versailles Future Farmers of America (FFA) chapter collecting toys for its annual toy collection. These new toys, for ages baby to 16, were collected through December 12 from with within the Versailles area. The toys will be distributed to the families served through the Versailles Council of Churches. Any extra new toys that are not distributed through the Council of Churches will be given to St. Denis Catholic Church, Rustic Hope and Dayton Children's Hospital, and will be distributed through their sharing program of these groups, Versailles Agriculture Education and FFA Adviser Dena Wuebker said. Slightly used toys were also collected and distributed through the “Marines Toys for Tots Collection”, and will be given to surrounding counties, according to Wuebker.
Another charitable activity involves the Versailles Interact Club. The Interact Club, an extension of Rotary, is a service organization. The Versailles chapter is comprised of about 125 Versailles high school students in grades 9-12. The group seeks to encourage young people to take an active interest in community life, participate directly in their community and develop leadership skills in the process, according to Versailles High School Social Studies Teacher/Interact Adviser Amy Carman. The members are required to help with at least two activities during the school year, involving volunteering for projects or fundraising activities. Each year the club sponsors a family through the Versailles Council of Churches. The club has been sponsoring a family for many years, Carman said.
“The Council of Churches asks each year and we accept,” Carman said. “The members and I shop for the family(s) we sponsor, so that they may enjoy a happy and joyous Christmas with more of their needs being met. We often shop for toys and clothes for the children, and have a grand time putting together the gifts that we hope will make them smile on Christmas Day.”
Versailles Council of Churches President Dan Brown is new to the presidency this year, but has been involved with the council about 15 years.
“It's a great feeling when all of the churches around here work together as one in a community like this,” he said. “I think it is absolutely fantastic. A lot of churches have differences, but we come together to help people.”
The Versailles Council of Churches includes the following churches: Holy Family Catholic Church in Frenchtown; St. Denis Catholic Church in Versailles, St. Louis Catholic Church in North Star, St. Nicholas Catholic Church in Osgood, Living Waters Ministries Community Church in Versailles, Trinity Lutheran Church in Versailles, St. Paul Lutheran Church in North Star, St. Paul Lutheran Church in Willowdell, Versailles Christian Church, Versailles United Methodist Church and Webster United Methodist Church.
According to Brown, sponsored families receive gifts and food. In addition to the schools and churches, many businesses also sponsor families. So far 25 families in the Versailles area are sponsored this year. In addition to the toy drive, some of the other efforts include: the on-going food pantry; a food drive, involving the boy and girl scout clubs and a community luncheon.
“Versailles is a great community,” Brown said. “When we need something; they pull in.”
Versailles Interact Club President and senior Kari Mangen said she finds the family sponsorship very worthwhile.
“Everyone deserves a good Christmas,” she said. “It is awesome that we can provide kids that wouldn't usually get the best Christmas, with gifts and joy during the holiday season.”
Versailles Exempted Village School District's Interact Club has teamed up with the Versailles Council of Churches to sponsor a local family for the holidays. Pictured from left to right: Interact Club seniors Treasurer Kenia McEldowney and President Kari Mangen. Versailles Exempted Village School District's Interact Club has teamed up with the Versailles Council of Churches to sponsor a local family for the holidays. Pictured from left to right: Interact Club seniors Treasurer Kenia McEldowney and President Kari Mangen. Carolyn Harmon | The Daily Advocate
By Carolyn Harmon charmon@dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4354. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4354. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
93-year-old fighting for life after being hit by car The West Australian
The Fremantle man was hit by an 80-year-old woman on Parry Street. No charges have been laid.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — One of three people arrested in connection with the June break-in and beating of a Hutchinson woman was sentenced Friday morning to over six years in prison, but was then granted three years on community corrections.
Demetrius Vansyckle was charged with Pleasure Torres and Melissa McGuire in the case.
Vansyckle was convicted of aggravated burglary, aggravated battery and aggravated assault with the case involving the break-in at a home on West 14th on June 6. The three are accused of beating a female victim repeatedly. They also battered the other two occupants.
The sentencing was handed down by Judge Trish Rose.
April 13 Zhejiang Busen Garments Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to invest 34 million yuan to set up an Internet financial assets trading center (JV) in Xi'an city with partners
* Says JV will be capitalized at 100 million yuan and co will hold a 34 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/XMGBHY
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PERTH vice-captain Greg Hire says he's considered the possibility he may have played his last game for his beloved Wildcats.
Hire is one of several Cats players facing free agency over the off-season, along with import trio Bryce Cotton, JP Tokoto and Derek Cooke Jr and Aussies Lucas Walker and Dexter Kernich-Drew.
It's unclear how many of that group will return to the club next season after Perth's semifinal sweep at the hands of Adelaide.
Hire is the sole local product on Perth's roster and has been a key part of building the winning culture at the franchise this decade, with his leadership and locker-room presence highly regarded.
The 30-year-old is desperate to remain at the club where he's won three titles, but said he understood the harsh reality and uncertainty that comes with free agency.
Speaking on the latest edition of The Dribble podcast alongside PerthNow and The West's Chris Robinson, a candid Hire addresses his future, his desire to keep playing, the uncertainty of the coming weeks, and dealing with the emotions of free agency.
You can listen to Hire discuss his future from the 13:36 mark of the above podcast.
The episode also addresses:
Who impressed and who flopped at the club's ‘Wacky Wednesday' celebrations (2:49)
The fallout from the last-minute capitulation against Adelaide (5:39)
Assessing Perth's season as a whole (8:53)
Did the Wildcats cover Matt Knight's loss well enough? (10:22)
The free agency uncertainty impacting several Wildcats including Greg (13:36)
Greg considers the possibility he may have played his last game for Perth (17:34)
Which Aussie free agent would be perfect for the Wildcats to chase? (20:43)
Greg's favourite moment of the season (21:42)
Subscribe on iTunes
BOISE - Coming off their first winning season since 1969, the college of Idaho released this year's schedule that will feature 11 games highlighted by division one Portland State.
The Yotes head into this year on a three-game win streak beginning on the road at Eastern Oregon. The home opener is set for the first of September against Montana tech.
The lone non-conference game of the season will feature big Sky foe Portland State. C of I met their first-ever division one team last season, losing at Northern Colorado. The Coyotes return to spring practice next week with the spring game set for April 20th
2018 College of Idaho Schedule
Aug. 25 at Eastern Oregon, 6 p.m. PDT
Sept. 1 vs. Montana Tech, 1 p.m.
Sept. 8 at Southern Oregon, 1 p.m. PDT
Sept. 15 at Portland State, TBA
Sept. 22 vs. Rocky Mountain, 1 p.m.
Sept. 29 – BYE WEEK
Oct. 6 vs. Carroll (Homecoming), 1 p.m.
Oct. 13 at Montana Tech, 1 p.m.
Oct. 20 vs. Southern Oregon, 1 p.m.
Oct. 27 vs. Eastern Oregon, 1 p.m.
Nov. 3 at Montana Western, Noon
Nov. 10 at MSU-Northern, Noon
Lady Gaga can no longer finish her Joanne World Tour as she continues to struggle with chronic pain disorder fibromyalgia.
The singer, 31, announced on Instagram and Twitter early Saturday that she has chosen to cancel the final ten dates of the European leg of the tour.
“I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it. All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music. My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home,” Gaga said in a statement.
“I love this show more than anything and I love you, but this is beyond my control. London, Manchester, Zurich, Koln, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris, Berlin. And Rio. I promise I will be back in your city, but for now, I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you, forever,” she concluded.
Lady Gaga/Instagram
Fibromyalgia is a disorder affects an estimated 5 million adults, according to the National Institutes of Health. It can cause pain as well as fatigue, headaches and insomnia.
The Joanne World Tour began on August 1, 2017, in Vancouver, Canada, and was scheduled to conclude on Feb. 23 in Berlin, Germany.
RELATED: What to Know About Lady Gaga's Painful Disorder
“Unfortunately, Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted her ability to perform live. As a result, Live Nation and Lady Gaga are announcing the cancellation of the final 10 dates of the European leg of her Joanne World Tour,” a second statement read.
“Last night, with strong support from her medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road. She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that she cannot perform for her European fans, who have waited so patiently,” the statement continued.
Concluding, “She is in the care of expert medical professionals who are working closely with her so she can continue to perform for her fans for years to come.”
Refunds will be available beginning Feb. 6 at the point of purchase.
Lady Gaga on Jan. 28 Christopher Polk/Getty
In September, Gaga revealed she suffers from fibromyalgia and was forced to postpone the European leg of her tour due to her illness. The announcement came just days after she canceled a performance in Brazil.
In 2013, Gaga was forced to cancel several tour dates to have surgery on her broken hip.
The Grammy winner previously opened up about her health struggles in her 2017 documentary, Gaga: Five Foot Two.
Throughout the film, the “Bad Romance” singer is shown undergoing treatments to help ease muscle spasms, which cause her to feel pain on the entire right side of her body. Gaga was often forced to stop working to deal with the pain and the star regularly had multiple people rubbing her muscles and putting ice on her.
“Do I look pathetic?” she asked in one scene, putting her hands over her face to cover her tears. “I'm so embarrassed.”
Gaga's last public appearance was on Sunday at the 60th annual Grammy Awards in New York City.
TORONTO — Tumbling oil prices saw the commodity-heavy Toronto stock index give up some of the week's gains on Friday ahead of the holiday weekend.
The S&P/TSX composite index dropped 47.98 points to 15,728.32, as the November crude contract fell $1.50 to US$49.29 per barrel.
It was a wobbly week of fluctuating optimism and pessimism about OPEC oversupply fears.
Panic resurfaced on Monday following a report from oilfield services company Baker Hughes that more oil drilling rigs went into operation last week after two weeks of declines, and Reuters reported that output of OPEC nations grew in September.
Then earlier on Wednesday, data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration temporarily swayed concerns when it reported that U.S. commercial crude oil inventories decreased by 6.0 million barrels for the week ending Sept. 29. But then later that same day the EIA reported that U.S. crude exports jumped to 1.98 million barrels per day, marking the fourth weekly increase.
"People have started to have some second thoughts or doubts about the ability of OPEC to effectively curtail production enough to push crude higher," said Andrew Pyle, a senior wealth adviser at Scotia Wealth Management. "That will weigh on the markets."
It was last November that OPEC and 10 other oil-producing countries, including Russia, agreed to cut their production until March 2018 in a bid to combat a supply glut and shore up crude prices.
Still, Pyle added, "I don't think the story has really changed for crude oil going into the fourth quarter. We've been hovering around the US$50 mark, global growth remains strong.
"Yeah, we are seeing U.S. production come back — that's eating through the export numbers — but the demand side of it really hasn't changed at all."
Slumping energy stocks also took a toll on U.S. stocks' record high week on Friday, as Wall Street's S&P 500 index gave back 2.74 points to 2,545.49 and the Dow Jones industrial average nudged down 1.72 points to 22,773.67.
The Bank of Canada held its key interest rate target, but hinted that rate hikes
The Bank of Canada is seen in Ottawa on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday, but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter.
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country's big banks — at 1.25 per cent.
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment, but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market ”continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates.”
“Going forward, solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018,” it said.
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track, but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies.
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target, but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data.
“In particular, the bank will continue to assess the economy's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity,” it said.
Related: Bank of Canada holds benchmark interest rate as economic growth moderates
Related: Bank of Canada says Canadians owe $2 trillion as it mulls next rate hike
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday, but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year.
The central bank's statement had “a hawkish tone, suggesting the next rate hike is not far off,” said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto.
“All told, the positives seem to outweigh the negatives,” DePratto wrote in a note to clients.
“Gone was the reference to ‘caution' that typified the last few statements. Today's statement instead chose the term ‘gradual' to describe the approach to policy adjustments. Importantly, interest rate sensitivity and the evolution of economic capacity remained areas of particular focus.”
The central bank's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012.
It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices, but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump.
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer, increases that have prompted the big Canadian banks to raise their prime rates which are used to set the rates charged for variable-rate mortgages and other variable-rate loans.
Its next scheduled interest rate decision is set for July 11 when it will also update its outlook for the economy and inflation in its monetary policy report.
Craig Wong, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
As many of the Senators dispersed to sunny destinations for the team's five-day break, GM Pierre Dorion hit the road himself Monday with a short drive down Hwy. 417 to Montreal.
While many of the players will spend the next four days resting, relaxing and laying on a beach, Dorion will not only be scouting the medal round of the world junior championship at the Bell Centre, he'll also be doing some talking to see if there's any forward depth available to help the Senators.
With three straight losses — including a disappointing 2-1 decision to the Washington Capitals Sunday night at the Verizon Center — the Senators haven't been strong in any aspect of their game since the Christmas break ended on Dec. 27 and they look like a team that could use help up front.
Though Dorion has been active in working the phones, it's fair to say he's mostly been kicking tires up to this point on the trade front. However, there will be no shortage of GMs in Montreal, which means you can expect the level of talk to increase with the trade deadline set for March 1.
The Senators aren't close on anything on the trade front but, who knows, maybe a few options will present themselves while Dorion is in Montreal.
Yes, the Senators are sitting in a playoff position with 44 points through 37 games but heading into Monday night's action they were tied with the Boston Bruins for second place in the Atlantic Division while the Tampa Bay Lightning was two points back and the Toronto Maple Leafs sat three behind.
It's no time for panic but by the time the Senators return from the break Saturday against the Capitals at the Canadian Tire Centre, they could find themselves sitting outside the playoff picture.
Of course, every trade comes with a price and, at this juncture, the ask by GMs isn't usually reasonable because there's really only two teams that are willing to sell off assets — the Arizona Coyotes and Colorado Avalanche.
The Coyotes would like to move forwards Anthony Duclair and unrestricted free agent winger Martin Hanzal while the Avalanche is pretty much willing to talk about anybody but Nathan MacKinnon. The names of Matt Duchene and Gabriel Landeskog have both been at the forefront.
The Senators want to tread carefully because they expect later this month or in early February they're going to get winger Clarke MacArthur back from his post-concussion syndrome. He hasn't played this season after being injured in camp but the hope is he'll get clearance to play soon.
MacArthur still has one more test before he's given the green light and though it was supposed to be conducted before the break, the organization has decided to give him more time to get ready to return.
Make no mistake, the Senators believe getting MacArthur back might be the answer in solving the depth issue without having to give up assets.
“I'm looking at him at practice and I'm thinking what a good player,” said coach Guy Boucher Sunday before facing the Caps. “We've missed him since day one and it's huge, it's gigantic. Some people told me this summer, ‘If he's out, then we're done' and then he was all right (to start camp).
“It was scary. We've been managing without him. The reality is this league is so tough you need your assets and, of course, whenever he'll be ready to play it will make a gigantic difference for us. He's a top-six forward, he plays (penalty kill), power play, plays against the best players, has unbelievable leadership, keeps people accountable.
“There's so much value with that player that the day we get him back is the day I'll do a dance of joy here. In the meantime, we have to take our time and we have to wait until he gets the OK. We don't have it yet.”
MacArthur's teammates know the value in getting him back.
“He's a top-six guy and he probably won't come into that role right away because he'll need time to get his legs and timing,” said winger Bobby Ryan. “It's been a year (since he has played and) although people talk about what a big (player) he is, you've got to give him time to get into the lineup and do things.
“He's an important part of the room so he's going to give us that boost as a veteran with the leadership. Eventually he's going to come into that top-six role and he's going to give us a big boost offensively.”
That's one of the factors Dorion will weigh as he sniffs around for help over the break and that's why he can afford to be methodical in his search.
A Las Vegas man is on a mission to help schools in the Philippines, where in some cases students from several grades are put in the same classroom with one teacher, and supplies are running out.
Scroll for more content...
For over a decade, hundreds of students in the Philippines have been smiling - thanks to the work of Michael Lampkin of Philippine Educational Charities."
"The smiles on their faces are amazing," said Lampkin. "This child who has actually nothing, and you give them something that you have, and it's something so simple."
Lampkin has been collecting used items and sending them to public schools in the Philippines.
"They're only making, especially at the province at that time, 3 dollars a day if lucky. So pens and pencils were not accessible like they are here in the US," he explained.
Back in the early 2000s, he saw firsthand how some Filipino public school students barely have anything. He decided to donate a box full of supplies, which then became two, five, and kept growing.
Lampkin shoulders the cost of shipping and makes an annual trip to the Philippines himself to personally deliver the goods.
"You well up with tears because here in America we're a throwaway society. We don't value a pencil like they do in the Philippines," he said.
Lampkin is not asking for money. All he's asking for are items people no longer need. As they say one man's trash is another man's treasure.
"You don't have to go out and buy. Go and look in your junk drawer. If you have kids that are growing up and they have stuff that they put away in boxes, they don't need it anymore."
If you want to donate, contact Michael Lampkin at 805 302-9206.
Some other things to watch for when Arkansas faces South Carolina:
OFFENSIVE LINE: South Carolina played without three starters on the offensive line last week in tackles Zack Bailey and Malik Young, and guard Cory Helms. Gamecocks coach Will Muschamp said Bailey, who missed the past two games with an ankle injury, is the closest among the three of returning this week.
WILLIAMS' RETURN: Arkansas running back David Williams will make a homecoming of sorts on Saturday, returning to South Carolina after playing his first three seasons with the Gamecocks. The senior signed with the Razorbacks as a graduate transfer during the summer, and he's quickly become part of an Arkansas backfield trio along with sophomore Devwah Whaley and freshman Chase Hayden. The 6-foot-1, 229-pound Williams is averaging 4.7 yards per attempt and rushed for a season-high 68 yards in an overtime loss to Texas A&M two weeks ago.
BAD RUN: South Carolina is among the worst rushing teams in the SEC , 12th in the league and averaging about 84 yards per game. Last week, the Gamecocks gained just 23 yards in 26 attempts, although the seven sacks worth 56 yards allowed came off that total. Part of the reason has been offensive line injuries. But tailback Rico Dowdle said the running backs are plan to stick with it and get the ground game on track.
KICKING WOES: After junior kicker Cole Hedlund missed field goals attempts of 23 and 20 yards in a loss to No. 8 TCU, Arkansas hasn't attempted a kick in each of its last two games — entering Saturday without a made field goal this season. Sophomore Connor Limpert has made all 11 of his extra-point attempts since taking over for Hedlund, but Arkansas coach Bret Bielema decided to go for it on fourth down twice in last week's win over New Mexico State rather than attempt kicks from 40 and 30 yards. "I'll take touchdowns over field goals any day," Bielema said.
WE REMEMBER YOU: The Gamecocks and Razorbacks, once dubbed "permanent" cross-divisional SEC opponents, have not met since 2013. South Carolina has won the past two meetings in 2012 and 2013, matching its longest run of success ever over Arkansas.
___
AP Sports Writer Kurt Voigt contributed to this report from Fayetteville, Arkansas.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pete Iacobelli, The Associated Press
The third character poster from Baadshaho is out, featuring Vidyut Jammwal! The makers have been releasing some fantastic posters of the badass characters from the film.
Ajay Devgn is the badass in a bandana, Emraan Hashmi is the guns and roses badass and now Vidyut joins the gang as the badass with a badge.
Check out the character poster:
In the poster, Vidyut is seen sporting a mustache with a retro hairstyle. The actor pairs this look with a checkered suit and high neck black t-shirt.
The tagline on the poster is eye catchy which says, “1975 Emergency… 96 hours… 600 km… 1 armoured truck… Millions in gold and 6 Bada***s. ‘Baadshaho‘ sandstorm is coming.”
Baadshaho brings together the trio of Ajay Devgn, Emraan Hashmi, and director Milan Luthria seven years after their last collaboration – ‘Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai‘. The film also stars Esha Gupta and Ileana D'Cruz in lead roles alongside the leading men.
Trending :
Director Milan had spilled the beans about the film in an interview with PTI where he quoted, “This is a historical fiction film. We have used some facts, there is a lot of stuff that was unusual and exciting. It (Emergency as subject) is a great backdrop for action and thrills. We have done extensive research on the subject.” The release of these posters sure intensifies the interest of the audience for this film's release.
The film is slated to release on 1st September.
The trailer will be attached to Salman Khan's Tubelight along with Shah Rukh Khan's Jab Harry Met Sejal!
We hope to see either Ileana D'Cruz or Esha Gupta character poster tomorrow! Anyway did you like this badass from the film?
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — In what coach Bruce Arians called “great news,” Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson's knee injury is not serious and will not require surgery.
An MRI showed Johnson has a left MCL sprain that would require six to eight weeks of rest and rehabilitation.
Johnson, speaking to reporters on Monday, said he knew a few moments after the injury Sunday in Los Angeles that it wasn't serious.
“It felt strong even in walking,” he said. “I think I was just scared at first, the initial contact. But after I calmed down a little bit, got in the locker room, I was fine.”
Johnson was taken to the locker room on a cart and returned to watch the game in street clothes from the sideline, his left knee in a brace.
Johnson said he has seen the gruesome video of the injury, where in a crowd of tacklers his lower leg was stepped on, causing his knee to bend in an unnatural direction.
“After seeing that video, with everything that happened, I'm definitely blessed with the result,” he said.
Once Monday's MRI confirmed what he suspected, he said he felt “tremendous relief that there's no significant injury.”
The injury will cause him to miss what would have been his first Pro Bowl, but that means the second year running back will not have to worry about rushing home for the birth of his first child, which is due at the same time.
The injury ended his NFL record string of at least 100 yards from scrimmage in each of the first 15 games of a season. He also fell short in his bid to be the third player to have 1,000 yards rushing and 1,000 yards receiving in the same season. Johnson ended up with 1,239 yards rushing and 879 receiving.
Even though he was injured in the first quarter of Sunday's 44-6 victory over the Rams, Johnson already had caught three passes for 38 yards and thought he would have had a good chance to reach the 1,000 mark if he had played the entire game.
Johnson led the NFL in yards from scrimmage with 2,118 (1,230 rushing, 879 receiving) and touchdowns (21). He led all running backs with 80 receptions and was second in rushing touchdowns with 16, two fewer than New England's LeGarrette Blount.
Johnson's string of 15 100 yards from scrimmage games to start the season broke the record of 13 set by Edgerrin James in 2005. His 15 consecutive games with 100 yards from scrimmage tied the NFL mark set by Barry Sanders in 1997.
Johnson is the seventh player in NFL history to lead the league in yards from scrimmage and touchdowns.
“I feel like I've grown a lot, even from each game,” the 2015 third-round draft pick out of Northern Iowa said “Game by game, play by play, I feel like I was growing and learning and getting better, getting more comfortable with our offense and the NFL.”
He blamed himself for not reaching the 1,000-yard receiving mark.
“Mental errors killed me some of the games,” Johnson said. “I probably would have had a thousand yards receiving if not some of those routes early in the season that I messed up on.”
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
A new gallery of spy photos allows us to see the next-generation Honda Accord on the road in two different patterns of camouflage – a swirling wrap and again in black cladding.
The wrap on the Accord offers the best look yet at the new generation. The body shows clear cues from the latest Civic, especially the skinny headlights and fastback rear. The general layout of the front fascia appears similar, too.
For the new model, Honda will end its practice of creating a version of the Accord for North America and a separate, generally smaller, vehicle for other markets. The change in strategy will cause the upcoming sedan to shrink a little in size. However, these photos still indicate that the new Accord offers plenty of room as a family sedan.
Previous spy photos also offered two shadowy views at the cabin. It appears that there are major improvements for the interior materials and a big tech upgrade like the latest Civic.
The Accord's powertrain will likely follow the rest of the Honda lineup by opting for a turbocharged four-cylinder rather than a V6. The base trim might use a naturally aspirated four-pot engine, but the rest could have forced induction – either from Honda's 1.5- or 2.0-liter powerplants. The hybrid would still be a choice, too, but might not be available immediately at launch.
Honda will launch the next-gen Accord late in 2017, and it will play a major part in the company's lineup. Through March, the sedan's 69,815 deliveries put it in third place on the automaker's bestseller list in the United States. The Civic is next with a volume of 81,654 units, and CR-V leads the way with 94,057 of them going to dealers.
Photo Source: Automedia
If anyone knows how easily voting can be disrupted, it's a county election supervisor in the state of Florida. That's one reason several dozen of them gathered in Orlando recently to discuss ways to protect against the most recent threat — cyberattacks by Russia or others intent on disrupting U.S. elections.
Marion County elections supervisor Wesley Wilcox said he realizes the threat has evolved far beyond the butterfly ballots and hanging chads that upended the 2000 presidential race. And even beyond the lone hacker.
"It's no longer the teenager in his basement eating Cheetos that's trying to get into my system," said Wilcox. "There are now nation states that are, in a coordinated effort, trying to do something."
CIA Director Mike Pompeo is the latest intelligence official to warn the Russians will likely try to interfere in this year's elections, as they did in 2016. And Florida was among at least 21 states that intelligence agencies say had their election systems probed by Russian hackers during the last election cycle.
There's no evidence that any votes were affected, but everyone at the Orlando meeting was well aware that they're now on the front lines of a serious international conflict.
"The reality is all of us are going to be impacted at some point in time by a cyber incident. All of us," Matt Masterson, chairman of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission, told the group. His agency is working with states and localities to beef up election security.
Masterson displayed a news article about hackers targeting nuclear facilities to drive home the significance of the threat.
"I share this because you're now in good company," he said. "As part of the nation's critical infrastructure, you're now in a group with nuclear facilities."
The Department of Homeland Security last year designated elections as part of the nation's critical infrastructure.
Since 2000, most jurisdictions have replaced their old equipment with more computerized systems, including electronic voting machines, vote tabulators and on-line registration systems. Ryan Macias of the Election Assistance Commission said new technology carries new risks and vulnerabilties.
"We have denial of service, which is a disruption attack, your website going down," he said, noting that if that happens on Election Day, it can shake voter confidence, even if no actual votes have been changed.
He said it's also important to make sure that vendors and contractors are using secure systems. And to screen temporary election workers who might have access to sensitive information and passwords.
Ransomware is another problem. "What happens if somebody takes your data, takes your election night reporting data, and holds it ransom on election night?" Macias asked. "What are you going to do? How are you going to recover from that? What are you backup processes?"
The election supervisors and some of their IT staffers broke into small groups to work out their responses to several hypothetical attacks. They had to figure out whom to call first, how to contain the damage and whom to tell about the incident. Should law enforcement be informed?
"Alright, so it appears one of our employees has been successfully phished," Will Boyett, of the Alachua County elections office, said in presenting one of the scenarios.
Phishing attacks are something most of the people in the room are very familiar with. According to a leaked intelligence report, Russian hackers, posing as a Florida vendor, tried to get local election office workers to open e-mail attachments containing malicious software. So far, there's no evidence anyone did.
It was clear that many of those gathering in Orlando already have protections in place and are well aware of the risks. But some county election offices are extremely small, with no IT staff of their own. Dana Southerland runs elections in Taylor County, which has only 13,000 voters. She said she picked up some useful tips, such as changing passwords and being careful about opening e-mails.
"Making sure that it's not a phishing e-mail or something like that. I had no idea what that was until we started having some of these workshops," she said.
Southerland — who is also President of the Florida State Association of Supervisors of Elections and helped organize the session — said perhaps the most important message is that no one is immune from attack, and they have to be prepared.
After a contentious federal court hearing, Michael Avenatti, the lawyer for Stormy Daniels, on Wednesday withdrew his motion to be allowed to intervene in the case arising out of an ongoing criminal probe into Michael Cohen's business dealings.
Avenatti argued in court filings and in a court hearing earlier Wednesday that he wanted to be able to protect Daniels' privileged communications with Keith Davidson, the attorney who represented her when she made her October 2016 hush money agreement with Cohen, President Trump's longtime fixer.
But at the hearing, U.S. Judge Kimba Wood expressed concern about Avenatti's outsized media presence and frequent public criticisms of Cohen. And lawyers for Cohen argued strongly against allowing Avenatti to intervene.
Daniels says she had an affair with Trump, which Trump denies. She wants to be released from the agreement, allowing her to speak publicly about the alleged affair.
Ahead of the hearing, Avenatti had accused Cohen's team of selectively leaking to the media a recorded conversation that may have pertained to his client. Avenatti elaborated Wednesday that he'd received calls from journalists about a taped conversation between Davidson and Cohen regarding information that ought to have been privileged between Davidson and Clifford.
“Why would Davidson be having these discussions” with Cohen? Avenatti wondered aloud. Daniels, he assured the court, had never waived her attorney-client privilege with Davidson.
The recording, Avenatti posited, “had to have come from Michael Cohen, or someone associated with Michael Cohen.”
Later, Cohen lawyer Stephen Ryan said any such recordings would be under “lock and key” at his office. The leak Avenatti alleged “had not occurred,” Ryan said, and he was “unaware of the release of any audio at this time.”
Avenatti claimed victory after the hearing Wednesday, asserting that Cohen's lawyers had confirmed the existence of the privileged audio recordings. But it was unclear whether Ryan had confirmed the tapes' existence or merely confirmed that his team was being careful to protect the files seized in the the April raids, whatever those files may be.
Raising his voice at times, Ryan said that in 27 years, he hadn't opposed a lawyer's motion to intervene, but that Avenatti had turned the case “on its head” with his outsized media presence and the release recently of an unsourced document detailing much of Cohen's post-election consulting deals with huge corporations like AT&T and Novartis. Ryan said it was “inevitable” that the document was based on an illegally leaked Suspicious Activity Reports, the highly sensitive documents banks use to flag fishy behavior.
The same document, Ryan said, had constituted a “drive-by shooting of anyone named ‘Michael Cohen”. The document mistakenly listed the financial data of other people named Michael Cohen. The move, Ryan said, was “entirely reckless and improper.”
Ryan also brought up the recent $10 million judgement against Avenatti's firm, Eagan Avenatti, which he said showed Avenatti “cannot keep his agreements.”
Avenatti argued in response — after calling Ryan's remarks “quite the tale,” earning a quick rebuke from Wood — that Eagan Avenatti was irrelevant to the hearing at hand, because it was not involved in Daniels' representation.
In response, Trump lawyer Joanna Hendon accused Avenatti of obscuring the fact that lawyers from the firm were in fact involved in Daniels' representation. She presented emails to Wood that she said showed as much.
“I have no idea what this is,” Avenatti objected as Hendon passed on the documents.
“You don't need to speak yet,” Wood responded quickly.
That exchange typified Wood's tone toward Avenatti Wednesday.
Acknowledging that she had no say over Avenatti's media presence, Wood said she didn't want Avenatti to be in a “limbo” in which he could “denigrate” Cohen and therefore “potentially deprive him of a fair trial, if there is one,” by tainting the jury pool.
She emphasized at one point that Avenatti would need to play by the rules were he admitted arguing in the case, including those against potentially prejudicial comments outside of court — a reference to Avenatti's frequent cable news appearances. On that point, Wood said Avenatti would need to stop his “publicity tour” were he to involve himself in the case at hand.
“I say publicity tour not in a derogatory sense,” she said. “You're entitled to publicity. I can't stop you, unless you're participating in a matter before me.”
